Below are the bills that have been engrossed, enrolled, or passed in the state of Alabama:

In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Volunteer rescue squads, vehicles, permanent registration, one-time fee, Dept. of Revenue to administer. Description: Volunteer rescue squads, vehicles, permanent registration, one-time fee, Dept. of Revenue to administer

In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Dallas County Board of Education members compensation increase.. Description: Dallas County Board of Education members compensation increase.

In 2024, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: State holidays; to add Juneteenth as a state holiday.. Description: State holidays; to add Juneteenth as a state holiday.

In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Covington County, court costs, Legislature may fix amounts and provide for distribution of revenue, constitutional amendment. Description: Covington County, court costs, Legislature may fix amounts and provide for distribution of revenue, constitutional amendment

In 2024, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Property insurance,  policy cancellation, nonrenewal, reduction of coverage, insurers required to provide prior written notice, circumstances under which policy cancellation, nonrenewal or coverage restriction by insurer deemed ineffective.. Description: Property insurance,  policy cancellation, nonrenewal, reduction of coverage, insurers required to provide prior written notice, circumstances under which policy cancellation, nonrenewal or coverage restriction by insurer deemed ineffective.

In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Crimes and offenses, to further provide for the crime of manslaughter. Description: Crimes and offenses, to further provide for the crime of manslaughter

In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Department of Conservation and Natural Resources, Commissioner, to require issuance of permit to release black bass into Coosa river under certain circumstances. Description: Department of Conservation and Natural Resources, Commissioner, to require issuance of permit to release black bass into Coosa river under certain circumstances

In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Jackson County, municipalities, mayors, participation in Employees' Retirement System. Description: Jackson County, municipalities, mayors, participation in Employees' Retirement System

In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Genetic Testing Companies, requiring consent to release customers' genetic data. Description: Genetic Testing Companies, requiring consent to release customers' genetic data

In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Public k-12 assistant principals, role further provided for. Description: Public k-12 assistant principals, role further provided for

In 2024, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Firearms, to prohibit parts converting a firearm into a machine gun. Description: Firearms, to prohibit parts converting a firearm into a machine gun

In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Lauderdale County, ad valorem taxes, senior property tax appraisal, person 65 or older, ca. Description: Lauderdale County, ad valorem taxes, senior property tax appraisal, person 65 or older, ca

In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Sound of Freedom Act; human trafficking; minimum sentence of life imprisonment where victim is a minor. Description: Sound of Freedom Act; human trafficking; minimum sentence of life imprisonment where victim is a minor

In 2024, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Criminal procedure; requires custodial agencies to contact a detained individual's emergency contacts in certain circumstances. Description: Criminal procedure; requires custodial agencies to contact a detained individual's emergency contacts in certain circumstances

In 2024, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Alabama State Missionary Baptist Convention, Inc., exempt from state, county, and municipal sales and use taxes.. Description: Alabama State Missionary Baptist Convention, Inc., exempt from state, county, and municipal sales and use taxes.

In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Taxation, sales tax exemptions, sales and use tax exemption provided for purchases of hearing instruments, including hearing aids.. Description: Taxation, sales tax exemptions, sales and use tax exemption provided for purchases of hearing instruments, including hearing aids.

In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Franklin County, further provides for the compensation and office of the coroner. Description: Franklin County, further provides for the compensation and office of the coroner

In 2024, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Motor vehicles; prohibitions on the alteration of the height of the fender of a vehicle, provided. Description: Motor vehicles; prohibitions on the alteration of the height of the fender of a vehicle, provided

In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Lamar County, judge of probate, salary, uniform cost-of-living increases.. Description: Lamar County, judge of probate, salary, uniform cost-of-living increases.

In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Crimes and offenses, crimes of abuse and neglect of an adult with a disability in the first, second and third degree and crimes of financial exploitation of an adult with a disability in the first, second, and third degree, created. Description: Crimes and offenses, crimes of abuse and neglect of an adult with a disability in the first, second and third degree and crimes of financial exploitation of an adult with a disability in the first, second, and third degree, created

In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Justices and Judges; revise when may be called to active duty. Description: Justices and Judges; revise when may be called to active duty

In 2024, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Criminal procedure; split sentence authorized for 30 year sentence. Description: Criminal procedure; split sentence authorized for 30 year sentence

In 2024, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Alcoholic Beverage Control Board, regulation of retail sale of certain tobacco products, electronic nicotine delivery. Description: Alcoholic Beverage Control Board, regulation of retail sale of certain tobacco products, electronic nicotine delivery

In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Seafood products, country of origin notification, correct name,  differentiate between farm-raised and wild fish;  required for food service establishments. Description: Seafood products, country of origin notification, correct name,  differentiate between farm-raised and wild fish;  required for food service establishments

In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Controlled Substances Prescription Database; access by certain representatives of a dentist authorized. Description: Controlled Substances Prescription Database; access by certain representatives of a dentist authorized

In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Board of Dental Examiners of Alabama, to create limited special volunteer licenses for nonresident dentists and dental hygienists, to increase fee for annual dental hygiene registration, to add fee for issuance of special volunteer licenses. Description: Board of Dental Examiners of Alabama, to create limited special volunteer licenses for nonresident dentists and dental hygienists, to increase fee for annual dental hygiene registration, to add fee for issuance of special volunteer licenses

In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: RSA, full-time emergency medical services technicians and paramedics  allowed to purchase hazardous duty time for prior eligible service the ERS in same manner as firefighters, law enforcement officers, and correctional officers, Tier I. Description: RSA, full-time emergency medical services technicians and paramedics  allowed to purchase hazardous duty time for prior eligible service the ERS in same manner as firefighters, law enforcement officers, and correctional officers, Tier I

In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Real Property Tax Assessment. Description: Real Property Tax Assessment

In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Crimes and offenses; assault 2nd; letter carrier added. Description: Crimes and offenses; assault 2nd; letter carrier added

In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Elmore County, further provides for the compensation of the probate judge, sheriff, and rev. commissioner. Description: Elmore County, further provides for the compensation of the probate judge, sheriff, and rev. commissioner

In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Newborn Screening Panel, procedure for addition of conditions to panel, further provided for. Description: Newborn Screening Panel, procedure for addition of conditions to panel, further provided for

In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Crimes and offenses; crime of swatting created; penalties established; jurisdiction provided for; restitution required. Description: Crimes and offenses; crime of swatting created; penalties established; jurisdiction provided for; restitution required

In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Pardons; ineligible for pardon if convicted of sex offenses involving a child. Description: Pardons; ineligible for pardon if convicted of sex offenses involving a child

In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Crimes and offenses; falsely reporting; penalties revised; restitution required. Description: Crimes and offenses; falsely reporting; penalties revised; restitution required

In 2024, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Child labor, to eliminate the eligibility to work form.. Description: Child labor, to eliminate the eligibility to work form.

In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Marion County, revises salaries of sheriff, rev. comm,, and county comm.. Description: Marion County, revises salaries of sheriff, rev. comm,, and county comm.

In 2024, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Voting, procedure when elector has changed domicile and has not updated voter registration record prior to election.. Description: Voting, procedure when elector has changed domicile and has not updated voter registration record prior to election.

In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Airport Authorities; authorities authorized to participate in and form lawful business entities or ventures, and conduct activities incidental to operation of the authority.. Description: Airport Authorities; authorities authorized to participate in and form lawful business entities or ventures, and conduct activities incidental to operation of the authority.

In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Shelby Co., library districts, board member election by Shelby County Legislative Delegation. Description: Shelby Co., library districts, board member election by Shelby County Legislative Delegation

In 2024, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Civil practice, asbestos actions; filing requirements, further provided. Description: Civil practice, asbestos actions; filing requirements, further provided

In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Elmore County, repeals compensation of equalization board members. Description: Elmore County, repeals compensation of equalization board members

In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Virtual education, administration of state assessments through closed browser remote testing. Description: Virtual education, administration of state assessments through closed browser remote testing

In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: City of Lake View, to authorize municipal court to recall bench warrant for fee. Description: City of Lake View, to authorize municipal court to recall bench warrant for fee

In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: City of Pelham, creation of new civil service system. Description: City of Pelham, creation of new civil service system

In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Establishing penalties for crimes against election officials. Description: Establishing penalties for crimes against election officials

In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Elections; providing additional items to be considered election expenses that must be reimbursed to the counties by the state. Description: Elections; providing additional items to be considered election expenses that must be reimbursed to the counties by the state

In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: State Board of Veterans Affairs, omnibus revisions to update the existing code language to current style and practice.. Description: State Board of Veterans Affairs, omnibus revisions to update the existing code language to current style and practice.

In 2024, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Crimes and offenses, further provides for the definition of "sexual conduct". Description: Crimes and offenses, further provides for the definition of "sexual conduct"

In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Dale County, judge of probate, age limit to be elected increased to age 75, constitutional amendment. Description: Dale County, judge of probate, age limit to be elected increased to age 75, constitutional amendment

In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Dale County, municipalities, golf carts, authorized to provide for use on municipal streets, constitutional amendment.. Description: Dale County, municipalities, golf carts, authorized to provide for use on municipal streets, constitutional amendment.

In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Houston Co., judge of probate, age to qualify for election or appointment increased to age 75, constitutional amendment. Description: Houston Co., judge of probate, age to qualify for election or appointment increased to age 75, constitutional amendment

In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Motor Vehicles and Traffic; to increase the air-mile radius for the intrastate hours service limitation placed on commercial motor vehicle drivers.. Description: Motor Vehicles and Traffic; to increase the air-mile radius for the intrastate hours service limitation placed on commercial motor vehicle drivers.

In 2024, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Sex-based terms, defined;  vital statistics, report sex as male or female at birth required, legislative policy regarding sex and gender identity established. Description: Sex-based terms, defined;  vital statistics, report sex as male or female at birth required, legislative policy regarding sex and gender identity established

In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Public elementary school, admittance of children to kindergarten and  first grade, demonstration of first grade readiness. Description: Public elementary school, admittance of children to kindergarten and  first grade, demonstration of first grade readiness

In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Blount County, coroner, salary and expense allowance, expense for office. Description: Blount County, coroner, salary and expense allowance, expense for office

In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Blount County, county commission, annual salary, prior salary and expense allowances superseded and repealed.. Description: Blount County, county commission, annual salary, prior salary and expense allowances superseded and repealed.

In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: County and municipal employees; whistleblower protection provided. Description: County and municipal employees; whistleblower protection provided

In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Crimes and offense; unlawful for clergy to commit certain sex acts; crime created; penalties provided. Description: Crimes and offense; unlawful for clergy to commit certain sex acts; crime created; penalties provided

In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Fire-protection personnel and emergency medical services personnel, annual training related to individuals with sensory needs and certain disabilities, required. Description: Fire-protection personnel and emergency medical services personnel, annual training related to individuals with sensory needs and certain disabilities, required

In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Crimes and offenses; unlawful to tamper with electronic monitoring device; crime created; penalties created. Description: Crimes and offenses; unlawful to tamper with electronic monitoring device; crime created; penalties created

In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Creating Hope and Opportunity for Our Students’ Education (CHOOSE) Act of 2024, established to provide education savings accounts (ESAs) for parents of children to use in providing education services for those children.. Description: Creating Hope and Opportunity for Our Students’ Education (CHOOSE) Act of 2024, established to provide education savings accounts (ESAs) for parents of children to use in providing education services for those children.

In 2024, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Education, instruction about gender identity and sexual orientation in public K-12 schools, prohibited. Description: Education, instruction about gender identity and sexual orientation in public K-12 schools, prohibited

In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Sales and use tax, durable medical equipment and medical supplies revised.. Description: Sales and use tax, durable medical equipment and medical supplies revised.

In 2024, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Juvenile court; add'l courts authorized to issue of emergency ex parte order for protection of juveniles; process provided for. Description: Juvenile court; add'l courts authorized to issue of emergency ex parte order for protection of juveniles; process provided for

In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Supplemental appropriation of federal funds from the American Rescue Plan Act - State Small Business Credit Initiative Fund to the Department of Finance for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2024.. Description: Supplemental appropriation of federal funds from the American Rescue Plan Act - State Small Business Credit Initiative Fund to the Department of Finance for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2024.

In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Department of Insurance, remove from Sunset process. Description: Department of Insurance, remove from Sunset process

In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Insurance Department, insurance fraud, statute of limitations increased, investigators of Department of Insurance Fraud Unit, power of arrest to include other state laws. Description: Insurance Department, insurance fraud, statute of limitations increased, investigators of Department of Insurance Fraud Unit, power of arrest to include other state laws

In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Supplemental appropriations from Education Trust Fund to specified agencies for fiscal year ending September 30, 2024.. Description: Supplemental appropriations from Education Trust Fund to specified agencies for fiscal year ending September 30, 2024.

In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Appropriations from Education Trust Fund for the support, maintenance, and development of public education for fiscal year ending September 30, 2025.. Description: Appropriations from Education Trust Fund for the support, maintenance, and development of public education for fiscal year ending September 30, 2025.

In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Public education employees, including K-12, postsecondary education, and AIDB, salary increase. Description: Public education employees, including K-12, postsecondary education, and AIDB, salary increase

In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Supplemental appropriations from the Education Trust Fund Advancement and Technology Fund  to various school systems and colleges and universities, and other entities for fiscal year ending September 30, 2024.. Description: Supplemental appropriations from the Education Trust Fund Advancement and Technology Fund  to various school systems and colleges and universities, and other entities for fiscal year ending September 30, 2024.

In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Tuskegee University, appropriation. Description: Tuskegee University, appropriation

In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Talladega College. appropriation. Description: Talladega College. appropriation

In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Southern Preparatory Academy, appropriation. Description: Southern Preparatory Academy, appropriation

In 2024, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Proposed constitutional amendment; Alabama Gaming Commission, established to regulate, license, and tax certain limited forms of gaming activity and stop unlawful gaming activity; compact with PCI, authorized; local bingo provisions, repealed. Description: Proposed constitutional amendment; Alabama Gaming Commission, established to regulate, license, and tax certain limited forms of gaming activity and stop unlawful gaming activity; compact with PCI, authorized; local bingo provisions, repealed

In 2024, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Alabama Gaming Commission, established, duties provided for; casino-style games, sports wagering, and lottery games, regulated; gambling offenses, further provided. Description: Alabama Gaming Commission, established, duties provided for; casino-style games, sports wagering, and lottery games, regulated; gambling offenses, further provided

In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Candidates for municipal offices; exempt from certain FCPA reporting if contributions and expenditures remain below threshold level. Description: Candidates for municipal offices; exempt from certain FCPA reporting if contributions and expenditures remain below threshold level

In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Crimes & offenses, prohibits a person from creating a private image without consent. Description: Crimes & offenses, prohibits a person from creating a private image without consent

In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Alabama School of Healthcare Sciences Bill. Description: Alabama School of Healthcare Sciences Bill

In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Consumer Protection; online distribution of material harmful to minors, prohibited; online age-verification requirements, required. Description: Consumer Protection; online distribution of material harmful to minors, prohibited; online age-verification requirements, required

In 2024, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Vaccines, parental consent for minor to receive vaccine, required. Description: Vaccines, parental consent for minor to receive vaccine, required

In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Crimes & Offenses, raises max. age for offenses involving obscene materials with depictions of children, authorizes punitive damages for victims of those offenses, and directs Board of Ed. to require policies related to those offenses. Description: Crimes & Offenses, raises max. age for offenses involving obscene materials with depictions of children, authorizes punitive damages for victims of those offenses, and directs Board of Ed. to require policies related to those offenses

In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Tallapoosa County, Jackson's Gap, boundary lines altered. Description: Tallapoosa County, Jackson's Gap, boundary lines altered

In 2024, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Taxation, certain aircraft exempt from ad valorem taxation. Description: Taxation, certain aircraft exempt from ad valorem taxation

In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Crimes & offenses, provides criminal & civil penalties for distribution of materially deceptive media intended to influence an election. Description: Crimes & offenses, provides criminal & civil penalties for distribution of materially deceptive media intended to influence an election

In 2024, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Public K-12 education, use of three-cueing system prohibited. Description: Public K-12 education, use of three-cueing system prohibited

In 2024, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Crimes & offenses, further provides for the crime of discharging a firearm. Description: Crimes & offenses, further provides for the crime of discharging a firearm

In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Tuscaloosa, ad valorem tax, add increase up to 11.5 mills auth for public school purposes. Description: Tuscaloosa, ad valorem tax, add increase up to 11.5 mills auth for public school purposes

In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Aviation, requires Transportation dept. to take certain actions related to advanced air mobility. Description: Aviation, requires Transportation dept. to take certain actions related to advanced air mobility

In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: To alter, rearrange, and extend the boundary lines and corporate limits of the Town of Hayden in Blount County.. Description: To alter, rearrange, and extend the boundary lines and corporate limits of the Town of Hayden in Blount County.

In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Mobile County, election workers, increasing the compensation for election workers and authorizing the appointment of computer technical assistants and providing for compensation of computer technical assistants. Description: Mobile County, election workers, increasing the compensation for election workers and authorizing the appointment of computer technical assistants and providing for compensation of computer technical assistants

In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Property; provides the owner of a dwelling with a method to request the removal of an unauthorized individual. Description: Property; provides the owner of a dwelling with a method to request the removal of an unauthorized individual

In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Income tax, due date for electing pass-through to make election extended. Description: Income tax, due date for electing pass-through to make election extended

In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Public K-12 education, creates uniform process for suspension and expulsion of public school students,  requires disciplinary hearing following long-term suspension or expulsion, St. Bd. of Ed. required to adopt rules. Description: Public K-12 education, creates uniform process for suspension and expulsion of public school students,  requires disciplinary hearing following long-term suspension or expulsion, St. Bd. of Ed. required to adopt rules

In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Jefferson County, General Retirement System for Employees of Jefferson County, amended to identify the Personnel Board of Jefferson County as the civil service system of the county. Description: Jefferson County, General Retirement System for Employees of Jefferson County, amended to identify the Personnel Board of Jefferson County as the civil service system of the county

In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Macon County, judge of probate, prior salary payments ratified. Description: Macon County, judge of probate, prior salary payments ratified

In 2024, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Public K-12 schools, sex education curriculum further provided for, sexual risk avoidance established as exclusive sex education curriculum, local boards of education prohibited from using services of org. that endorses other approaches to sex education, parent or guardian notice of sex ed curriculum required, cause of action for violations established. Description: Public K-12 schools, sex education curriculum further provided for, sexual risk avoidance established as exclusive sex education curriculum, local boards of education prohibited from using services of org. that endorses other approaches to sex education, parent or guardian notice of sex ed curriculum required, cause of action for violations established

In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Sale of tax-delinquent land; Land Commissioner authorized to contract with online auction to sell certain lands. Description: Sale of tax-delinquent land; Land Commissioner authorized to contract with online auction to sell certain lands

In 2024, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Veterans, to establish and operate a statewide integrated health care system dedicated to Alabama veterans and their immediate family members.. Description: Veterans, to establish and operate a statewide integrated health care system dedicated to Alabama veterans and their immediate family members.

In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Building codes; Alabama Home Builders Licensure Board; Alabama Residential Building Code, authorized to be established. Description: Building codes; Alabama Home Builders Licensure Board; Alabama Residential Building Code, authorized to be established

In 2024, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: RSA, procedure established for funding benefit increases of ERS and TRS retirees. Description: RSA, procedure established for funding benefit increases of ERS and TRS retirees

In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Boats, motorboats, operation on Lewis Smith Lake, Lake Wedowee, and portion of Shoal Creek, wakeboarding and wakesurfing reg., operation near coastline prohibited, Lake Martin add to lake law applies; operation on lakes near shoreline prohibited, penalties, grace period.. Description: Boats, motorboats, operation on Lewis Smith Lake, Lake Wedowee, and portion of Shoal Creek, wakeboarding and wakesurfing reg., operation near coastline prohibited, Lake Martin add to lake law applies; operation on lakes near shoreline prohibited, penalties, grace period.

In 2024, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Traffic infractions, requires a citing agency to notify a minor's parent or guardian when the minor receives a traffic citation. Description: Traffic infractions, requires a citing agency to notify a minor's parent or guardian when the minor receives a traffic citation

In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Scope of practice of architecture and duties of board. Description: Scope of practice of architecture and duties of board

In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Colbert County, further provides for the compensation of the probate judge. Description: Colbert County, further provides for the compensation of the probate judge

In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Natural Resources, Dept of Conservation may permit residential coastal riparian owners to dredge to create living shorelines. Description: Natural Resources, Dept of Conservation may permit residential coastal riparian owners to dredge to create living shorelines

In 2024, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Taxation; creates Tourism Tax Protection Act. Description: Taxation; creates Tourism Tax Protection Act

In 2024, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Sex offenders; restricted employment and volunteer positions further provided for. Description: Sex offenders; restricted employment and volunteer positions further provided for

In 2024, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Municipalities, zoning board of adjustment, appeals, procedures. Description: Municipalities, zoning board of adjustment, appeals, procedures

In 2024, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Ethics; laws pertaining to public officials and public employees revised. Description: Ethics; laws pertaining to public officials and public employees revised

In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Domestic and Foreign Corporations; annual report requirement removed. Description: Domestic and Foreign Corporations; annual report requirement removed

In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Sheriff, to authorize use of credit card or debit card. Description: Sheriff, to authorize use of credit card or debit card

In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Scope of practice of physical therapists. Description: Scope of practice of physical therapists

In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Motor vehicles; off-road vehicles, certificate of title required. Description: Motor vehicles; off-road vehicles, certificate of title required

In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Board of Nursing, membership revised to include a certified registered nurse anesthetist. Description: Board of Nursing, membership revised to include a certified registered nurse anesthetist

In 2024, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Taxation, sales tax exemptions, sales and use tax exemption provided for certain purchases of diapers, baby supplies, baby formula, maternity clothing, and menstrual hygiene products. Description: Taxation, sales tax exemptions, sales and use tax exemption provided for certain purchases of diapers, baby supplies, baby formula, maternity clothing, and menstrual hygiene products

In 2024, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: In vitro fertilization; civil and criminal immunity for death or damage to an embryo provided to persons when providing or receiving goods or services related to IVF. Description: In vitro fertilization; civil and criminal immunity for death or damage to an embryo provided to persons when providing or receiving goods or services related to IVF

In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Motor vehicles and traffic; first responders operating upon roadways, distinguished from pedestrians. Description: Motor vehicles and traffic; first responders operating upon roadways, distinguished from pedestrians

In 2024, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Tax credits, authorizes ADEM to issue  tax credits to persons using certain recyclable materials, sale and trade of recycle tax credits,  civil penalties for fraud.. Description: Tax credits, authorizes ADEM to issue  tax credits to persons using certain recyclable materials, sale and trade of recycle tax credits,  civil penalties for fraud.

In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Public K-12 schools, to prohibit certain actions toward military children and membership in athletic associations that do the same. Description: Public K-12 schools, to prohibit certain actions toward military children and membership in athletic associations that do the same

In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Lauderdale County, further provides for pistol permit fees. Description: Lauderdale County, further provides for pistol permit fees

In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: State Port Authority; provide that authority is a body corporate and may employ non-merit system employees. Description: State Port Authority; provide that authority is a body corporate and may employ non-merit system employees

