Below are the bills that have been engrossed, enrolled, or passed in the state of Colorado:

In 2025, Colorado passed a bill titled: Commemoration of Martin Luther King Jr. Day. Description: Concerning the commemoration of Martin Luther King Jr. Day.

In 2025, Colorado passed a bill titled: Temporary Joint Rules. Description: Concerning the adoption of the Joint Rules as the temporary Joint Rules of the Seventy-fifth General Assembly.

In 2025, Colorado passed a bill titled: General Assembly Positions & Salary Ranges. Description: Concerning the officers and employees of the First Regular Session of the Seventy-fifth General Assembly.

In 2025, Colorado passed a bill titled: Temporary House Rules. Description: Concerning the temporary Rules of the House of Representatives.

In 2025, Colorado passed a bill titled: House Officers & Employees. Description: Concerning employees and positions for the House of Representatives convened in the First Regular Session of the Seventy-fifth General Assembly.

In 2025, Colorado passed a bill titled: Temporary Rules of the Senate. Description: Concerning the temporary Rules of the Senate.

In 2025, Colorado passed a bill titled: Senate Officers & Employees. Description: Concerning the appointment of Officers and Employees for the Senate convened in the First Regular Session of the Seventy-fifth General Assembly.

In 2025, Colorado passed a bill titled: Senate Permanent Rules. Description: Concerning the Rules of the Senate, and, in connection therewith, making the temporary Rules of the Senate of the Seventy-fifth General Assembly permanent.

In 2025, Colorado passed a bill titled: State of the State. Description: Concerning a Joint Session of the House of Representatives and the Senate for the purpose of hearing a message from His Excellency, Governor Jared Polis, and appointing a committee to escort the Governor.

In 2025, Colorado passed a bill titled: State of the Judiciary. Description: Concerning a Joint Session of the House of Representatives and the Senate for the purpose of hearing a message from the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court, and appointing a committee to escort the Chief Justice.

In 2025, Colorado passed a bill titled: Joint Session Address by Tribal Councils. Description: Concerning a Joint Session of the House of Representatives and the Senate for the purpose of hearing a message from Representatives of the Ute Mountain Ute Tribe Tribal Council and the Southern Ute Indian Tribe Tribal Council, and, in connection therewith, appointing a committee to escort the Tribal Representatives.

In 2025, Colorado passed a bill titled: Colorado Commission on Uniform State Laws Appointments. Description: Concerning the appointment of members to the Colorado commission on uniform state laws.

In 2025, Colorado engrossed a bill titled: Reproductive Rights and Justice Day. Description: Concerning the designation of January 22 as "Reproductive Rights and Justice Day".

