Below are the bills that have been engrossed, enrolled, or passed in the state of Missouri:

In 2025, Missouri passed a bill titled: Temporary Rules of the House of Representatives for the 103rd General Assembly. Description: Temporary Rules of the House of Representatives for the 103rd General Assembly

In 2025, Missouri passed a bill titled: Establishes the elected permanent officers of the 103rd General Assembly. Description: Establishes the elected permanent officers of the 103rd General Assembly

In 2025, Missouri passed a bill titled: Informs the Senate that the House is duly convened, has elected its officers, and is in session ready for consideration of business. Description: Informs the Senate that the House is duly convened, has elected its officers, and is in session ready for consideration of business

In 2025, Missouri passed a bill titled: Informs the Governor that the 103rd General Assembly, First Regular Session, is organized and ready for business. Description: Informs the Governor that the 103rd General Assembly, First Regular Session, is organized and ready for business

In 2025, Missouri passed a bill titled: Expresses appreciation for the Secretary of State. Description: Expresses appreciation for the Secretary of State

In 2025, Missouri passed a bill titled: Expresses appreciation for Mary Rhodes Russell of the Missouri Supreme Court for administering the oath. Description: Expresses appreciation for Mary Rhodes Russell of the Missouri Supreme Court for administering the oath

In 2025, Missouri passed a bill titled: Rules of the House of Representatives for the 103rd General Assembly. Description: Rules of the House of Representatives for the 103rd General Assembly

In 2025, Missouri passed a bill titled: Modifies Senate Rules 25 and 28 regarding standing committees of the Senate. Description: Modifies Senate Rules 25 and 28 regarding standing committees of the Senate

In 2025, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Convenes a joint session for the State of the State Address. Description: Convenes a joint session for the State of the State Address

In 2025, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Convenes a joint session to receive a message from the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Missouri. Description: Convenes a joint session to receive a message from the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Missouri

