Below are the bills that have been engrossed, enrolled, or passed in the state of South Dakota:

In 2025, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Expand the policy advisory committee for animal damage control.. Description: Expand the policy advisory committee for animal damage control.

In 2025, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Update a reference to the Internal Revenue Code for purposes of higher education savings plans.. Description: Update a reference to the Internal Revenue Code for purposes of higher education savings plans.

In 2025, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: To require that all certified educators to take a course in South Dakota Indian Studies.. Description: To require that all certified educators to take a course in South Dakota Indian Studies.

In 2025, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Amend definitions pertaining to the school funding formula.. Description: Amend definitions pertaining to the school funding formula.

In 2025, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Revise provisions related to the stenographic recording of certain proceedings.. Description: Revise provisions related to the stenographic recording of certain proceedings.

In 2025, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Modify provisions related to emergency medical services personnel and to declare an emergency.. Description: Modify provisions related to emergency medical services personnel and to declare an emergency.

In 2025, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Prohibit the misbranding of any cell-cultured protein product.. Description: Prohibit the misbranding of any cell-cultured protein product.

In 2025, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Modify the definition of a conviction for purposes of license revocation.. Description: Modify the definition of a conviction for purposes of license revocation.

In 2025, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Update the official code of laws.. Description: Update the official code of laws.

In 2025, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Require age verification by websites containing material that is harmful to minors, and to provide a penalty therefor.. Description: Require age verification by websites containing material that is harmful to minors, and to provide a penalty therefor.

In 2025, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Prohibit the preparation, sale, and distribution of certain kratom products and to provide a penalty therefor.. Description: Prohibit the preparation, sale, and distribution of certain kratom products and to provide a penalty therefor.

In 2025, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Update references to certain federal motor carrier regulations.. Description: Update references to certain federal motor carrier regulations.

In 2025, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Increase civil penalties for commercial driver violations.. Description: Increase civil penalties for commercial driver violations.

In 2025, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Permit a sheriff to charge a fee for service of process, whether service is completed or not.. Description: Permit a sheriff to charge a fee for service of process, whether service is completed or not.

In 2025, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Prohibit the adoption or implementation of certain policies related to immigration enforcement.. Description: Prohibit the adoption or implementation of certain policies related to immigration enforcement.

In 2025, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Shorten the time before records of a Governor or a lieutenant governor are opened to the public.. Description: Shorten the time before records of a Governor or a lieutenant governor are opened to the public.

In 2025, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Limit the amount of money that may be loaned to a candidate or political committee.. Description: Limit the amount of money that may be loaned to a candidate or political committee.

In 2025, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Clarify the enactment and effective date of a measure initiated or referred within a political subdivision.. Description: Clarify the enactment and effective date of a measure initiated or referred within a political subdivision.

In 2025, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Clarify when a political committee must file certain campaign finance disclosure statements.. Description: Clarify when a political committee must file certain campaign finance disclosure statements.

In 2025, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Remove outdated provisions within the insurance code.. Description: Remove outdated provisions within the insurance code.

In 2025, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Modify substances listed on the controlled substances schedule and to declare an emergency.. Description: Modify substances listed on the controlled substances schedule and to declare an emergency.

In 2025, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Repeal the oath requirement for an application for a lodging establishment, campground, food service establishment, or mobile food service establishment license.. Description: Repeal the oath requirement for an application for a lodging establishment, campground, food service establishment, or mobile food service establishment license.

In 2025, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Revise and repeal provisions related to the 911 emergency surcharge and the 911 Coordination Board.. Description: Revise and repeal provisions related to the 911 emergency surcharge and the 911 Coordination Board.

In 2025, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Modify requirements for a vehicle approaching a vehicle that is stopped or occupying the shoulder of the highway with warning lights flashing.. Description: Modify requirements for a vehicle approaching a vehicle that is stopped or occupying the shoulder of the highway with warning lights flashing.

In 2025, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Revise the description of highways included in the state trunk highway system.. Description: Revise the description of highways included in the state trunk highway system.

In 2025, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Revise Department of Transportation regulatory authority regarding aeronautics.. Description: Revise Department of Transportation regulatory authority regarding aeronautics.

In 2025, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Clarify the minimum age requirements for a hunting license.. Description: Clarify the minimum age requirements for a hunting license.

In 2025, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Require the publication and review of an explanation of the open meeting laws of this state.. Description: Require the publication and review of an explanation of the open meeting laws of this state.

In 2025, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Proposing and submitting to the voters at the next general election an amendment to the Constitution of the State of South Dakota, conditioning the requirement of expanded Medicaid on the level of federal medical assistance.. Description: Proposing and submitting to the voters at the next general election an amendment to the Constitution of the State of South Dakota, conditioning the requirement of expanded Medicaid on the level of federal medical assistance.

In 2025, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Proposing and submitting to the voters at the next general election an amendment to the Constitution of the State of South Dakota, requiring that a constitutional amendment receive an affirmative vote of sixty percent of the votes cast before the measure is enacted.. Description: Proposing and submitting to the voters at the next general election an amendment to the Constitution of the State of South Dakota, requiring that a constitutional amendment receive an affirmative vote of sixty percent of the votes cast before the measure is enacted.

In 2025, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Providing legislative approval for a future use water permit application by the Western Dakota Regional Water System.. Description: Providing legislative approval for a future use water permit application by the Western Dakota Regional Water System.

In 2025, South Dakota engrossed a bill titled: Applying to the United States Congress for a convention of the states to propose amendments to the United States Constitution regarding the imposition of fiscal restraints on the federal government, further limiting the power and jurisdiction of the federal government, and limiting the terms of office for members of Congress and other federal officials.. Description: Applying to the United States Congress for a convention of the states to propose amendments to the United States Constitution regarding the imposition of fiscal restraints on the federal government, further limiting the power and jurisdiction of the federal government, and limiting the terms of office for members of Congress and other federal officials.

