In 2025, Wyoming passed HB0273.
Description: AN ACT relating to public health and safety; providing legislative findings; prohibiting the state and specified governmental entities from adopting any law, rule or policy that targets pregnancy centers for oversight or regulation based on the centers' stance against abortion; providing definitions; providing penalties; specifying available damages; providing a right of intervention for members of the legislature as specified; making conforming amendments; and providing for an effective date.

In 2025, Arkansas passed HB1011.
Description: To Create The Restore Roe Act; And To Restore A Woman's Access To Abortion Services.

In 2026, South Carolina passed H3504.
Description: Amend The South Carolina Code Of Laws By Enacting The "pregnancy Center Autonomy And Rights Of Expression (care) Act" By Adding Chapter 141 To Title 44 So As To Provide Pregnancy Centers Certain Protections From Government Regulation To Ensure Their Ability To Provide Services Consistent With Their Life-affirming Operating Principles; To Create A Private Right Of Action For Equitable Relief And Monetary Damages For Violation Of A Provision Of The Chapter; And For Other Purposes.

In 2026, South Carolina passed H3012.
Description: Amend The South Carolina Code Of Laws By Enacting The "pregnancy Center Autonomy And Rights Of Expression (care) Act" By Adding Chapter 141 To Title 44 So As To Provide Pregnancy Centers Certain Protections From Government Regulation To Ensure Their Ability To Provide Services Consistent With Their Life-affirming Operating Principles; To Create A Private Right Of Action For Equitable Relief And Monetary Damages For Violation Of A Provision Of The Chapter; And For Other Purposes.

In 2025, Missouri passed SB241.
Description: Repeals provisions of law relating to abortion

In 2026, Pennsylvania passed HB26.
Description: An Act amending Titles 18 (Crimes and Offenses), 35 (Health and Safety) and 40 (Insurance) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, in provisions relating to abortion, repealing provisions relating to short title of chapter and to legislative intent, further providing for definitions, repealing provisions relating to medical consultation and judgment, to informed consent, to parental consent, to abortion facilities, to printed information, to Commonwealth interference prohibited, to spousal notice, to determination of gestational age, to abortion on unborn child of 24 or more weeks gestational age, to infanticide, to prohibited acts and to reporting, further providing for publicly owned facilities, public officials and public funds and for fetal experimentation and repealing provisions relating to civil penalties, to criminal penalties, to State Board of Medicine and State Board of Osteopathic Medicine and to construction; providing for reproductive rights; repealing provisions relating to compliance with Federal health care legislation as to regulation of insurers and related persons generally; and imposing penalties.

