Below are the bills that have been engrossed, enrolled, or passed in the state of Alabama:
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Volunteer rescue squads, vehicles, permanent registration, one-time fee, Dept. of Revenue to administer. Description: Volunteer rescue squads, vehicles, permanent registration, one-time fee, Dept. of Revenue to administer
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Dallas County Board of Education members compensation increase.. Description: Dallas County Board of Education members compensation increase.
In 2024, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: State holidays; to add Juneteenth as a state holiday.. Description: State holidays; to add Juneteenth as a state holiday.
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Covington County, court costs, Legislature may fix amounts and provide for distribution of revenue, constitutional amendment. Description: Covington County, court costs, Legislature may fix amounts and provide for distribution of revenue, constitutional amendment
In 2024, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Property insurance,  policy cancellation, nonrenewal, reduction of coverage, insurers required to provide prior written notice, circumstances under which policy cancellation, nonrenewal or coverage restriction by insurer deemed ineffective.. Description: Property insurance,  policy cancellation, nonrenewal, reduction of coverage, insurers required to provide prior written notice, circumstances under which policy cancellation, nonrenewal or coverage restriction by insurer deemed ineffective.
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Crimes and offenses, to further provide for the crime of manslaughter. Description: Crimes and offenses, to further provide for the crime of manslaughter
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Department of Conservation and Natural Resources, Commissioner, to require issuance of permit to release black bass into Coosa river under certain circumstances. Description: Department of Conservation and Natural Resources, Commissioner, to require issuance of permit to release black bass into Coosa river under certain circumstances
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Jackson County, municipalities, mayors, participation in Employees' Retirement System. Description: Jackson County, municipalities, mayors, participation in Employees' Retirement System
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Genetic Testing Companies, requiring consent to release customers' genetic data. Description: Genetic Testing Companies, requiring consent to release customers' genetic data
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Public k-12 assistant principals, role further provided for. Description: Public k-12 assistant principals, role further provided for
In 2024, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Firearms, to prohibit parts converting a firearm into a machine gun. Description: Firearms, to prohibit parts converting a firearm into a machine gun
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Lauderdale County, ad valorem taxes, senior property tax appraisal, person 65 or older, ca. Description: Lauderdale County, ad valorem taxes, senior property tax appraisal, person 65 or older, ca
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Sound of Freedom Act; human trafficking; minimum sentence of life imprisonment where victim is a minor. Description: Sound of Freedom Act; human trafficking; minimum sentence of life imprisonment where victim is a minor
In 2024, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Criminal procedure; requires custodial agencies to contact a detained individual's emergency contacts in certain circumstances. Description: Criminal procedure; requires custodial agencies to contact a detained individual's emergency contacts in certain circumstances
In 2024, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Alabama State Missionary Baptist Convention, Inc., exempt from state, county, and municipal sales and use taxes.. Description: Alabama State Missionary Baptist Convention, Inc., exempt from state, county, and municipal sales and use taxes.
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Taxation, sales tax exemptions, sales and use tax exemption provided for purchases of hearing instruments, including hearing aids.. Description: Taxation, sales tax exemptions, sales and use tax exemption provided for purchases of hearing instruments, including hearing aids.
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Franklin County, further provides for the compensation and office of the coroner. Description: Franklin County, further provides for the compensation and office of the coroner
In 2024, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Motor vehicles; prohibitions on the alteration of the height of the fender of a vehicle, provided. Description: Motor vehicles; prohibitions on the alteration of the height of the fender of a vehicle, provided
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Lamar County, judge of probate, salary, uniform cost-of-living increases.. Description: Lamar County, judge of probate, salary, uniform cost-of-living increases.
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Crimes and offenses, crimes of abuse and neglect of an adult with a disability in the first, second and third degree and crimes of financial exploitation of an adult with a disability in the first, second, and third degree, created. Description: Crimes and offenses, crimes of abuse and neglect of an adult with a disability in the first, second and third degree and crimes of financial exploitation of an adult with a disability in the first, second, and third degree, created
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Justices and Judges; revise when may be called to active duty. Description: Justices and Judges; revise when may be called to active duty
In 2024, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Criminal procedure; split sentence authorized for 30 year sentence. Description: Criminal procedure; split sentence authorized for 30 year sentence
In 2024, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Alcoholic Beverage Control Board, regulation of retail sale of certain tobacco products, electronic nicotine delivery. Description: Alcoholic Beverage Control Board, regulation of retail sale of certain tobacco products, electronic nicotine delivery
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Seafood products, country of origin notification, correct name,  differentiate between farm-raised and wild fish;  required for food service establishments. Description: Seafood products, country of origin notification, correct name,  differentiate between farm-raised and wild fish;  required for food service establishments
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Controlled Substances Prescription Database; access by certain representatives of a dentist authorized. Description: Controlled Substances Prescription Database; access by certain representatives of a dentist authorized
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Board of Dental Examiners of Alabama, to create limited special volunteer licenses for nonresident dentists and dental hygienists, to increase fee for annual dental hygiene registration, to add fee for issuance of special volunteer licenses. Description: Board of Dental Examiners of Alabama, to create limited special volunteer licenses for nonresident dentists and dental hygienists, to increase fee for annual dental hygiene registration, to add fee for issuance of special volunteer licenses
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: RSA, full-time emergency medical services technicians and paramedics  allowed to purchase hazardous duty time for prior eligible service the ERS in same manner as firefighters, law enforcement officers, and correctional officers, Tier I. Description: RSA, full-time emergency medical services technicians and paramedics  allowed to purchase hazardous duty time for prior eligible service the ERS in same manner as firefighters, law enforcement officers, and correctional officers, Tier I
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Real Property Tax Assessment. Description: Real Property Tax Assessment
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Crimes and offenses; assault 2nd; letter carrier added. Description: Crimes and offenses; assault 2nd; letter carrier added
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Elmore County, further provides for the compensation of the probate judge, sheriff, and rev. commissioner. Description: Elmore County, further provides for the compensation of the probate judge, sheriff, and rev. commissioner
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Newborn Screening Panel, procedure for addition of conditions to panel, further provided for. Description: Newborn Screening Panel, procedure for addition of conditions to panel, further provided for
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Crimes and offenses; crime of swatting created; penalties established; jurisdiction provided for; restitution required. Description: Crimes and offenses; crime of swatting created; penalties established; jurisdiction provided for; restitution required
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Pardons; ineligible for pardon if convicted of sex offenses involving a child. Description: Pardons; ineligible for pardon if convicted of sex offenses involving a child
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Crimes and offenses; falsely reporting; penalties revised; restitution required. Description: Crimes and offenses; falsely reporting; penalties revised; restitution required
In 2024, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Child labor, to eliminate the eligibility to work form.. Description: Child labor, to eliminate the eligibility to work form.
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Marion County, revises salaries of sheriff, rev. comm,, and county comm.. Description: Marion County, revises salaries of sheriff, rev. comm,, and county comm.
In 2024, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Voting, procedure when elector has changed domicile and has not updated voter registration record prior to election.. Description: Voting, procedure when elector has changed domicile and has not updated voter registration record prior to election.
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Airport Authorities; authorities authorized to participate in and form lawful business entities or ventures, and conduct activities incidental to operation of the authority.. Description: Airport Authorities; authorities authorized to participate in and form lawful business entities or ventures, and conduct activities incidental to operation of the authority.
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Shelby Co., library districts, board member election by Shelby County Legislative Delegation. Description: Shelby Co., library districts, board member election by Shelby County Legislative Delegation
In 2024, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Civil practice, asbestos actions; filing requirements, further provided. Description: Civil practice, asbestos actions; filing requirements, further provided
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Elmore County, repeals compensation of equalization board members. Description: Elmore County, repeals compensation of equalization board members
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Virtual education, administration of state assessments through closed browser remote testing. Description: Virtual education, administration of state assessments through closed browser remote testing
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: City of Lake View, to authorize municipal court to recall bench warrant for fee. Description: City of Lake View, to authorize municipal court to recall bench warrant for fee
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: City of Pelham, creation of new civil service system. Description: City of Pelham, creation of new civil service system
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Establishing penalties for crimes against election officials. Description: Establishing penalties for crimes against election officials
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Elections; providing additional items to be considered election expenses that must be reimbursed to the counties by the state. Description: Elections; providing additional items to be considered election expenses that must be reimbursed to the counties by the state
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: State Board of Veterans Affairs, omnibus revisions to update the existing code language to current style and practice.. Description: State Board of Veterans Affairs, omnibus revisions to update the existing code language to current style and practice.
In 2024, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Crimes and offenses, further provides for the definition of "sexual conduct". Description: Crimes and offenses, further provides for the definition of "sexual conduct"
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Dale County, judge of probate, age limit to be elected increased to age 75, constitutional amendment. Description: Dale County, judge of probate, age limit to be elected increased to age 75, constitutional amendment
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Dale County, municipalities, golf carts, authorized to provide for use on municipal streets, constitutional amendment.. Description: Dale County, municipalities, golf carts, authorized to provide for use on municipal streets, constitutional amendment.
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Houston Co., judge of probate, age to qualify for election or appointment increased to age 75, constitutional amendment. Description: Houston Co., judge of probate, age to qualify for election or appointment increased to age 75, constitutional amendment
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Motor Vehicles and Traffic; to increase the air-mile radius for the intrastate hours service limitation placed on commercial motor vehicle drivers.. Description: Motor Vehicles and Traffic; to increase the air-mile radius for the intrastate hours service limitation placed on commercial motor vehicle drivers.
In 2024, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Sex-based terms, defined;  vital statistics, report sex as male or female at birth required, legislative policy regarding sex and gender identity established. Description: Sex-based terms, defined;  vital statistics, report sex as male or female at birth required, legislative policy regarding sex and gender identity established
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Public elementary school, admittance of children to kindergarten and  first grade, demonstration of first grade readiness. Description: Public elementary school, admittance of children to kindergarten and  first grade, demonstration of first grade readiness
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Blount County, coroner, salary and expense allowance, expense for office. Description: Blount County, coroner, salary and expense allowance, expense for office
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Blount County, county commission, annual salary, prior salary and expense allowances superseded and repealed.. Description: Blount County, county commission, annual salary, prior salary and expense allowances superseded and repealed.
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: County and municipal employees; whistleblower protection provided. Description: County and municipal employees; whistleblower protection provided
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Crimes and offense; unlawful for clergy to commit certain sex acts; crime created; penalties provided. Description: Crimes and offense; unlawful for clergy to commit certain sex acts; crime created; penalties provided
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Fire-protection personnel and emergency medical services personnel, annual training related to individuals with sensory needs and certain disabilities, required. Description: Fire-protection personnel and emergency medical services personnel, annual training related to individuals with sensory needs and certain disabilities, required
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Crimes and offenses; unlawful to tamper with electronic monitoring device; crime created; penalties created. Description: Crimes and offenses; unlawful to tamper with electronic monitoring device; crime created; penalties created
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Creating Hope and Opportunity for Our Students’ Education (CHOOSE) Act of 2024, established to provide education savings accounts (ESAs) for parents of children to use in providing education services for those children.. Description: Creating Hope and Opportunity for Our Students’ Education (CHOOSE) Act of 2024, established to provide education savings accounts (ESAs) for parents of children to use in providing education services for those children.
In 2024, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Education, instruction about gender identity and sexual orientation in public K-12 schools, prohibited. Description: Education, instruction about gender identity and sexual orientation in public K-12 schools, prohibited
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Sales and use tax, durable medical equipment and medical supplies revised.. Description: Sales and use tax, durable medical equipment and medical supplies revised.
In 2024, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Juvenile court; add'l courts authorized to issue of emergency ex parte order for protection of juveniles; process provided for. Description: Juvenile court; add'l courts authorized to issue of emergency ex parte order for protection of juveniles; process provided for
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Supplemental appropriation of federal funds from the American Rescue Plan Act - State Small Business Credit Initiative Fund to the Department of Finance for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2024.. Description: Supplemental appropriation of federal funds from the American Rescue Plan Act - State Small Business Credit Initiative Fund to the Department of Finance for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2024.
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Department of Insurance, remove from Sunset process. Description: Department of Insurance, remove from Sunset process
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Insurance Department, insurance fraud, statute of limitations increased, investigators of Department of Insurance Fraud Unit, power of arrest to include other state laws. Description: Insurance Department, insurance fraud, statute of limitations increased, investigators of Department of Insurance Fraud Unit, power of arrest to include other state laws
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Supplemental appropriations from Education Trust Fund to specified agencies for fiscal year ending September 30, 2024.. Description: Supplemental appropriations from Education Trust Fund to specified agencies for fiscal year ending September 30, 2024.
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Appropriations from Education Trust Fund for the support, maintenance, and development of public education for fiscal year ending September 30, 2025.. Description: Appropriations from Education Trust Fund for the support, maintenance, and development of public education for fiscal year ending September 30, 2025.
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Public education employees, including K-12, postsecondary education, and AIDB, salary increase. Description: Public education employees, including K-12, postsecondary education, and AIDB, salary increase
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Supplemental appropriations from the Education Trust Fund Advancement and Technology Fund  to various school systems and colleges and universities, and other entities for fiscal year ending September 30, 2024.. Description: Supplemental appropriations from the Education Trust Fund Advancement and Technology Fund  to various school systems and colleges and universities, and other entities for fiscal year ending September 30, 2024.
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Tuskegee University, appropriation. Description: Tuskegee University, appropriation
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Talladega College. appropriation. Description: Talladega College. appropriation
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Southern Preparatory Academy, appropriation. Description: Southern Preparatory Academy, appropriation
In 2024, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Proposed constitutional amendment; Alabama Gaming Commission, established to regulate, license, and tax certain limited forms of gaming activity and stop unlawful gaming activity; compact with PCI, authorized; local bingo provisions, repealed. Description: Proposed constitutional amendment; Alabama Gaming Commission, established to regulate, license, and tax certain limited forms of gaming activity and stop unlawful gaming activity; compact with PCI, authorized; local bingo provisions, repealed
In 2024, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Alabama Gaming Commission, established, duties provided for; casino-style games, sports wagering, and lottery games, regulated; gambling offenses, further provided. Description: Alabama Gaming Commission, established, duties provided for; casino-style games, sports wagering, and lottery games, regulated; gambling offenses, further provided
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Candidates for municipal offices; exempt from certain FCPA reporting if contributions and expenditures remain below threshold level. Description: Candidates for municipal offices; exempt from certain FCPA reporting if contributions and expenditures remain below threshold level
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Crimes & offenses, prohibits a person from creating a private image without consent. Description: Crimes & offenses, prohibits a person from creating a private image without consent
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Alabama School of Healthcare Sciences Bill. Description: Alabama School of Healthcare Sciences Bill
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Consumer Protection; online distribution of material harmful to minors, prohibited; online age-verification requirements, required. Description: Consumer Protection; online distribution of material harmful to minors, prohibited; online age-verification requirements, required
In 2024, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Vaccines, parental consent for minor to receive vaccine, required. Description: Vaccines, parental consent for minor to receive vaccine, required
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Crimes & Offenses, raises max. age for offenses involving obscene materials with depictions of children, authorizes punitive damages for victims of those offenses, and directs Board of Ed. to require policies related to those offenses. Description: Crimes & Offenses, raises max. age for offenses involving obscene materials with depictions of children, authorizes punitive damages for victims of those offenses, and directs Board of Ed. to require policies related to those offenses
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Tallapoosa County, Jackson's Gap, boundary lines altered. Description: Tallapoosa County, Jackson's Gap, boundary lines altered
In 2024, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Taxation, certain aircraft exempt from ad valorem taxation. Description: Taxation, certain aircraft exempt from ad valorem taxation
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Crimes & offenses, provides criminal & civil penalties for distribution of materially deceptive media intended to influence an election. Description: Crimes & offenses, provides criminal & civil penalties for distribution of materially deceptive media intended to influence an election
In 2024, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Public K-12 education, use of three-cueing system prohibited. Description: Public K-12 education, use of three-cueing system prohibited
In 2024, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Crimes & offenses, further provides for the crime of discharging a firearm. Description: Crimes & offenses, further provides for the crime of discharging a firearm
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Tuscaloosa, ad valorem tax, add increase up to 11.5 mills auth for public school purposes. Description: Tuscaloosa, ad valorem tax, add increase up to 11.5 mills auth for public school purposes
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Aviation, requires Transportation dept. to take certain actions related to advanced air mobility. Description: Aviation, requires Transportation dept. to take certain actions related to advanced air mobility
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: To alter, rearrange, and extend the boundary lines and corporate limits of the Town of Hayden in Blount County.. Description: To alter, rearrange, and extend the boundary lines and corporate limits of the Town of Hayden in Blount County.
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Mobile County, election workers, increasing the compensation for election workers and authorizing the appointment of computer technical assistants and providing for compensation of computer technical assistants. Description: Mobile County, election workers, increasing the compensation for election workers and authorizing the appointment of computer technical assistants and providing for compensation of computer technical assistants
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Property; provides the owner of a dwelling with a method to request the removal of an unauthorized individual. Description: Property; provides the owner of a dwelling with a method to request the removal of an unauthorized individual
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Income tax, due date for electing pass-through to make election extended. Description: Income tax, due date for electing pass-through to make election extended
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Public K-12 education, creates uniform process for suspension and expulsion of public school students,  requires disciplinary hearing following long-term suspension or expulsion, St. Bd. of Ed. required to adopt rules. Description: Public K-12 education, creates uniform process for suspension and expulsion of public school students,  requires disciplinary hearing following long-term suspension or expulsion, St. Bd. of Ed. required to adopt rules
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Jefferson County, General Retirement System for Employees of Jefferson County, amended to identify the Personnel Board of Jefferson County as the civil service system of the county. Description: Jefferson County, General Retirement System for Employees of Jefferson County, amended to identify the Personnel Board of Jefferson County as the civil service system of the county
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Macon County, judge of probate, prior salary payments ratified. Description: Macon County, judge of probate, prior salary payments ratified
In 2024, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Public K-12 schools, sex education curriculum further provided for, sexual risk avoidance established as exclusive sex education curriculum, local boards of education prohibited from using services of org. that endorses other approaches to sex education, parent or guardian notice of sex ed curriculum required, cause of action for violations established. Description: Public K-12 schools, sex education curriculum further provided for, sexual risk avoidance established as exclusive sex education curriculum, local boards of education prohibited from using services of org. that endorses other approaches to sex education, parent or guardian notice of sex ed curriculum required, cause of action for violations established
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Sale of tax-delinquent land; Land Commissioner authorized to contract with online auction to sell certain lands. Description: Sale of tax-delinquent land; Land Commissioner authorized to contract with online auction to sell certain lands
In 2024, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Veterans, to establish and operate a statewide integrated health care system dedicated to Alabama veterans and their immediate family members.. Description: Veterans, to establish and operate a statewide integrated health care system dedicated to Alabama veterans and their immediate family members.
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Building codes; Alabama Home Builders Licensure Board; Alabama Residential Building Code, authorized to be established. Description: Building codes; Alabama Home Builders Licensure Board; Alabama Residential Building Code, authorized to be established
In 2024, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: RSA, procedure established for funding benefit increases of ERS and TRS retirees. Description: RSA, procedure established for funding benefit increases of ERS and TRS retirees
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Boats, motorboats, operation on Lewis Smith Lake, Lake Wedowee, and portion of Shoal Creek, wakeboarding and wakesurfing reg., operation near coastline prohibited, Lake Martin add to lake law applies; operation on lakes near shoreline prohibited, penalties, grace period.. Description: Boats, motorboats, operation on Lewis Smith Lake, Lake Wedowee, and portion of Shoal Creek, wakeboarding and wakesurfing reg., operation near coastline prohibited, Lake Martin add to lake law applies; operation on lakes near shoreline prohibited, penalties, grace period.
In 2024, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Traffic infractions, requires a citing agency to notify a minor's parent or guardian when the minor receives a traffic citation. Description: Traffic infractions, requires a citing agency to notify a minor's parent or guardian when the minor receives a traffic citation
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Scope of practice of architecture and duties of board. Description: Scope of practice of architecture and duties of board
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Colbert County, further provides for the compensation of the probate judge. Description: Colbert County, further provides for the compensation of the probate judge
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Natural Resources, Dept of Conservation may permit residential coastal riparian owners to dredge to create living shorelines. Description: Natural Resources, Dept of Conservation may permit residential coastal riparian owners to dredge to create living shorelines
In 2024, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Taxation; creates Tourism Tax Protection Act. Description: Taxation; creates Tourism Tax Protection Act
In 2024, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Sex offenders; restricted employment and volunteer positions further provided for. Description: Sex offenders; restricted employment and volunteer positions further provided for
In 2024, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Municipalities, zoning board of adjustment, appeals, procedures. Description: Municipalities, zoning board of adjustment, appeals, procedures
In 2024, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Ethics; laws pertaining to public officials and public employees revised. Description: Ethics; laws pertaining to public officials and public employees revised
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Domestic and Foreign Corporations; annual report requirement removed. Description: Domestic and Foreign Corporations; annual report requirement removed
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Sheriff, to authorize use of credit card or debit card. Description: Sheriff, to authorize use of credit card or debit card
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Scope of practice of physical therapists. Description: Scope of practice of physical therapists
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Motor vehicles; off-road vehicles, certificate of title required. Description: Motor vehicles; off-road vehicles, certificate of title required
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Board of Nursing, membership revised to include a certified registered nurse anesthetist. Description: Board of Nursing, membership revised to include a certified registered nurse anesthetist
In 2024, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Taxation, sales tax exemptions, sales and use tax exemption provided for certain purchases of diapers, baby supplies, baby formula, maternity clothing, and menstrual hygiene products. Description: Taxation, sales tax exemptions, sales and use tax exemption provided for certain purchases of diapers, baby supplies, baby formula, maternity clothing, and menstrual hygiene products
In 2024, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: In vitro fertilization; civil and criminal immunity for death or damage to an embryo provided to persons when providing or receiving goods or services related to IVF. Description: In vitro fertilization; civil and criminal immunity for death or damage to an embryo provided to persons when providing or receiving goods or services related to IVF
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Motor vehicles and traffic; first responders operating upon roadways, distinguished from pedestrians. Description: Motor vehicles and traffic; first responders operating upon roadways, distinguished from pedestrians
In 2024, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Tax credits, authorizes ADEM to issue  tax credits to persons using certain recyclable materials, sale and trade of recycle tax credits,  civil penalties for fraud.. Description: Tax credits, authorizes ADEM to issue  tax credits to persons using certain recyclable materials, sale and trade of recycle tax credits,  civil penalties for fraud.
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Public K-12 schools, to prohibit certain actions toward military children and membership in athletic associations that do the same. Description: Public K-12 schools, to prohibit certain actions toward military children and membership in athletic associations that do the same
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Lauderdale County, further provides for pistol permit fees. Description: Lauderdale County, further provides for pistol permit fees
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: State Port Authority; provide that authority is a body corporate and may employ non-merit system employees. Description: State Port Authority; provide that authority is a body corporate and may employ non-merit system employees
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Warren Lee Helms, death mourned. Description: Warren Lee Helms, death mourned
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Craig Kelley, commended. Description: Craig Kelley, commended
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Dr. Peter M. Dichiara, commended. Description: Dr. Peter M. Dichiara, commended
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Pfc. Noah C. Reeves, commended. Description: Pfc. Noah C. Reeves, commended
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Lamona Hall Lucas, Mourning. Description: Lamona Hall Lucas, Mourning
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: William Howell Rogers, road named. Description: William Howell Rogers, road named
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Proclaiming Space Day in Alabama. Description: Proclaiming Space Day in Alabama
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Mrs. Linda Plott Duren, Celebrating. Description: Mrs. Linda Plott Duren, Celebrating
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: William Howell Rogers, road named. Description: William Howell Rogers, road named
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Alabama Indian Affairs Commission. Description: Alabama Indian Affairs Commission
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Billy  Charles Bedsole, Death Mourned. Description: Billy  Charles Bedsole, Death Mourned
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDAR. Description: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDAR
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Monrovia Middle School Boys Basketball Team, commended. Description: Monrovia Middle School Boys Basketball Team, commended
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Tuskegee Airmen, celebrated. Description: Tuskegee Airmen, celebrated
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Wilcox County, Tax Assessor and Tax Collector, expense allowance, additional. Description: Wilcox County, Tax Assessor and Tax Collector, expense allowance, additional
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Animals, limitations of liability for activities of bovines provided to owners. Description: Animals, limitations of liability for activities of bovines provided to owners
In 2024, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Alabama Adventure Awaits sales tax holiday created; to exempt certain items from sales tax during the first weekends in March and August. Description: Alabama Adventure Awaits sales tax holiday created; to exempt certain items from sales tax during the first weekends in March and August
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Law enforcement, further provides for reimbursement for transporting for extradition. Description: Law enforcement, further provides for reimbursement for transporting for extradition
In 2024, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Judge of probate of each county to conduct post-election audit.. Description: Judge of probate of each county to conduct post-election audit.
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Marshall County, alcoholic beverages, provided to be a wet county, county commission, unincorporated areas, authorized to regulate and require on premise licensees to meet licensure requirements, fees, additional privilege taxes. Description: Marshall County, alcoholic beverages, provided to be a wet county, county commission, unincorporated areas, authorized to regulate and require on premise licensees to meet licensure requirements, fees, additional privilege taxes
In 2024, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Motor vehicles, child passenger restraint systems, use further provided. Description: Motor vehicles, child passenger restraint systems, use further provided
In 2024, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: To provide further for the practice of landscape architecture. Description: To provide further for the practice of landscape architecture
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Baldwin County, Constitutional Amendment, creates the White House Fork Landmark District. Description: Baldwin County, Constitutional Amendment, creates the White House Fork Landmark District
In 2024, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Taxation; exemption for certain air carriers. Description: Taxation; exemption for certain air carriers
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Tax delinquent properties, provides for distribution of excess funds from certain tax sale, actions to foreclose and quiet title, public auction demanded and  distribution of proceeds, distribution of surplus proceeds, limited application of act.. Description: Tax delinquent properties, provides for distribution of excess funds from certain tax sale, actions to foreclose and quiet title, public auction demanded and  distribution of proceeds, distribution of surplus proceeds, limited application of act.
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Talladega County, coroner, expense allowance and salary. Description: Talladega County, coroner, expense allowance and salary
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Indigent defense, provides for membership & review process of adv. boards, provides for comp. of attorneys. Description: Indigent defense, provides for membership & review process of adv. boards, provides for comp. of attorneys
In 2024, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Career and technical education in public K-12 schools; home school student participation, authorized; State Board of Education, required to adopt rules. Description: Career and technical education in public K-12 schools; home school student participation, authorized; State Board of Education, required to adopt rules
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Public K-12 education, fentanyl prevention and drug poisoning awareness required in grades 6 through 12.. Description: Public K-12 education, fentanyl prevention and drug poisoning awareness required in grades 6 through 12.
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: St. Clair County, coroner and deputy coroner, salary and expense allowance.. Description: St. Clair County, coroner and deputy coroner, salary and expense allowance.
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: The Alabama G.I. and Dependents Educational Benefit Act conform to federal requirements. Description: The Alabama G.I. and Dependents Educational Benefit Act conform to federal requirements
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Motor vehicle registrations, replace International Symbol of Access with Dynamic Accessibility Symbol. Description: Motor vehicle registrations, replace International Symbol of Access with Dynamic Accessibility Symbol
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Montgomery County, Montgomery City/County Personnel Board and Department, abolished, new personnel merit system provided separately for city and county employees, separate appeals board and rules.. Description: Montgomery County, Montgomery City/County Personnel Board and Department, abolished, new personnel merit system provided separately for city and county employees, separate appeals board and rules.
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Montgomery County and municipalities 5,000 or more, county-wide personnel system, exempt positions in municipalities, further expanded.. Description: Montgomery County and municipalities 5,000 or more, county-wide personnel system, exempt positions in municipalities, further expanded.
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Public and nonpublic schools, sudden cardiac arrest, required to develop and implement cardiac emergency response plan. Description: Public and nonpublic schools, sudden cardiac arrest, required to develop and implement cardiac emergency response plan
In 2024, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Taxation, Lt General Victor "Brute" Krulak Detachment of Marine Corps League, exempt from sales and use tax. Description: Taxation, Lt General Victor "Brute" Krulak Detachment of Marine Corps League, exempt from sales and use tax
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Statewide Constitutional Amendment, to grant school lands in Fayette and Walker Co.s to Franklin Co. Board of Education.. Description: Statewide Constitutional Amendment, to grant school lands in Fayette and Walker Co.s to Franklin Co. Board of Education.
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Calhoun County, repealed rules related to the Civil Service Board of the City of Jacksonville. Description: Calhoun County, repealed rules related to the Civil Service Board of the City of Jacksonville
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Baldwin County, constitutional amendment, creates the Stapleton Landmark District. Description: Baldwin County, constitutional amendment, creates the Stapleton Landmark District
In 2024, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: 911 districts, permit districts to cooperate in providing services. Description: 911 districts, permit districts to cooperate in providing services
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Alternative teacher certification, alternative teacher education preparation organization, accreditation further provided for. Description: Alternative teacher certification, alternative teacher education preparation organization, accreditation further provided for
In 2024, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: State employees, eight weeks paid parental leave provided for, State Personnel Department required to adopt rules. Description: State employees, eight weeks paid parental leave provided for, State Personnel Department required to adopt rules
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Choctaw County, courts costs, Legislature authorized to levy by local law, constitutional amendment. Description: Choctaw County, courts costs, Legislature authorized to levy by local law, constitutional amendment
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Walker Percy Badham III, death mourned. Description: Walker Percy Badham III, death mourned
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Alabama Move Over Act; Further provided. Description: Alabama Move Over Act; Further provided
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Tallapoosa County; sheriff, fees for administrative services, distribution.. Description: Tallapoosa County; sheriff, fees for administrative services, distribution.
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Calhoun Co., license commissioner, motor vehicle tags, add fee, distribute to sheriff. Description: Calhoun Co., license commissioner, motor vehicle tags, add fee, distribute to sheriff
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Calhoun County, provides for the compensation of the license commissioner. Description: Calhoun County, provides for the compensation of the license commissioner
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Emergency medical transport providers, assessment period extended. Description: Emergency medical transport providers, assessment period extended
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Geologic storage, completion certificate and its implications, funds to manage open and closed reservoirs, pore space possession, leasing state land as these relate to carbon dioxide provided.. Description: Geologic storage, completion certificate and its implications, funds to manage open and closed reservoirs, pore space possession, leasing state land as these relate to carbon dioxide provided.
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Shelby County, motor vehicle and other licenses, non-collectable payments, voiding of licenses, credit to license department, payment to license department for certain good faith errors and issuances.. Description: Shelby County, motor vehicle and other licenses, non-collectable payments, voiding of licenses, credit to license department, payment to license department for certain good faith errors and issuances.
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Jacksonville State University, membership of board of trustees revised. Description: Jacksonville State University, membership of board of trustees revised
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Public institutions of higher education, annual reports of funding received from foreign countries of concern required, exceptions provided. Description: Public institutions of higher education, annual reports of funding received from foreign countries of concern required, exceptions provided
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Public K-12 schools; nonpublic school transfer students excluded from certain assessments determining school or school district grade.. Description: Public K-12 schools; nonpublic school transfer students excluded from certain assessments determining school or school district grade.
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Tax lien auctions and sales; auctions and fees further provided for; tax lien redemptions; tax lien price further provided for; redemption of tax lien further provided for; prohibit entry on land; penalties established. Description: Tax lien auctions and sales; auctions and fees further provided for; tax lien redemptions; tax lien price further provided for; redemption of tax lien further provided for; prohibit entry on land; penalties established
In 2024, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Water, Sewer, and Fire Protection Authorities; change board member qualifications. Description: Water, Sewer, and Fire Protection Authorities; change board member qualifications
In 2024, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Baldwin County, increases service of process fees. Description: Baldwin County, increases service of process fees
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Baldwin County, creates Bon Secour Landmark District, Constitutional Amendment. Description: Baldwin County, creates Bon Secour Landmark District, Constitutional Amendment
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Crimes and offenses; operation of unmanned aircraft system over or near a Department of Corrections facility; penalties provided; exceptions provided. Description: Crimes and offenses; operation of unmanned aircraft system over or near a Department of Corrections facility; penalties provided; exceptions provided
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Establishes the Alabama Workforce Housing Tax Credit Act; creates the Alabama Workforce Housing Tax Credit. Description: Establishes the Alabama Workforce Housing Tax Credit Act; creates the Alabama Workforce Housing Tax Credit
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Alabama Uniform Commercial Real Estate Receivership Act, created, process for appointment of receiver for disputes relating to commercial real estate provided. Description: Alabama Uniform Commercial Real Estate Receivership Act, created, process for appointment of receiver for disputes relating to commercial real estate provided
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Law enforcement officers, further provides for authority of officers working for the Univ. of Alabama System. Description: Law enforcement officers, further provides for authority of officers working for the Univ. of Alabama System
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Juvenile courts, Department of Youth Services responsible for housing and caring for child ordered to be transferred to custody of Department of Youth Services, Department of Youth Services to reimburse county detention facility for costs incurred under certain circumstances.. Description: Juvenile courts, Department of Youth Services responsible for housing and caring for child ordered to be transferred to custody of Department of Youth Services, Department of Youth Services to reimburse county detention facility for costs incurred under certain circumstances.
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Colbert County, county board of ed and boards of ed of Cities of Muscle Shoals, Sheffield, Tuscumbia authorized to use private insurance company to insure school buildings and property. Description: Colbert County, county board of ed and boards of ed of Cities of Muscle Shoals, Sheffield, Tuscumbia authorized to use private insurance company to insure school buildings and property
In 2024, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Community development districts; proceeds from alcoholic beverage tax in certain districts, distribution provide for. Description: Community development districts; proceeds from alcoholic beverage tax in certain districts, distribution provide for
In 2024, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Income tax, tax credit for voluntary cash contributions to pregnancy center or residential maternity facility. Description: Income tax, tax credit for voluntary cash contributions to pregnancy center or residential maternity facility
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to child care and workforce development; to establish the employer tax credit and child care provider tax credit; to make legislative findings.. Description: Relating to child care and workforce development; to establish the employer tax credit and child care provider tax credit; to make legislative findings.
In 2024, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Department of Mental Health; expand category for involuntary commitment to include individuals with co-occurring substance use disorder, authorize service of petition in county of respondent's location when original petition was filed, authorize judge to determine when to bring respondent before court for hearing on restriction of  liberty pending final hearing, authorize judge of probate to petition district or municipal court for suspension of criminal confinement for commitment; bill does not require providers to expand services unless additional funding provided. Description: Department of Mental Health; expand category for involuntary commitment to include individuals with co-occurring substance use disorder, authorize service of petition in county of respondent's location when original petition was filed, authorize judge to determine when to bring respondent before court for hearing on restriction of  liberty pending final hearing, authorize judge of probate to petition district or municipal court for suspension of criminal confinement for commitment; bill does not require providers to expand services unless additional funding provided
In 2024, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Crimes and offenses; murder and manslaughter further provided for. Description: Crimes and offenses; murder and manslaughter further provided for
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Cullman County, sheriff, to authorize use of credit card or debit card for purchases.. Description: Cullman County, sheriff, to authorize use of credit card or debit card for purchases.
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Cullman County, allows retired sheriff employees to keep weapons. Description: Cullman County, allows retired sheriff employees to keep weapons
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Cullman County, authorizes sheriff to take certain actions regarding abandoned or stolen weapons. Description: Cullman County, authorizes sheriff to take certain actions regarding abandoned or stolen weapons
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Vessels, Nonresident Alabama Boater Safety Certification requirement, provided. Description: Vessels, Nonresident Alabama Boater Safety Certification requirement, provided
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: County Boards of Equalization; to revise the nomination procedures for boards of equalization in certain counties. Description: County Boards of Equalization; to revise the nomination procedures for boards of equalization in certain counties
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Taxation and revenue; income tax credit for storm shelter construction, extended. Description: Taxation and revenue; income tax credit for storm shelter construction, extended
In 2024, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Competitive bidding;  contract protest procedures revised.. Description: Competitive bidding;  contract protest procedures revised.
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Tuscaloosa County, sheriff, service of process fees for personal service, distribution of funds to circuit clerk, sheriff, district attorney, and probate judge.. Description: Tuscaloosa County, sheriff, service of process fees for personal service, distribution of funds to circuit clerk, sheriff, district attorney, and probate judge.
In 2024, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Crimes and offenses, provided that the use of any premises to distribute material that is harmful to minors is a public nuisance and further provided for the definition of "sexual conduct". Description: Crimes and offenses, provided that the use of any premises to distribute material that is harmful to minors is a public nuisance and further provided for the definition of "sexual conduct"
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Trussville, ad valorem tax, distribution for education, referendum. Description: Trussville, ad valorem tax, distribution for education, referendum
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Blount County, taxation of vapor and alternative nicotine products. Description: Blount County, taxation of vapor and alternative nicotine products
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Alabama Medical Cannabis Commission; primary responsibility over regulation, licensing, and enforcement of cannabis cultivation  authorized. Description: Alabama Medical Cannabis Commission; primary responsibility over regulation, licensing, and enforcement of cannabis cultivation  authorized
In 2024, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Motor vehicles, Dept of Revenue, transfer of ownership interest in deceased individual's motor vehicle prohibited, except by order of a probate or circuit court, by a small estates distribution, by affidavit of all heirs, Class B misdemeanor for false affidavit.. Description: Motor vehicles, Dept of Revenue, transfer of ownership interest in deceased individual's motor vehicle prohibited, except by order of a probate or circuit court, by a small estates distribution, by affidavit of all heirs, Class B misdemeanor for false affidavit.
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Houston County; lodging tax, county commission, authorize to levy, distribution for economic development and recreational facilities, referendum. Description: Houston County; lodging tax, county commission, authorize to levy, distribution for economic development and recreational facilities, referendum
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: DeKalb County, county commission, appropriation oof a portion of certain filing and recording for mental health professionals further provided for. Description: DeKalb County, county commission, appropriation oof a portion of certain filing and recording for mental health professionals further provided for
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: DeKalb County; coroner and sheriff; further provide for expense allowance and salary of officers. Description: DeKalb County; coroner and sheriff; further provide for expense allowance and salary of officers
In 2024, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Municipal housing authorities, further provides for the powers of authorities and exempts from taxes. Description: Municipal housing authorities, further provides for the powers of authorities and exempts from taxes
In 2024, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: County housing authorities, further provides for the powers of authorities and exempts from taxes. Description: County housing authorities, further provides for the powers of authorities and exempts from taxes
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to Income Taxes; to amend the definition of gross income as relates to overtime income. Description: Relating to Income Taxes; to amend the definition of gross income as relates to overtime income
In 2024, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: District Attorneys; absolute immunity established; duties further provided for. Description: District Attorneys; absolute immunity established; duties further provided for
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Perry County, coroner, expense allow and salary.. Description: Perry County, coroner, expense allow and salary.
In 2024, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Alabama Code of Military Justice. Description: Alabama Code of Military Justice
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Coffee County, motor vehicle license tags, additional $8 fee, distributed to sheriff and district attorney. Description: Coffee County, motor vehicle license tags, additional $8 fee, distributed to sheriff and district attorney
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: State Licensing Board for General Contractors; minimum cost of undertaking subject to licensure requirements, increased. Description: State Licensing Board for General Contractors; minimum cost of undertaking subject to licensure requirements, increased
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Polygraph Examiners Board; polygraph device defined; computer voice stress analysis exempted. Description: Polygraph Examiners Board; polygraph device defined; computer voice stress analysis exempted
In 2024, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Archives Department, revised the composition and authorizing authority of the board. Description: Archives Department, revised the composition and authorizing authority of the board
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Wilcox County, sheriff, expense allowance and salary. Description: Wilcox County, sheriff, expense allowance and salary
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Lamar County, judge of probate, mail fee for boat licenses and other licenses.. Description: Lamar County, judge of probate, mail fee for boat licenses and other licenses.
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Henry County, county commission, authorized to require permits for outside events with admissions, permit fees, enforcement, civil fines authorized. Description: Henry County, county commission, authorized to require permits for outside events with admissions, permit fees, enforcement, civil fines authorized
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Lawrence County, establishing a work release and community corrections program. Description: Lawrence County, establishing a work release and community corrections program
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Houston County, further provides for sheriff compensation. Description: Houston County, further provides for sheriff compensation
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Houston County, further provides for court costs. Description: Houston County, further provides for court costs
In 2024, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: State employees, salary deductions further provided for. Description: State employees, salary deductions further provided for
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Montgomery County; sheriff's office, use of credit cards or debit cards authorized.. Description: Montgomery County; sheriff's office, use of credit cards or debit cards authorized.
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Public K-12 education, employment, qualifications, and training of technology directors. Description: Public K-12 education, employment, qualifications, and training of technology directors
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Growing Alabama Act, Innovating Alabama Act, Alabama Jobs Act, Innovate Alabama, allow existing communities to qualify for incentives. Description: Growing Alabama Act, Innovating Alabama Act, Alabama Jobs Act, Innovate Alabama, allow existing communities to qualify for incentives
In 2024, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Calhoun County, authorizes the co. commission and governing bodies of municipalities to regulate halfway houses. Description: Calhoun County, authorizes the co. commission and governing bodies of municipalities to regulate halfway houses
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Pike County, further provides for City of Troy Investment Trust Fund. Description: Pike County, further provides for City of Troy Investment Trust Fund
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Marengo County; motor vehicle tags additional fee, county commission may levy, retroactive. Description: Marengo County; motor vehicle tags additional fee, county commission may levy, retroactive
In 2024, Alabama enrolled a bill titled: Marengo County; coroner and deputy coroner, compensation and travel expense. Description: Marengo County; coroner and deputy coroner, compensation and travel expense
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Marengo County, sheriff, service of process for personal service by the sheriff, distribution to sheriff and district attorney. Description: Marengo County, sheriff, service of process for personal service by the sheriff, distribution to sheriff and district attorney
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Autauga County, ad valorem tax, add 7 mills for public school purposes, exemption of certain parcels of 100 acres or more. Description: Autauga County, ad valorem tax, add 7 mills for public school purposes, exemption of certain parcels of 100 acres or more
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Crimes and offenses, further provides for the crime of unauthorized entry of a critical infrastructure. Description: Crimes and offenses, further provides for the crime of unauthorized entry of a critical infrastructure
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Cleburne County, further provides for service of process, jail telephone system, and pistol permit fees. Description: Cleburne County, further provides for service of process, jail telephone system, and pistol permit fees
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Escambia County, county engineer, residency requirement in county made permissive. Description: Escambia County, county engineer, residency requirement in county made permissive
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Cullman County Legislative Delegation Fund; expenditures of fund to be based on proportion of population each member represent in county. Description: Cullman County Legislative Delegation Fund; expenditures of fund to be based on proportion of population each member represent in county
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Pike County, further provides for sales and use taxes. Description: Pike County, further provides for sales and use taxes
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Brewton, annexation. Description: Brewton, annexation
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Dallas County, business personal property tax returns filed in the offices of the tax assessor and tax collector. Description: Dallas County, business personal property tax returns filed in the offices of the tax assessor and tax collector
In 2024, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Gulf Shores, corporate limits altered to annex property. Description: Gulf Shores, corporate limits altered to annex property
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Motor vehicles, exhibition driving, further provided; automated traffic enforcement system, authorized to be used to detect and record violations; impoundment period, further provided. Description: Motor vehicles, exhibition driving, further provided; automated traffic enforcement system, authorized to be used to detect and record violations; impoundment period, further provided
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Elmore County, Millbrook, annexation. Description: Elmore County, Millbrook, annexation
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Covington Co., sheriff, booking fee distributed to sheriff's law enforcement fund.. Description: Covington Co., sheriff, booking fee distributed to sheriff's law enforcement fund.
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Appropriations, supplemental appropriations from the Opioid Treatment and Abatement Fund for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2023. Description: Appropriations, supplemental appropriations from the Opioid Treatment and Abatement Fund for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2023
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Limestone County,  coroner salary, appointed deputies, salary approved by county commission, effective next term. Description: Limestone County,  coroner salary, appointed deputies, salary approved by county commission, effective next term
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Walker County, judge of probate salary. Description: Walker County, judge of probate salary
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Absentee voting; prohibit assistance in preparation of; exceptions provided. Description: Absentee voting; prohibit assistance in preparation of; exceptions provided
In 2024, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: School safety; authorized sheriffs and chiefs of police to contract to provide school resource officers for nonpublic K-12 schools. Description: School safety; authorized sheriffs and chiefs of police to contract to provide school resource officers for nonpublic K-12 schools
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Class 1 Municipalities,  enforcement of state regulations and municipal code liens, judicial in rem foreclosure, court-ordered sale of property, recovery of unpaid liens and cost of enforcement, not applicable to owner-occupied real property.. Description: Class 1 Municipalities,  enforcement of state regulations and municipal code liens, judicial in rem foreclosure, court-ordered sale of property, recovery of unpaid liens and cost of enforcement, not applicable to owner-occupied real property.
In 2024, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Libraries, provides that county & municipal library boards serve at the pleasure of their appointing authorities. Description: Libraries, provides that county & municipal library boards serve at the pleasure of their appointing authorities
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: RSA, certain conditions removed for retired elected official under TRS or ERS to serve in another elected public office for compensation without suspension of benefits. Description: RSA, certain conditions removed for retired elected official under TRS or ERS to serve in another elected public office for compensation without suspension of benefits
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Board of Pharmacy, compounding pharmacies, number of pharmacy technicians regulated by board rule. Description: Board of Pharmacy, compounding pharmacies, number of pharmacy technicians regulated by board rule
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Commencement of actions, Scouts' Honor Bill, exception to statute of limitations for sex offense against minor, provided in actions against a bankruptcy estate. Description: Commencement of actions, Scouts' Honor Bill, exception to statute of limitations for sex offense against minor, provided in actions against a bankruptcy estate
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Food Products, manufacture and distribution of meat from cultured animal cells prohibited. Description: Food Products, manufacture and distribution of meat from cultured animal cells prohibited
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Board of Nursing, authorized by rule to clarify scope of practice of certified nursing support technicians, disciplinary actions clarified. Description: Board of Nursing, authorized by rule to clarify scope of practice of certified nursing support technicians, disciplinary actions clarified
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Board of Nursing, technical change of term "nurse educator" to "advanced practice nurse" in the Alabama Loan-Repayment Program for Advanced Practice Nursing. Description: Board of Nursing, technical change of term "nurse educator" to "advanced practice nurse" in the Alabama Loan-Repayment Program for Advanced Practice Nursing
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Houston County, Houston County Health Care Authority, board members to be appointed by county commission. Description: Houston County, Houston County Health Care Authority, board members to be appointed by county commission
In 2024, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Distressed Institutions of Higher Education Revolving Loan Program amended, loan qualifications revised, administering agency changed. Description: Distressed Institutions of Higher Education Revolving Loan Program amended, loan qualifications revised, administering agency changed
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Retirement benefits, revise circumstances when an individual's pension, annuity, or retirement allowance benefits are subject to certain recovery actions. Description: Retirement benefits, revise circumstances when an individual's pension, annuity, or retirement allowance benefits are subject to certain recovery actions
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Public K-12 education, employment of assistant superintendents, assistant chief school finance officers, and assistant principals by contract provided for local boards of education. Description: Public K-12 education, employment of assistant superintendents, assistant chief school finance officers, and assistant principals by contract provided for local boards of education
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Crimes and offenses; additional activity added to making a terrorist threat in the first degree. Description: Crimes and offenses; additional activity added to making a terrorist threat in the first degree
In 2024, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Alabama Clean Indoor Air Act, vaping included as prohibited smoking in public places.. Description: Alabama Clean Indoor Air Act, vaping included as prohibited smoking in public places.
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Dam safety,  elective procedures provided for state-owned dams. Description: Dam safety,  elective procedures provided for state-owned dams
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Sunset law; Alabama Board of Examiners in Psychology continued until October 1, 2028. Description: Sunset law; Alabama Board of Examiners in Psychology continued until October 1, 2028
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Insurance Department insurers required to be licensed, unauthorized insurers, exceptions for surplus line brokers, further provided for, authority for membership in the Surplus Line Insurance Multi-State Compliance Compact Act repealed.. Description: Insurance Department insurers required to be licensed, unauthorized insurers, exceptions for surplus line brokers, further provided for, authority for membership in the Surplus Line Insurance Multi-State Compliance Compact Act repealed.
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Insurance; motor vehicles;  assigned risk plan, department of insurance to issue motor vehicle liability insurance policies; liability waived for the department, its officers and employees, the state.. Description: Insurance; motor vehicles;  assigned risk plan, department of insurance to issue motor vehicle liability insurance policies; liability waived for the department, its officers and employees, the state.
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Public K-12 Education, posting of curricula on school websites required, parents or guardians authorized to examine materials upon request. Description: Public K-12 Education, posting of curricula on school websites required, parents or guardians authorized to examine materials upon request
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Appliances, prohibits a governmental entity from restricting acquisition of appliances based solely on the type of energy used. Description: Appliances, prohibits a governmental entity from restricting acquisition of appliances based solely on the type of energy used
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Child labor, eliminating the eligibility to work form.. Description: Child labor, eliminating the eligibility to work form.
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: State Textbook Review Committee, review of periodicals, required. Description: State Textbook Review Committee, review of periodicals, required
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Personnel Department, to require director to regularly assess job requirements and remove college degree when practicable. Description: Personnel Department, to require director to regularly assess job requirements and remove college degree when practicable
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Teachers and school employees, state retirement benefits terminated upon conviction of certain sex crimes involving minor.. Description: Teachers and school employees, state retirement benefits terminated upon conviction of certain sex crimes involving minor.
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Public k-12 education; hands on instruction in CPR and the use of AEDs, required in health classes; State Board of Education, authorized to adopt rules. Description: Public k-12 education; hands on instruction in CPR and the use of AEDs, required in health classes; State Board of Education, authorized to adopt rules
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Ports, inland facilities; create inland port and intermodal grant fund in ADECA.. Description: Ports, inland facilities; create inland port and intermodal grant fund in ADECA.
In 2024, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Taxation, sales tax exemptions, sales and use tax exemption provided for certain purchases of diapers, baby supplies, baby formula, maternity clothing, and menstrual hygiene products. Description: Taxation, sales tax exemptions, sales and use tax exemption provided for certain purchases of diapers, baby supplies, baby formula, maternity clothing, and menstrual hygiene products
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: County commission; limitation of liability regarding use of public funds, provided. Description: County commission; limitation of liability regarding use of public funds, provided
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Insurance Department, insurance fraud, statute of limitations increased, investigators of Department of Insurance Fraud Unit, power of arrest to include other state laws. Description: Insurance Department, insurance fraud, statute of limitations increased, investigators of Department of Insurance Fraud Unit, power of arrest to include other state laws
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Supplemental appropriations from State General Fund to specified agencies for fiscal year ending September 30, 2024.. Description: Supplemental appropriations from State General Fund to specified agencies for fiscal year ending September 30, 2024.
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Appropriations from State General Fund for executive, legislative, and judicial agencies of the State, other functions of government, debt service, and capital outlay for fiscal year ending September 30, 2025.. Description: Appropriations from State General Fund for executive, legislative, and judicial agencies of the State, other functions of government, debt service, and capital outlay for fiscal year ending September 30, 2025.
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: State employees, cost-of-living increase for fiscal year beginning October 1, 2024. Description: State employees, cost-of-living increase for fiscal year beginning October 1, 2024
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Children First Trust Fund, appropriations from for fiscal year ending September 30, 2025, use of allocation pursuant to Section 41-15B-2.2 and this act, tobacco settlement revenues deposited in fund within 30 days of receipt.. Description: Children First Trust Fund, appropriations from for fiscal year ending September 30, 2025, use of allocation pursuant to Section 41-15B-2.2 and this act, tobacco settlement revenues deposited in fund within 30 days of receipt.
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Coalition Against Domestic Violence, appropriation, operations plan and audited financial statement required, quarterly and end-of-year reports required.. Description: Coalition Against Domestic Violence, appropriation, operations plan and audited financial statement required, quarterly and end-of-year reports required.
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Off-label medical treatment; adverse action by occupational licensing board because of recommendation, prohibited; patient informed consent, required; cause of action, provided. Description: Off-label medical treatment; adverse action by occupational licensing board because of recommendation, prohibited; patient informed consent, required; cause of action, provided
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Taxation, exemption for agricultural fencing. Description: Taxation, exemption for agricultural fencing
In 2024, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Indigent defense, provides for membership & review process of adv. boards, provides for comp. of attorneys. Description: Indigent defense, provides for membership & review process of adv. boards, provides for comp. of attorneys
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Filing fees, not required for certain qualified domestic relations orders. Description: Filing fees, not required for certain qualified domestic relations orders
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Tuscaloosa County; Tuscaloosa City Board of Education, jurisdiction to include only territory within city limits, territory outside of City of Tuscaloosa city limits, included in jurisdiction of county board of education, ad valorem taxes redistributed, Constitutional Amendment.. Description: Tuscaloosa County; Tuscaloosa City Board of Education, jurisdiction to include only territory within city limits, territory outside of City of Tuscaloosa city limits, included in jurisdiction of county board of education, ad valorem taxes redistributed, Constitutional Amendment.
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Alabama Fire College; Add new seat to commission.. Description: Alabama Fire College; Add new seat to commission.
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Crimes & offenses, provides that it is unlawful to loiter within 30 feet of an interchange involving a controlled-access or limited access highway. Description: Crimes & offenses, provides that it is unlawful to loiter within 30 feet of an interchange involving a controlled-access or limited access highway
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Taxation; exempting the gross proceeds of honeybees and their byproducts from sales tax. Description: Taxation; exempting the gross proceeds of honeybees and their byproducts from sales tax
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Sunset law; Alabama Board of Examiners in Counseling continued until October 1, 2026. Description: Sunset law; Alabama Board of Examiners in Counseling continued until October 1, 2026
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Tobacco products; electronic nicotine delivery systems, use or possession of device, prohibited without regard to particular substance used therein. Description: Tobacco products; electronic nicotine delivery systems, use or possession of device, prohibited without regard to particular substance used therein
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Public K-12 school security; School Security Program, established to require school security inspections and grading; School Security and Fire Safety Fund, established to provide grants; School Mapping Data Program, established to provide criteria for school maps; Department of Education and ALEA, authorized to adopt rules. Description: Public K-12 school security; School Security Program, established to require school security inspections and grading; School Security and Fire Safety Fund, established to provide grants; School Mapping Data Program, established to provide criteria for school maps; Department of Education and ALEA, authorized to adopt rules
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Establishing the Board of Medical Scholarship Awards Fund. Description: Establishing the Board of Medical Scholarship Awards Fund
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Board of Heating, Air Conditioning, and Refrigeration Contractors, remove provisions related to apprentices. Description: Board of Heating, Air Conditioning, and Refrigeration Contractors, remove provisions related to apprentices
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Civil practice, asbestos actions; filing requirements, further provided. Description: Civil practice, asbestos actions; filing requirements, further provided
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to civil liability; to amend Section 6-5-332, Code of Alabama 1975, to limit the liability of members of any community emergency response team who perform emergency care at the scene of an accident or disaster.. Description: Relating to civil liability; to amend Section 6-5-332, Code of Alabama 1975, to limit the liability of members of any community emergency response team who perform emergency care at the scene of an accident or disaster.
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Commerce Department; secretary and deputy secretary salary revised. Description: Commerce Department; secretary and deputy secretary salary revised
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Sunset law; Board of Heating, Air Conditioning, and Refrigeration Contractors is continued until October 1, 2028. Description: Sunset law; Board of Heating, Air Conditioning, and Refrigeration Contractors is continued until October 1, 2028
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Sunset law, Board of Examiners of Assisted Living Administrators is continued until October 1, 2026. Description: Sunset law, Board of Examiners of Assisted Living Administrators is continued until October 1, 2026
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Dr. Sharon Malone, Commending. Description: Dr. Sharon Malone, Commending
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Alabama Business and Nonprofit Entities Code; amended to delete references to Alabama Nonprofit Corporation Law, clarify and streamline certain provisions in accordance with changes in Delaware law and the Model Business Corporation Act. Description: Alabama Business and Nonprofit Entities Code; amended to delete references to Alabama Nonprofit Corporation Law, clarify and streamline certain provisions in accordance with changes in Delaware law and the Model Business Corporation Act
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Sunset law; Alcoholic Beverage Control Board continued until October 1, 2028. Description: Sunset law; Alcoholic Beverage Control Board continued until October 1, 2028
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Alabama Real Estate Appraisers Board, continued until October 1, 2028, without modification, pursuant to the Sunset Law. Description: Alabama Real Estate Appraisers Board, continued until October 1, 2028, without modification, pursuant to the Sunset Law
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: State Licensing Board for General Contractors, continued until October 1, 2027, without modification, pursuant to the Sunset Law. Description: State Licensing Board for General Contractors, continued until October 1, 2027, without modification, pursuant to the Sunset Law
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Alabama Onsite Wastewater Board, continued until October 1, 2025, with modification to allow an organizational meeting to be considered a regular meeting of the board, pursuant to the Sunset Law. Description: Alabama Onsite Wastewater Board, continued until October 1, 2025, with modification to allow an organizational meeting to be considered a regular meeting of the board, pursuant to the Sunset Law
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Sunset law, Alabama Electronic Security Board of Licensure is continued until October 1, 2028. Description: Sunset law, Alabama Electronic Security Board of Licensure is continued until October 1, 2028
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Sunset law, Alabama Private Investigation Board continued until October 1, 2026. Description: Sunset law, Alabama Private Investigation Board continued until October 1, 2026
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Child labor, increasing civil and criminal penalties for employers who violate child labor laws. Description: Child labor, increasing civil and criminal penalties for employers who violate child labor laws
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Sunset law, Alabama Board of Funeral Services is continued until October 1, 2028. Description: Sunset law, Alabama Board of Funeral Services is continued until October 1, 2028
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Sunset law, Alabama Real Estate Commission is continued until October 1, 2028. Description: Sunset law, Alabama Real Estate Commission is continued until October 1, 2028
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Alabama Board of Electrical Contractors, continued until October 1, 2026, with modification to provide for a provisional license, pursuant to the Sunset Law.. Description: Alabama Board of Electrical Contractors, continued until October 1, 2026, with modification to provide for a provisional license, pursuant to the Sunset Law.
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: State Board of Auctioneers, continued until October 1, 2028, pursuant to the Sunset Law. Description: State Board of Auctioneers, continued until October 1, 2028, pursuant to the Sunset Law
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Alabama Security Regulatory Board, continued until October 1, 2027, without modification, pursuant to the Sunset Law. Description: Alabama Security Regulatory Board, continued until October 1, 2027, without modification, pursuant to the Sunset Law
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: State Board of Public Accountancy, continued until October 1, 2028, without modification, pursuant to the Sunset Law. Description: State Board of Public Accountancy, continued until October 1, 2028, without modification, pursuant to the Sunset Law
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Sunset law, Alabama Liquified Petroleum Gas Board continued until October 1, 2028. Description: Sunset law, Alabama Liquified Petroleum Gas Board continued until October 1, 2028
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Alabama Athletic Commission, continued until October 1, 2027, without modification, pursuant to the Sunset Law. Description: Alabama Athletic Commission, continued until October 1, 2027, without modification, pursuant to the Sunset Law
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Public Health Department State Board of Health, entity abolished and duties transferred to State Committee of Public Health; membership of committee revised; State Health Officer duties and qualifications revised. Description: Public Health Department State Board of Health, entity abolished and duties transferred to State Committee of Public Health; membership of committee revised; State Health Officer duties and qualifications revised
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Public Service Commission, continued until October 1, 2028, without modification, pursuant to the Sunset Law. Description: Public Service Commission, continued until October 1, 2028, without modification, pursuant to the Sunset Law
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Diversity, equity, and inclusion; certain public entities prohibited from maintaining office that promotes diversity, equity, and inclusion programs; certain programs related to divisive concepts or diversity, equity, and inclusion, prohibited; promotion and endorsement of certain divisive concepts in certain public settings prohibited; exceptions provided; public institution of higher education, required to designate multioccupancy restrooms based on biological sex. Description: Diversity, equity, and inclusion; certain public entities prohibited from maintaining office that promotes diversity, equity, and inclusion programs; certain programs related to divisive concepts or diversity, equity, and inclusion, prohibited; promotion and endorsement of certain divisive concepts in certain public settings prohibited; exceptions provided; public institution of higher education, required to designate multioccupancy restrooms based on biological sex
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Sunset law, Alabama Board of Court Reporting is continued until October 1, 2028. Description: Sunset law, Alabama Board of Court Reporting is continued until October 1, 2028
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Alabama Behavior Analyst Licensing Board, continued pursuant to Sunset Law until October 1, 2026; Department of Mental Health required to provide certain services and personnel for operation of board. Description: Alabama Behavior Analyst Licensing Board, continued pursuant to Sunset Law until October 1, 2026; Department of Mental Health required to provide certain services and personnel for operation of board
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Alabama Board of Social Work Examiners, continued until October 1, 2028, without modification, pursuant to the Sunset Law. Description: Alabama Board of Social Work Examiners, continued until October 1, 2028, without modification, pursuant to the Sunset Law
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Alabama Securities Commission, continued until October 1, 2028, without modification, pursuant to the Sunset Law. Description: Alabama Securities Commission, continued until October 1, 2028, without modification, pursuant to the Sunset Law
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Department of Insurance, continued until October 1, 2028, without modification, pursuant to the Sunset Law. Description: Department of Insurance, continued until October 1, 2028, without modification, pursuant to the Sunset Law
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Veterans, to establish and operate a statewide integrated health care system dedicated to Alabama veterans and their immediate family members. Description: Veterans, to establish and operate a statewide integrated health care system dedicated to Alabama veterans and their immediate family members
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Statewide 911 Board, continued until October 1, 2026, without modification, pursuant to the Sunset Law. Description: Statewide 911 Board, continued until October 1, 2026, without modification, pursuant to the Sunset Law
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Alabama Board of Massage Therapy, terminated pursuant to the Sunset law and replaced by the Alabama Massage Therapy Licensing Board. Description: Alabama Board of Massage Therapy, terminated pursuant to the Sunset law and replaced by the Alabama Massage Therapy Licensing Board
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Plumbers and Gas Fitters Examining Board, continued until October 1, 2028, without modification, pursuant to the Sunset Law. Description: Plumbers and Gas Fitters Examining Board, continued until October 1, 2028, without modification, pursuant to the Sunset Law
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Sunset law, Alabama Board of Cosmetology and Barbering is continued until October 1, 2028. Description: Sunset law, Alabama Board of Cosmetology and Barbering is continued until October 1, 2028
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Alabama Professional Bail Bonding Board, continued until October 1, 2025, without modification, pursuant to the Sunset Law. Description: Alabama Professional Bail Bonding Board, continued until October 1, 2025, without modification, pursuant to the Sunset Law
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: St. Clair County, specifying qualified electors for county superintendent and board of education and changing Pell City Board of Education from an elected to appointed board and specifying residential qualifications for members of city board local constitutional amendment. Description: St. Clair County, specifying qualified electors for county superintendent and board of education and changing Pell City Board of Education from an elected to appointed board and specifying residential qualifications for members of city board local constitutional amendment
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Pell City, St. Clair County, repealing acts providing for the election of the Pell City Board of Education, contingent upon ratification of a constitutional amendment providing for an appointed board of education. Description: Pell City, St. Clair County, repealing acts providing for the election of the Pell City Board of Education, contingent upon ratification of a constitutional amendment providing for an appointed board of education
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Tommy Carter, road named. Description: Tommy Carter, road named
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Sunset Law; Alabama State Board of Respiratory Therapy continued until October 1, 2028, with modification to delete nonexistent nominating entities.. Description: Sunset Law; Alabama State Board of Respiratory Therapy continued until October 1, 2028, with modification to delete nonexistent nominating entities.
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Prisoners, increases the money paid by the state to counties to feed prisoners and the money deposited into the Emergency Prisoner Feeding Fund. Description: Prisoners, increases the money paid by the state to counties to feed prisoners and the money deposited into the Emergency Prisoner Feeding Fund
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Taxation; creates Tourism Tax Protection Act. Description: Taxation; creates Tourism Tax Protection Act
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: State Pilotage Commission as Class 2 municipality, commission may regulate maritime data used in Mobile Bay.. Description: State Pilotage Commission as Class 2 municipality, commission may regulate maritime data used in Mobile Bay.
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Expungement , to provide that a person adjudged youthful offender for a misdemeanor offense, violation, traffic violation, or municipal ordinance violation may file a petition to have records expunged.. Description: Expungement , to provide that a person adjudged youthful offender for a misdemeanor offense, violation, traffic violation, or municipal ordinance violation may file a petition to have records expunged.
In 2024, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Sheriffs, in Category 2 and 3 counties, salary may be set by the county commission.. Description: Sheriffs, in Category 2 and 3 counties, salary may be set by the county commission.
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Joint Transportation Committee, transfer of responsibility for annual report on local motor fuels excise tax revenues to Department of Revenue. Description: Joint Transportation Committee, transfer of responsibility for annual report on local motor fuels excise tax revenues to Department of Revenue
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Autauga County, board of education authorized to use private insurance company to insure school buildings and property. Description: Autauga County, board of education authorized to use private insurance company to insure school buildings and property
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Public education employees; exclusion of students from classroom, provided for; principal authorized to suspend, expel, or recommend for alternative school certain students excluded from classroom; civil and criminal immunity provided to education employees; local boards of education authorized to reimburse or compensate employees for certain legal fees; rebuttable presumption, created; Board of Education, required to adopt rules. Description: Public education employees; exclusion of students from classroom, provided for; principal authorized to suspend, expel, or recommend for alternative school certain students excluded from classroom; civil and criminal immunity provided to education employees; local boards of education authorized to reimburse or compensate employees for certain legal fees; rebuttable presumption, created; Board of Education, required to adopt rules
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: In vitro fertilization; civil and criminal immunity for death or damage to an embryo provided to persons when providing or receiving services related to IVF. Description: In vitro fertilization; civil and criminal immunity for death or damage to an embryo provided to persons when providing or receiving services related to IVF
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Study Commission on Interagency Cooperation and Collaboration on the Rehabilitation and Reintegration of Formerly Incarcerated Individuals; dissolution date extended; members added; retroactive effect. Description: Study Commission on Interagency Cooperation and Collaboration on the Rehabilitation and Reintegration of Formerly Incarcerated Individuals; dissolution date extended; members added; retroactive effect
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Mobile County; firefighting and emergency medical districts, board of trustees fills vacancies. Description: Mobile County; firefighting and emergency medical districts, board of trustees fills vacancies
In 2024, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Alabama Jobs Act; requirements for approved companies revised. Description: Alabama Jobs Act; requirements for approved companies revised
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Municipalities, commercial development authorities, project defined to include single commercial enterprises. Description: Municipalities, commercial development authorities, project defined to include single commercial enterprises
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Local boards of education; maximum compensation of board members, increased; continuing education requirements as condition for compensation, required. Description: Local boards of education; maximum compensation of board members, increased; continuing education requirements as condition for compensation, required
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Gas districts formed by two or more municipalities, board of directors, fee for board meetings increased. Description: Gas districts formed by two or more municipalities, board of directors, fee for board meetings increased
In 2024, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Virtual education, administration of state assessments through closed browser remote testing. Description: Virtual education, administration of state assessments through closed browser remote testing
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Prohibit the use of any ranked-choice voting method in elections except for electors who vote by absentee ballot pursuant to the Uniformed and Overseas Citizens Absentee Voting Act. Description: Prohibit the use of any ranked-choice voting method in elections except for electors who vote by absentee ballot pursuant to the Uniformed and Overseas Citizens Absentee Voting Act
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Alcoholic Beverages Control Board; ability to own its warehouses authorized. Description: Alcoholic Beverages Control Board; ability to own its warehouses authorized
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Legislature; codification of certain regular and special session acts and Code Commissioner Technical Revisions into the Code of Alabama 1975. Description: Legislature; codification of certain regular and special session acts and Code Commissioner Technical Revisions into the Code of Alabama 1975
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Mobile Co., sheriff, salary and expense allowance.. Description: Mobile Co., sheriff, salary and expense allowance.
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Flossie Leeth Gibson, 90th birthday, commended. Description: Flossie Leeth Gibson, 90th birthday, commended
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Animals, disposal methods for dead further provided. Description: Animals, disposal methods for dead further provided
In 2024, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Domestic and Foreign Corporations; annual report requirement removed. Description: Domestic and Foreign Corporations; annual report requirement removed
In 2024, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Public K-12 schools, to prohibit certain actions toward military children and membership in athletic associations that do the same. Description: Public K-12 schools, to prohibit certain actions toward military children and membership in athletic associations that do the same
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Interstate compact; dieticians. Description: Interstate compact; dieticians
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Interstate Compact -Social Work Examiners. Description: Interstate Compact -Social Work Examiners
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: National guard and reserve; state income tax exemption. Description: National guard and reserve; state income tax exemption
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Juveniles; provide for concurrent jurisdiction, criminal offenses committed. Description: Juveniles; provide for concurrent jurisdiction, criminal offenses committed
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Public K-12 education, remote early enrollment of transferring military children with special needs. Description: Public K-12 education, remote early enrollment of transferring military children with special needs
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Public school teacher salary schedule, experience credit provided to certain certified teachers for experience as paraprofessional or teacher's aide. Description: Public school teacher salary schedule, experience credit provided to certain certified teachers for experience as paraprofessional or teacher's aide
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Alabama Farm Center created, vested with powers and privileges, deemed economic development organization. Description: Alabama Farm Center created, vested with powers and privileges, deemed economic development organization
In 2024, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Public contracts; prohibitions on public contracts with entities affiliated with the People's Republic of China, provided;. Description: Public contracts; prohibitions on public contracts with entities affiliated with the People's Republic of China, provided;
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: State symbols; designate Little Bluestem as the official State Grass of Alabama.. Description: State symbols; designate Little Bluestem as the official State Grass of Alabama.
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Motor vehicles, use of motor vehicles equipped with an automated driving system. Description: Motor vehicles, use of motor vehicles equipped with an automated driving system
In 2024, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Jacksonville State University, membership of board of trustees revised. Description: Jacksonville State University, membership of board of trustees revised
In 2024, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Geologic storage, completion certificate and its implications, funds to manage open and closed reservoirs, pore space possession, leasing state land as these relate to carbon dioxide provided.. Description: Geologic storage, completion certificate and its implications, funds to manage open and closed reservoirs, pore space possession, leasing state land as these relate to carbon dioxide provided.
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Labor organizations, employer's eligibility for economic development incentives conditioned upon employer refraining from certain practices relating to labor organizations, oversight provided. Description: Labor organizations, employer's eligibility for economic development incentives conditioned upon employer refraining from certain practices relating to labor organizations, oversight provided
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Public contracts, county public building authorities, exemption provided. Description: Public contracts, county public building authorities, exemption provided
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Crimes and offenses, juveniles, prohibit release confidential information. Description: Crimes and offenses, juveniles, prohibit release confidential information
In 2024, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Child support, retroactivity provided for in certain circumstances. Description: Child support, retroactivity provided for in certain circumstances
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Home Buyers Initiative Act; alternative housing programs, funding mechanism further provided. Description: Home Buyers Initiative Act; alternative housing programs, funding mechanism further provided
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Department of Mental Health; expand category for involuntary commitment to include individuals with co-occurring substance use disorder, authorize service of petition in county of respondent's location when original petition was filed, authorize judge to determine when to bring respondent before court for hearing on restriction of  liberty pending final hearing, authorize judge of probate to petition district or municipal court for suspension of criminal confinement for commitment; bill does not require providers to expand services unless additional funding provided. Description: Department of Mental Health; expand category for involuntary commitment to include individuals with co-occurring substance use disorder, authorize service of petition in county of respondent's location when original petition was filed, authorize judge to determine when to bring respondent before court for hearing on restriction of  liberty pending final hearing, authorize judge of probate to petition district or municipal court for suspension of criminal confinement for commitment; bill does not require providers to expand services unless additional funding provided
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Board of Medical Examiners; "expedited license" defined for purposes of criminal background check for physician licensure. Description: Board of Medical Examiners; "expedited license" defined for purposes of criminal background check for physician licensure
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Alabama Workforce Transformation Act FY24 Regular Session SENATE. Description: Alabama Workforce Transformation Act FY24 Regular Session SENATE
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Corrections Department; rename Investigation and Intelligence Division; add correctional canine classifications to state law enforcement. Description: Corrections Department; rename Investigation and Intelligence Division; add correctional canine classifications to state law enforcement
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Alabama Growth Alliance Bill. Description: Alabama Growth Alliance Bill
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Alabama Workforce Pathways Act, different pathways for high school diplomas based on future career plans. Description: Alabama Workforce Pathways Act, different pathways for high school diplomas based on future career plans
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Pardons and Paroles; time frame for parole court extended. Description: Pardons and Paroles; time frame for parole court extended
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Commercial driver licenses, updated to conform to Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration regulations. Description: Commercial driver licenses, updated to conform to Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration regulations
In 2024, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Tax lien auctions and sales; auctions and fees further provided for; tax lien redemptions; tax lien price further provided for; redemption of tax lien further provided for; prohibit entry on land; penalties established. Description: Tax lien auctions and sales; auctions and fees further provided for; tax lien redemptions; tax lien price further provided for; redemption of tax lien further provided for; prohibit entry on land; penalties established
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Etowah County, constitutional amendment, authorizes legislature to fix court costs by local law. Description: Etowah County, constitutional amendment, authorizes legislature to fix court costs by local law
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Etowah County, provides for service of process. Description: Etowah County, provides for service of process
In 2024, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Juvenile courts, Department of Youth Services responsible for housing and caring for child ordered to be transferred to custody of Department of Youth Services, Department of Youth Services to reimburse county detention facility for costs incurred under certain circumstances.. Description: Juvenile courts, Department of Youth Services responsible for housing and caring for child ordered to be transferred to custody of Department of Youth Services, Department of Youth Services to reimburse county detention facility for costs incurred under certain circumstances.
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Motor vehicles, maximum weights on state roads further provided. Description: Motor vehicles, maximum weights on state roads further provided
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Marshall County; employees requiring training clarified. Description: Marshall County; employees requiring training clarified
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Mobile County, sheriff, qualifications. Description: Mobile County, sheriff, qualifications
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Semmes, corporate limits altered. Description: Semmes, corporate limits altered
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Public records, procedures established to request and obtain copies of records from state. Description: Public records, procedures established to request and obtain copies of records from state
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: City of Jacksonville, Board of Education, election date revised. Description: City of Jacksonville, Board of Education, election date revised
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Counties, agriculture authorities, authorized to establish and promote agriculture businesses, economic development, and other purposes, power further specified to develop commercial facilities and use revenue for authority's mission. Description: Counties, agriculture authorities, authorized to establish and promote agriculture businesses, economic development, and other purposes, power further specified to develop commercial facilities and use revenue for authority's mission
In 2024, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Public education employees, providing compensation to full-time public education employees, on the job injury program, trust fund, and board created. Description: Public education employees, providing compensation to full-time public education employees, on the job injury program, trust fund, and board created
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to child care and workforce development; to establish the employer tax credit, childcare facility tax credit, and nonprofit childcare provider grant program; to make legislative findings. Description: Relating to child care and workforce development; to establish the employer tax credit, childcare facility tax credit, and nonprofit childcare provider grant program; to make legislative findings
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Financial Institutions; to prohibit financial institutions from using a merchant category code to identify firearms transactions; to prohibit disclosure of financial information regarding firearms transactions. Description: Financial Institutions; to prohibit financial institutions from using a merchant category code to identify firearms transactions; to prohibit disclosure of financial information regarding firearms transactions
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Motor vehicles and traffic; first responders operating upon roadways, distinguished from pedestrians. Description: Motor vehicles and traffic; first responders operating upon roadways, distinguished from pedestrians
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Alabama Film Office, director appointment process revised. Description: Alabama Film Office, director appointment process revised
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Alabama Code of Military Justice. Description: Alabama Code of Military Justice
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Notaries Public, recognize that licensed professionals may notarize documents as part of their profession. Description: Notaries Public, recognize that licensed professionals may notarize documents as part of their profession
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Municipal officials, requires officials to participate in training. Description: Municipal officials, requires officials to participate in training
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Precious Metal Bullion, exchange excludes net gain from gross income,  grants net capital loss deduction from gross income. Description: Precious Metal Bullion, exchange excludes net gain from gross income,  grants net capital loss deduction from gross income
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Legislature; expenditure of funds further provided for; certain employee reimbursement authorized; access to buildings and roads further provided for. Description: Legislature; expenditure of funds further provided for; certain employee reimbursement authorized; access to buildings and roads further provided for
In 2024, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Employees of local boards of education; twelve weeks of paid parental leave following birth of child, placement of child for adoption, miscarriage, or stillbirth provided for; State Board of Education authorized to adopt rules. Description: Employees of local boards of education; twelve weeks of paid parental leave following birth of child, placement of child for adoption, miscarriage, or stillbirth provided for; State Board of Education authorized to adopt rules
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to sales taxes; to provide for the additional state sales tax rate in ABC retail stores.. Description: Relating to sales taxes; to provide for the additional state sales tax rate in ABC retail stores.
In 2024, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Pardons and Paroles Board; allow inmates to participate in parole hearing virtually. Description: Pardons and Paroles Board; allow inmates to participate in parole hearing virtually
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Alabama Rural, Agribusiness, and Opportunity Zone Jobs Act;  certain state matching capital loans authorized, subject to appropriation. Description: Alabama Rural, Agribusiness, and Opportunity Zone Jobs Act;  certain state matching capital loans authorized, subject to appropriation
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Montgomery County; sheriff's office, authorize the use of credit cards. Description: Montgomery County; sheriff's office, authorize the use of credit cards
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Department of Corrections; Deputy Commissioner for Prison Rehabilitation renamed; number of Deputy Commissioners further provided for; additional exempt and unclassified employees created; additional Joint Prison Oversight Committee duties created. Description: Department of Corrections; Deputy Commissioner for Prison Rehabilitation renamed; number of Deputy Commissioners further provided for; additional exempt and unclassified employees created; additional Joint Prison Oversight Committee duties created
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Taxation, counties prohibited from distributing proceeds from certain taxes to certain entities. Description: Taxation, counties prohibited from distributing proceeds from certain taxes to certain entities
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Elections; revise dates for submissions to qualify on ballot. Description: Elections; revise dates for submissions to qualify on ballot
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Capital Improvement Cooperative Districts under Chapter 99B, Title 11, Code of Alabama 1975, amendment of articles of incorporation for new areas, use of funds for construction costs, approval of certain rates and fees. Description: Capital Improvement Cooperative Districts under Chapter 99B, Title 11, Code of Alabama 1975, amendment of articles of incorporation for new areas, use of funds for construction costs, approval of certain rates and fees
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Community development districts, additional criteria for establishment of district on impounded reservoir created by river from wilderness area, sale of alcoholic beverages authorized. Description: Community development districts, additional criteria for establishment of district on impounded reservoir created by river from wilderness area, sale of alcoholic beverages authorized
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Research and Development Corridors; establishment of by counties and Class 1 municipalities as public corporation authorized; provide for the powers of research and development corridors.. Description: Research and Development Corridors; establishment of by counties and Class 1 municipalities as public corporation authorized; provide for the powers of research and development corridors.
In 2024, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Cherokee County, provides for permitting, inspection, operation, and fines for ATV parks. Description: Cherokee County, provides for permitting, inspection, operation, and fines for ATV parks
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: House of Representatives, Senate notified that House is in session and ready to transact business. Description: House of Representatives, Senate notified that House is in session and ready to transact business
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Mrs. Ethel T. Leslie, death mourned. Description: Mrs. Ethel T. Leslie, death mourned
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Cub Scout Pack 8, commended. Description: Cub Scout Pack 8, commended
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Gunnar Henderson, commended. Description: Gunnar Henderson, commended
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Ronald Hicks, death mourned. Description: Ronald Hicks, death mourned
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Hoover High School Indoor Track Program, commended. Description: Hoover High School Indoor Track Program, commended
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Roselynne Marie Logan, death mourned. Description: Roselynne Marie Logan, death mourned
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Easton Fothergill, commended. Description: Easton Fothergill, commended
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Sylvester Hollis, death mourned. Description: Sylvester Hollis, death mourned
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Henrietta Taylor, commended. Description: Henrietta Taylor, commended
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Judge of Probate Earlean Isaac, commended. Description: Judge of Probate Earlean Isaac, commended
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Gene Necklaus, Commending. Description: Gene Necklaus, Commending
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Pro Angler Dustin Connell, commended. Description: Pro Angler Dustin Connell, commended
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Dr. Ora M. Banks-Parker, death mourned. Description: Dr. Ora M. Banks-Parker, death mourned
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Charlie Foster, death mourned. Description: Charlie Foster, death mourned
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Sallie Bell Ephraim McMIllan, death mourned. Description: Sallie Bell Ephraim McMIllan, death mourned
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Gladys Motley Norman, death mourned. Description: Gladys Motley Norman, death mourned
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Dr. Kiki Scott Moore,  death mourned. Description: Dr. Kiki Scott Moore,  death mourned
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Mildred Loretta Curtis Gray, Commending. Description: Mildred Loretta Curtis Gray, Commending
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Edgewood Academy Girls Basketball Team, AISA Class AA State Basketball Championship, commended. Description: Edgewood Academy Girls Basketball Team, AISA Class AA State Basketball Championship, commended
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Edgewood Academy Varsity Volleyball Team, commended. Description: Edgewood Academy Varsity Volleyball Team, commended
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Edgewood Academy Boys Basketball Team, winning AISA Class AA State Tournament, commended. Description: Edgewood Academy Boys Basketball Team, winning AISA Class AA State Tournament, commended
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDAR. Description: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDAR
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority Day, February 27, 2024, recognized. Description: Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority Day, February 27, 2024, recognized
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDAR. Description: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDAR
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Gerald Thomas Sanders, death mourned. Description: Gerald Thomas Sanders, death mourned
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Herbert Palmer, Jr., death mourned. Description: Herbert Palmer, Jr., death mourned
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Alton Woodard,  commended. Description: Alton Woodard,  commended
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority Day, February 27, 2024, recognized. Description: Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority Day, February 27, 2024, recognized
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDAR. Description: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDAR
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Spellman College Glee Club, Celebrating. Description: Spellman College Glee Club, Celebrating
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Mrs. Georgia Mae Lanier, death mourned. Description: Mrs. Georgia Mae Lanier, death mourned
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Mountain Brook High School Dorians, commended. Description: Mountain Brook High School Dorians, commended
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Jerry Hayes, commending. Description: Jerry Hayes, commending
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Belle Casey, commended. Description: Belle Casey, commended
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Daniel Chaplin, commended. Description: Daniel Chaplin, commended
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Essie Holmes Willis, Death Mourned. Description: Essie Holmes Willis, Death Mourned
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: AKA Day at the Capitol, February 27, 2024, recognized. Description: AKA Day at the Capitol, February 27, 2024, recognized
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDAR. Description: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDAR
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Bobby E. Hill,, death mourned. Description: Bobby E. Hill,, death mourned
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Sixth Avenue Baptist Church, commended. Description: Sixth Avenue Baptist Church, commended
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDAR. Description: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDAR
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Mr. Lee Brownell, commended. Description: Mr. Lee Brownell, commended
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDAR. Description: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDAR
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Ambers Hanson, commended. Description: Ambers Hanson, commended
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Tommie Lewis, commended. Description: Tommie Lewis, commended
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Willie Frank Brown, Jr. -  Mourning The Death. Description: Willie Frank Brown, Jr. -  Mourning The Death
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Mountain Brook High School Varsity Wrestling Team, Congratulated. Description: Mountain Brook High School Varsity Wrestling Team, Congratulated
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Chris Dendy, death mourned. Description: Chris Dendy, death mourned
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDAR. Description: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDAR
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Aubrey Evans, commended. Description: Aubrey Evans, commended
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Harry Giddens, death mourned. Description: Harry Giddens, death mourned
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Jasper High School Girls Basketball Team, commended. Description: Jasper High School Girls Basketball Team, commended
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Mrs. Mollie MacLeroy Bearden, Commrnding. Description: Mrs. Mollie MacLeroy Bearden, Commrnding
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Josephine Sawyer McKinney, recipient of Willie and Betty Farrior Family Foundation Community Service Award, commended. Description: Josephine Sawyer McKinney, recipient of Willie and Betty Farrior Family Foundation Community Service Award, commended
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Doug Marshall, Commending. Description: Doug Marshall, Commending
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Johnny Frank McKinney, Willie and Betty Farrior Family Foundation Community Service Award Recipient, commended. Description: Johnny Frank McKinney, Willie and Betty Farrior Family Foundation Community Service Award Recipient, commended
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDAR. Description: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDAR
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Miles College 126th Founders Day, Celebrating. Description: Miles College 126th Founders Day, Celebrating
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Popcorn On Her Retirement, Commending. Description: Popcorn On Her Retirement, Commending
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Layton Pohl, commended. Description: Layton Pohl, commended
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Mrs. Patricia Haddock Woller, Death Mourned. Description: Mrs. Patricia Haddock Woller, Death Mourned
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Monsignor Theodore H. Hay, 100th birthday, celebrated. Description: Monsignor Theodore H. Hay, 100th birthday, celebrated
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDAR. Description: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDAR
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Luther P. Hallmark, commended. Description: Luther P. Hallmark, commended
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Mary Johnson, death mourned. Description: Mary Johnson, death mourned
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Sallie Bell Ephraim McMIllan, death mourned. Description: Sallie Bell Ephraim McMIllan, death mourned
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: James Lee Splawn, death mourned. Description: James Lee Splawn, death mourned
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Chris Blackshear MVP and Scott Stadthagen all on the line performance,  "Battle of Goat Hill," commended. Description: Chris Blackshear MVP and Scott Stadthagen all on the line performance,  "Battle of Goat Hill," commended
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: HR___CELEBRATING THE 13-1 VICTORY BY THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES IN THE 3RD ANNUAL "BATTLE OF GOAT HILL" LEGISLATIVE CHARITY SOFTBALL GAME.. Description: HR___CELEBRATING THE 13-1 VICTORY BY THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES IN THE 3RD ANNUAL "BATTLE OF GOAT HILL" LEGISLATIVE CHARITY SOFTBALL GAME.
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDAR. Description: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDAR
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Melvin Vines, commended. Description: Melvin Vines, commended
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Deacon Will Edmond, death mourned. Description: Deacon Will Edmond, death mourned
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Betty Carolyn Keyes Kelso-Clough, Mourning. Description: Betty Carolyn Keyes Kelso-Clough, Mourning
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Gabe Hixenbaugh, DII Wrestling State Champion, commended. Description: Gabe Hixenbaugh, DII Wrestling State Champion, commended
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Malcolm Thomas, commended. Description: Malcolm Thomas, commended
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Pastor Wendell Davis, 35th anniversary, commended. Description: Pastor Wendell Davis, 35th anniversary, commended
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Deuce Komradz, commended. Description: Deuce Komradz, commended
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Wounded Warriors, honored. Description: Wounded Warriors, honored
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDAR. Description: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDAR
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Pastor Walter Peavy, commended. Description: Pastor Walter Peavy, commended
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Alabama Delta Days, celebrated. Description: Alabama Delta Days, celebrated
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Creekside Academy Robotics Team, commended. Description: Creekside Academy Robotics Team, commended
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Congratulating The University of Alabama men's basketball team for making it to the 2024 NCAA Final Four.. Description: Congratulating The University of Alabama men's basketball team for making it to the 2024 NCAA Final Four.
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: The Honor Foundation and Retired Lieutenant Commander Richard Clifford, commended. Description: The Honor Foundation and Retired Lieutenant Commander Richard Clifford, commended
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Thomas Jacob Fisher, Eagle Scout, commended. Description: Thomas Jacob Fisher, Eagle Scout, commended
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Ider Girls Basketball Team, Commending. Description: Ider Girls Basketball Team, Commending
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Cornerstone Christian Academy Lady Eagles Basketball Team, commended. Description: Cornerstone Christian Academy Lady Eagles Basketball Team, commended
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDAR. Description: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDAR
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Rainsville Police Chief Michael Edmondson, commended. Description: Rainsville Police Chief Michael Edmondson, commended
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Principal Perry Updike, commended. Description: Principal Perry Updike, commended
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Big Oak Ranch, 50 years of service, commended. Description: Big Oak Ranch, 50 years of service, commended
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Jackson High Aggies - Congratulating. Description: Jackson High Aggies - Congratulating
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: HILLCREST HIGH SCHOOL, COMMENDED. Description: HILLCREST HIGH SCHOOL, COMMENDED
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Petroleum & Convenience Marketers of Alabama, 75th Anniversary, commended. Description: Petroleum & Convenience Marketers of Alabama, 75th Anniversary, commended
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Beau Thomas Clark, death mourned. Description: Beau Thomas Clark, death mourned
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Robert D. "Bobby " Timmons, Mourning The Death. Description: Robert D. "Bobby " Timmons, Mourning The Death
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Snead State Community College Basketball Team, commending. Description: Snead State Community College Basketball Team, commending
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Alabama Yom Hashoah Commemoration, May 2, 2024, Recognized. Description: Alabama Yom Hashoah Commemoration, May 2, 2024, Recognized
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDAR. Description: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDAR
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Billy Boyd, death mourned. Description: Billy Boyd, death mourned
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Dr. Cynthia Sellers-Simon, Mourning the Death. Description: Dr. Cynthia Sellers-Simon, Mourning the Death
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Charles Colston, Sr., Mourning The Death. Description: Charles Colston, Sr., Mourning The Death
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Charles "Cecil" Guyton, Jr., Death Mourned. Description: Charles "Cecil" Guyton, Jr., Death Mourned
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Veronica Very, Commending. Description: Veronica Very, Commending
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDAR. Description: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDAR
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Officer Jon Gossett, Alabama Legislative Meritorious Service Award recipient, commended. Description: Officer Jon Gossett, Alabama Legislative Meritorious Service Award recipient, commended
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Lieutenant Mike House, Alabama Legislative Meritorious Service Award recipient, commended. Description: Lieutenant Mike House, Alabama Legislative Meritorious Service Award recipient, commended
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Sheriff Heath Jackson, Alabama Legislative Meritorious Service Award recipient, commended. Description: Sheriff Heath Jackson, Alabama Legislative Meritorious Service Award recipient, commended
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Senior Trooper Spencer Adkinson, Alabama Legislative Meritorious Service Award recipient, commended. Description: Senior Trooper Spencer Adkinson, Alabama Legislative Meritorious Service Award recipient, commended
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Deputy Christopher Todd, Alabama Legislative Meritorious Service Award recipient, commended. Description: Deputy Christopher Todd, Alabama Legislative Meritorious Service Award recipient, commended
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Senior Trooper Christopher Carlton, Legislative Meritorious Service Award for Law Enforcement recipient, commended. Description: Senior Trooper Christopher Carlton, Legislative Meritorious Service Award for Law Enforcement recipient, commended
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Corporal Jeremy Alford, Legislative Law Enforcement Medal of Honor, commended. Description: Corporal Jeremy Alford, Legislative Law Enforcement Medal of Honor, commended
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Officer Garrett Crumby, Alabama Legislative Medal of Honor recipient, commended. Description: Officer Garrett Crumby, Alabama Legislative Medal of Honor recipient, commended
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Officer Albert Morin, Alabama Legislative Medal of Honor recipient, commended. Description: Officer Albert Morin, Alabama Legislative Medal of Honor recipient, commended
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Deputy Deonte Washington, Legislative Meritorious Service Award for Law Enforcement recipient, commended. Description: Deputy Deonte Washington, Legislative Meritorious Service Award for Law Enforcement recipient, commended
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Apostle Cleveland Smith, death mourned. Description: Apostle Cleveland Smith, death mourned
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDER. Description: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDER
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDAR. Description: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDAR
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Daughter of Zion Ministries, Incorporated, commended. Description: Daughter of Zion Ministries, Incorporated, commended
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: John Minter, commended. Description: John Minter, commended
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Calvin Elder, death mourned. Description: Calvin Elder, death mourned
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDAR. Description: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDAR
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: 77th Southern Legislative Conference of the Council of State Governments Southern Office, commemorative resolution. Description: 77th Southern Legislative Conference of the Council of State Governments Southern Office, commemorative resolution
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Mrs. Cheryl Miller, Commending. Description: Mrs. Cheryl Miller, Commending
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Allen E. Owen III, Board of Trustee Emeritus, recognized. Description: Allen E. Owen III, Board of Trustee Emeritus, recognized
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Dr. Jack Hawkins, Jr., commended. Description: Dr. Jack Hawkins, Jr., commended
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDAR. Description: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDAR
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: La'Tonya Wilson, Commending. Description: La'Tonya Wilson, Commending
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Mulberry Medical Associates, Celebrating. Description: Mulberry Medical Associates, Celebrating
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Quintus Cephus Ward, Celebrating The Life. Description: Quintus Cephus Ward, Celebrating The Life
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Lindsey Greer, Recognizing. Description: Lindsey Greer, Recognizing
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDAR. Description: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDAR
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Representative Travis Hendrix, commended. Description: Representative Travis Hendrix, commended
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Murphy High School 50th Reunion, recognized. Description: Murphy High School 50th Reunion, recognized
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Murray Levine, death mourned. Description: Murray Levine, death mourned
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Thomas Gary Ward, commended. Description: Thomas Gary Ward, commended
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Pfc. Noah C. Reeves, commended. Description: Pfc. Noah C. Reeves, commended
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Mentile B. Forte, Mourning. Description: Mentile B. Forte, Mourning
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDAR. Description: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDAR
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Alpha Phi Alpha Day, April 30, 2024, Recognized. Description: Alpha Phi Alpha Day, April 30, 2024, Recognized
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDAR. Description: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDAR
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDAR. Description: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDAR
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Missy Odom, Class 5A Player of the Year, commended. Description: Missy Odom, Class 5A Player of the Year, commended
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Frances Cathleen Davis, 100th Birthday, celebrated. Description: Frances Cathleen Davis, 100th Birthday, celebrated
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Barbara Patterson, retirement, commended. Description: Barbara Patterson, retirement, commended
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Gold Medal Winners, SkillsUSA, commended. Description: Gold Medal Winners, SkillsUSA, commended
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Catherine King, Fairhoper of the Year 2024, commended. Description: Catherine King, Fairhoper of the Year 2024, commended
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDAR. Description: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDAR
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Eddye Louise Glover Sanderson, death mourned. Description: Eddye Louise Glover Sanderson, death mourned
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDAR. Description: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDAR
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Coach Charlotte Dollar, commended. Description: Coach Charlotte Dollar, commended
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Major General Jerome Gary Cooper, death mourned. Description: Major General Jerome Gary Cooper, death mourned
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: St. John's Evangelical Protestant Church, commended. Description: St. John's Evangelical Protestant Church, commended
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Anita Whitlock, retirement, commended. Description: Anita Whitlock, retirement, commended
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Lester Memorial Methodist Church- Commending. Description: Lester Memorial Methodist Church- Commending
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Former Representative Mary Sue McClurkin, commended. Description: Former Representative Mary Sue McClurkin, commended
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDAR. Description: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDAR
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Alice Pack, commended. Description: Alice Pack, commended
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Dr. Prasada Rao Kakani, Mourning The Death. Description: Dr. Prasada Rao Kakani, Mourning The Death
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Robert Prince, death mourned. Description: Robert Prince, death mourned
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDAR. Description: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDAR
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Memorial Day, observed. Description: Memorial Day, observed
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Gold Medal Winners, SkillsUSA, Dekalb County Technology Center, commended. Description: Gold Medal Winners, SkillsUSA, Dekalb County Technology Center, commended
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Wanda Campbell Fryer, death mourned. Description: Wanda Campbell Fryer, death mourned
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Clayton Davis, death mourned. Description: Clayton Davis, death mourned
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Katie Wilkerson, commended. Description: Katie Wilkerson, commended
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Zaria Parker, commended. Description: Zaria Parker, commended
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Sandy Parker, commended. Description: Sandy Parker, commended
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Zoe Holder, SkillsUSA, commended. Description: Zoe Holder, SkillsUSA, commended
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Cecil Ingram, death mourned. Description: Cecil Ingram, death mourned
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: 2024 Alabama Law Institute House Interns, Commended. Description: 2024 Alabama Law Institute House Interns, Commended
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Hamilton High School Boys Track and Field team, commended. Description: Hamilton High School Boys Track and Field team, commended
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Dr. Julia Sullivan Nelson, Commending. Description: Dr. Julia Sullivan Nelson, Commending
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Sue Bracknell, commended. Description: Sue Bracknell, commended
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDAR. Description: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDAR
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Gavin Bernard Martin, Morehouse College, commended. Description: Gavin Bernard Martin, Morehouse College, commended
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Coach Charles Chucky Miller, commended. Description: Coach Charles Chucky Miller, commended
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Lillian D. Slay,  death mourned. Description: Lillian D. Slay,  death mourned
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Marion County High School Girls Track and Field team, commended. Description: Marion County High School Girls Track and Field team, commended
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Eastern Shore Chamber of Commerce, commended. Description: Eastern Shore Chamber of Commerce, commended
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Leila Hubbard. Description: Leila Hubbard
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Michael Wallace, commended. Description: Michael Wallace, commended
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Graham L. Champion, commended. Description: Graham L. Champion, commended
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: James Clemens High School, recognized. Description: James Clemens High School, recognized
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Dr. Julia Sullivan Nelson, Commending. Description: Dr. Julia Sullivan Nelson, Commending
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: 2024 Shroud Award,  designated. Description: 2024 Shroud Award,  designated
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Hollis Isbell, 2024 Auburn University College of Agriculture Hall of Honor inductee, commended. Description: Hollis Isbell, 2024 Auburn University College of Agriculture Hall of Honor inductee, commended
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: McGill Toolen Catholic High School Volleyball Team, Commending. Description: McGill Toolen Catholic High School Volleyball Team, Commending
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Gunnar Henderson, commended. Description: Gunnar Henderson, commended
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Colorectal Cancer Awareness Month, recognized. Description: Colorectal Cancer Awareness Month, recognized
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Kate Wood, commended. Description: Kate Wood, commended
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Joint Interim Commission on Grandparents Raising Grandchildren, extended. Description: Joint Interim Commission on Grandparents Raising Grandchildren, extended
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: COMMENDING MR. WILL REICHARD. Description: COMMENDING MR. WILL REICHARD
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Oversight Commission on Alabama Opioid Settlement Funds, membership revised, Act 2023-383, HJR 204, amended and reenacted. Description: Oversight Commission on Alabama Opioid Settlement Funds, membership revised, Act 2023-383, HJR 204, amended and reenacted
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: HJR Commending Coach Saban. Description: HJR Commending Coach Saban
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Crisis at the border, acknowledged. Description: Crisis at the border, acknowledged
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Easton Fothergill, commended. Description: Easton Fothergill, commended
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Agricultural Equipment Manufacturers for Right-to-Repair Initiatives, recognized. Description: Agricultural Equipment Manufacturers for Right-to-Repair Initiatives, recognized
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: David Cook, bridge named. Description: David Cook, bridge named
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Finis St. John IV, commended. Description: Finis St. John IV, commended
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Raymond Gregg Hodges, death mourned. Description: Raymond Gregg Hodges, death mourned
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Glenwood Lady Gators Basketball Team, commended. Description: Glenwood Lady Gators Basketball Team, commended
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Jimmy  Jones, Hall of Fame. Description: Jimmy  Jones, Hall of Fame
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Jimmy Jones, commended. Description: Jimmy Jones, commended
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Agent Billy Clardy III Memorial Mile,  named. Description: Agent Billy Clardy III Memorial Mile,  named
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Proclaiming Space Day in Alabama. Description: Proclaiming Space Day in Alabama
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: House joint rule amended; fiscal note to identify bills that will increase certain combined local expenditures in order to implement. Description: House joint rule amended; fiscal note to identify bills that will increase certain combined local expenditures in order to implement
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Emma Robinson, 110th Birthday, commended. Description: Emma Robinson, 110th Birthday, commended
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Central High School Football Team, commended. Description: Central High School Football Team, commended
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Adam Russell and Marc Gann, bridge named. Description: Adam Russell and Marc Gann, bridge named
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: James Alvin "Jim" Littleton, death mourned. Description: James Alvin "Jim" Littleton, death mourned
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Captain Marion Bullock, commended. Description: Captain Marion Bullock, commended
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Coach Carvel William Rowell, Jr., Commended. Description: Coach Carvel William Rowell, Jr., Commended
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: State entities, encouraged to hire and advance individuals with disabilities. Description: State entities, encouraged to hire and advance individuals with disabilities
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Joe R. Carothers Highway,  named. Description: Joe R. Carothers Highway,  named
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Great Alabama 650 Race Winners, commended. Description: Great Alabama 650 Race Winners, commended
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Lieutenant Mark Sloane, Commending. Description: Lieutenant Mark Sloane, Commending
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: United States Government, urges to disassociate with World Health Organization. Description: United States Government, urges to disassociate with World Health Organization
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Alabama Delta Days, celebrated. Description: Alabama Delta Days, celebrated
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Murphy High School, Hi-Q Team, commended. Description: Murphy High School, Hi-Q Team, commended
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Zach Booth, commending. Description: Zach Booth, commending
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Arley - Smith Lake Parkway,  named. Description: Arley - Smith Lake Parkway,  named
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Commending Taiwan for its relations with the United States and the State of Alabama. Description: Commending Taiwan for its relations with the United States and the State of Alabama
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Joint Session on April 2, 2024, Military Appreciation Day. Description: Joint Session on April 2, 2024, Military Appreciation Day
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Lieutenant General A.C. Roper, Commending. Description: Lieutenant General A.C. Roper, Commending
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: The Honor Foundation and Retired Lieutenant Commander Richard Clifford, commended. Description: The Honor Foundation and Retired Lieutenant Commander Richard Clifford, commended
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Belle Casey, commended. Description: Belle Casey, commended
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Gabe Hixenbaugh, DII Wrestling State Champion, commended. Description: Gabe Hixenbaugh, DII Wrestling State Champion, commended
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Chief Buddy Crabtree, highway named. Description: Chief Buddy Crabtree, highway named
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Miles College Lady Bears Basketball Team, commending. Description: Miles College Lady Bears Basketball Team, commending
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Pro Angler Dustin Connell, commended. Description: Pro Angler Dustin Connell, commended
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Joint Session on April 18, 2024, Law Enforcement Medal of Honor. Description: Joint Session on April 18, 2024, Law Enforcement Medal of Honor
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Robert D. "Bobby " Timmons, Mourning The Death. Description: Robert D. "Bobby " Timmons, Mourning The Death
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Mike Kolen, death mourned. Description: Mike Kolen, death mourned
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Commending Taiwan For Its Relations With The  United States and The State of Alabama. Description: Commending Taiwan For Its Relations With The  United States and The State of Alabama
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Good Hope High School, 4A Girls Basketball State Championship, commended. Description: Good Hope High School, 4A Girls Basketball State Championship, commended
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Ayden Nguyen, winner 2024 Alabama Spelling Bee, commended. Description: Ayden Nguyen, winner 2024 Alabama Spelling Bee, commended
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Kappa Alpha Psi Fraternity, Incorporated, Day, Recognized. Description: Kappa Alpha Psi Fraternity, Incorporated, Day, Recognized
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: APOL1-Mediated Kidney Disease Awareness Day; last Tuesday of each April, recognized. Description: APOL1-Mediated Kidney Disease Awareness Day; last Tuesday of each April, recognized
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Dr. Cynthia Sellers-Simon, Mourning the Death. Description: Dr. Cynthia Sellers-Simon, Mourning the Death
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Omega Psi Phi Fraternity Day, recognized. Description: Omega Psi Phi Fraternity Day, recognized
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: George Hudson Place, commended. Description: George Hudson Place, commended
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Delaney Zimlich, commending. Description: Delaney Zimlich, commending
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Alabama Portable Benefits Task Force, created. Description: Alabama Portable Benefits Task Force, created
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Alabama Yom Hashoah Commemoration, May 7, 2024, Recognized. Description: Alabama Yom Hashoah Commemoration, May 7, 2024, Recognized
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Save Our Shrimpers Act, Supported. Description: Save Our Shrimpers Act, Supported
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Dr. William Patrick Taylor, commended. Description: Dr. William Patrick Taylor, commended
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Warren Lee Helms, death mourned. Description: Warren Lee Helms, death mourned
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Expressing support for the Iranian people and condemning human rights violations. Description: Expressing support for the Iranian people and condemning human rights violations
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Cigar Box Guitar Day, recognized. Description: Cigar Box Guitar Day, recognized
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Legislature to study modernizing K-12 education school funding. Description: Legislature to study modernizing K-12 education school funding
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Urging the State of Alabama Personnel Department to Conduct a Study of State Trooper Pay. Description: Urging the State of Alabama Personnel Department to Conduct a Study of State Trooper Pay
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Mulberry Medical Associates, Celebrating. Description: Mulberry Medical Associates, Celebrating
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Madeline Cooper, commending. Description: Madeline Cooper, commending
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Recognizing the positive approach and best practices of the crisis intervention team program and encouraging the development of active programs statewide.. Description: Recognizing the positive approach and best practices of the crisis intervention team program and encouraging the development of active programs statewide.
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Mr. Allen Gillespie, commended. Description: Mr. Allen Gillespie, commended
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Joe Faust, road named. Description: Joe Faust, road named
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Dr. Charlotte P. Morris, retirement, commended. Description: Dr. Charlotte P. Morris, retirement, commended
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Suellen Brill Brazil, commended. Description: Suellen Brill Brazil, commended
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Alabama-Israel Legislative Caucus, recognizing. Description: Alabama-Israel Legislative Caucus, recognizing
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Resolution directing LSA to hire national ethics expert.. Description: Resolution directing LSA to hire national ethics expert.
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Joint Interim Study Commission, established. Description: Joint Interim Study Commission, established
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Alabama Coastal Insurance Joint Interim Study Commission, created. Description: Alabama Coastal Insurance Joint Interim Study Commission, created
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Gunnar Henderson, commended. Description: Gunnar Henderson, commended
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Joint Interim Study Commission on Responsible Technology Purchases by Public Education, created. Description: Joint Interim Study Commission on Responsible Technology Purchases by Public Education, created
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Pryce Holcombe, commended. Description: Pryce Holcombe, commended
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: George Clark, commended. Description: George Clark, commended
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Nicholas Dunlap, PGA Tour, commended. Description: Nicholas Dunlap, PGA Tour, commended
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Nick Saban, commended. Description: Nick Saban, commended
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Judge John Lawrence Carroll, death mourned. Description: Judge John Lawrence Carroll, death mourned
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Fanconi Anemia Awareness Month, recognized. Description: Fanconi Anemia Awareness Month, recognized
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Jackie Graham, commended. Description: Jackie Graham, commended
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Ruby Merle Stringfellow, bridge named. Description: Ruby Merle Stringfellow, bridge named
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: William Dudley Melton, death mourned. Description: William Dudley Melton, death mourned
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: The National Conference of State Legislators, commended. Description: The National Conference of State Legislators, commended
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Trade, establish commission with the Republic of Ireland. Description: Trade, establish commission with the Republic of Ireland
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Captain Marisa Lee Futral, mourned. Description: Captain Marisa Lee Futral, mourned
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Alabama's 2023 Export Record, Commending. Description: Alabama's 2023 Export Record, Commending
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Affirming Israel as a Sovereign Nation. Description: Affirming Israel as a Sovereign Nation
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Jasper High School Girls Basketball Team, commended. Description: Jasper High School Girls Basketball Team, commended
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Dr. James Andrews, Commending. Description: Dr. James Andrews, Commending
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Ronald Reagan Day, recognized. Description: Ronald Reagan Day, recognized
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Chris Dendy, death mourned. Description: Chris Dendy, death mourned
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Bobby Sprowl, commended. Description: Bobby Sprowl, commended
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Alabama Delta Days, March 21, 2024, celebrated. Description: Alabama Delta Days, March 21, 2024, celebrated
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: National Space Exploration Day, Observed. Description: National Space Exploration Day, Observed
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Alabama Writer's Forum, commending. Description: Alabama Writer's Forum, commending
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Access to colorectal cancer screening for all Alabamians on Medicaid, encouraged. Description: Access to colorectal cancer screening for all Alabamians on Medicaid, encouraged
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: State Employee and Education Employee Health Insurance Joint Interim Study Commission created. Description: State Employee and Education Employee Health Insurance Joint Interim Study Commission created
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Alabama Opioid Overdose and Addiction Council continued. Description: Alabama Opioid Overdose and Addiction Council continued
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Barry Dewayne Matson, Commending. Description: Barry Dewayne Matson, Commending
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Providence Baptist Church, 140th Anniversary, celebrated. Description: Providence Baptist Church, 140th Anniversary, celebrated
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: The University of Alabama men's basketball team for making it to the 2024 NCAA Final Four, commended. Description: The University of Alabama men's basketball team for making it to the 2024 NCAA Final Four, commended
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Ray Steven "Coach" Deavours, Sr., death mourned. Description: Ray Steven "Coach" Deavours, Sr., death mourned
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Harmon Robison, highway named. Description: Harmon Robison, highway named
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Alabama Blockchain Study Commission, established. Description: Alabama Blockchain Study Commission, established
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: William Bill Stuckey, bridge named. Description: William Bill Stuckey, bridge named
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Legislature to study modernizing K-12 education school funding. Description: Legislature to study modernizing K-12 education school funding
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Brigadier General Kenneth Reed, commended. Description: Brigadier General Kenneth Reed, commended
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: William Edward Cowden, 100th Birthday, celebrated. Description: William Edward Cowden, 100th Birthday, celebrated
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Steve Sloan, death mourned. Description: Steve Sloan, death mourned
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Dr. Peter M. Dichiara, commended. Description: Dr. Peter M. Dichiara, commended
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Kate Griffin, 2023-2024 AISA Student-Athlete Award winner, commended. Description: Kate Griffin, 2023-2024 AISA Student-Athlete Award winner, commended
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Anna Grace Blalock, 2023-2024 AISA Student-Athlete Award winner, commended. Description: Anna Grace Blalock, 2023-2024 AISA Student-Athlete Award winner, commended
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Drew Stutts, Coach of the Year, commended. Description: Drew Stutts, Coach of the Year, commended
In 2024, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: The Alabama Coastal Insurance Joint Interim Study Commission, created. Description: The Alabama Coastal Insurance Joint Interim Study Commission, created
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Mars Hill Bible School Boys Basketball Team, Class 2A State Champions, Commending. Description: Mars Hill Bible School Boys Basketball Team, Class 2A State Champions, Commending
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Mental Health Awareness Month, designating. Description: Mental Health Awareness Month, designating
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Fred Hunter, retirement, commended. Description: Fred Hunter, retirement, commended
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Tick-Borne Disease and Illness Awareness Month, Proclaiming. Description: Tick-Borne Disease and Illness Awareness Month, Proclaiming
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Designating August 8, 2024, as Day of Clogging. Description: Designating August 8, 2024, as Day of Clogging
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Cecil Ingram, death mourned. Description: Cecil Ingram, death mourned
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Mike Murphy, commended. Description: Mike Murphy, commended
In 2024, Alabama passed a bill titled: Charlie Luker, death mourned. Description: Charlie Luker, death mourned
In 2023, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Proposing to amend Section 71.01 of the Constitution of Alabama of 2022, to authorize the Legislature to sign and transmit local laws or local constitutional amendments before the transmission of basic appropriations.. Description: Proposing to amend Section 71.01 of the Constitution of Alabama of 2022, to authorize the Legislature to sign and transmit local laws or local constitutional amendments before the transmission of basic appropriations.
In 2023, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: To amend Section 17-14-70, Code of Alabama 1975, to provide for the reapportionment and redistricting of the state's United States Congressional districts for the purpose of electing members at the General Election in 2024 and thereafter, until the release of the next federal census.. Description: To amend Section 17-14-70, Code of Alabama 1975, to provide for the reapportionment and redistricting of the state's United States Congressional districts for the purpose of electing members at the General Election in 2024 and thereafter, until the release of the next federal census.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Woods, Larry Waits, death mourned. Description: Woods, Larry Waits, death mourned
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Proposing to amend Section 71.01 of the Constitution of Alabama of 2022, to authorize the Legislature to sign and transmit local laws or constitutional amendments before the transmission of basic appropriations.. Description: Proposing to amend Section 71.01 of the Constitution of Alabama of 2022, to authorize the Legislature to sign and transmit local laws or constitutional amendments before the transmission of basic appropriations.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to the Employees' Retirement System; to amend Section 36-27-8.2, Code of Alabama 1975, as last amended by Act 2023-334 of the 2023 Regular Session, to temporarily permit certain retired state police officers performing duties as school resource officers or as correctional officers to serve without suspension of their retirement allowance.. Description: Relating to the Employees' Retirement System; to amend Section 36-27-8.2, Code of Alabama 1975, as last amended by Act 2023-334 of the 2023 Regular Session, to temporarily permit certain retired state police officers performing duties as school resource officers or as correctional officers to serve without suspension of their retirement allowance.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: To amend Section 17-14-70, Code of Alabama 1975, to provide for the reapportionment and redistricting of the state's United States Congressional districts for the purpose of electing members at the General Election in 2024 and thereafter, until the release of the next federal census; and to add Section 17-40-70.1 to the Code of Alabama 1975, to provide legislative findings.. Description: To amend Section 17-14-70, Code of Alabama 1975, to provide for the reapportionment and redistricting of the state's United States Congressional districts for the purpose of electing members at the General Election in 2024 and thereafter, until the release of the next federal census; and to add Section 17-40-70.1 to the Code of Alabama 1975, to provide legislative findings.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: NOTIFYING THE SENATE OF THE CONVENING OF THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.. Description: NOTIFYING THE SENATE OF THE CONVENING OF THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: CELEBRATING THE LIFE OF REVEREND FREDERICK G. OUTLAW.. Description: CELEBRATING THE LIFE OF REVEREND FREDERICK G. OUTLAW.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: MOURNING THE DEATH AND CELEBRATING THE LIFE OF REVEREND LARRY JEROME KIDD.. Description: MOURNING THE DEATH AND CELEBRATING THE LIFE OF REVEREND LARRY JEROME KIDD.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: NOTIFYING THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES OF THE CONVENING OF THE SENATE.. Description: NOTIFYING THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES OF THE CONVENING OF THE SENATE.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDAR. Description: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDAR
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDAR. Description: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDAR
In 2023, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: COMMITTEE APPOINTED TO NOTIFY GOVERNOR THAT THE LEGISLATURE IS IN SPECIAL SESSION.. Description: COMMITTEE APPOINTED TO NOTIFY GOVERNOR THAT THE LEGISLATURE IS IN SPECIAL SESSION.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: COMMENDING OAK MOUNTAIN MIDDLE SCHOOL ON THE OCCASION OF ITS 30TH ANNIVERSARY AND CONGRATULATING DR. LARRY HAYNES ON THE OCCASION OF HIS RETIREMENT.. Description: COMMENDING OAK MOUNTAIN MIDDLE SCHOOL ON THE OCCASION OF ITS 30TH ANNIVERSARY AND CONGRATULATING DR. LARRY HAYNES ON THE OCCASION OF HIS RETIREMENT.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: COMMENDING GEOLOGICAL SURVEY OF ALABAMA ON ITS 175 YEARS OF OUTSTANDING SERVICE TO THE STATE OF ALABAMA.. Description: COMMENDING GEOLOGICAL SURVEY OF ALABAMA ON ITS 175 YEARS OF OUTSTANDING SERVICE TO THE STATE OF ALABAMA.
In 2023, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: COMMITTEE APPOINTED TO NOTIFY GOVERNOR THAT THE LEGISLATURE IS IN SPECIAL SESSION.. Description: COMMITTEE APPOINTED TO NOTIFY GOVERNOR THAT THE LEGISLATURE IS IN SPECIAL SESSION.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: ESTABLISHING THE JOINT STUDY COMMISSION ON ADVANCED AIR MOBILITY.. Description: ESTABLISHING THE JOINT STUDY COMMISSION ON ADVANCED AIR MOBILITY.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: RECOGNIZING SEPTEMBER 17, 2023, AS HANK WILLIAMS DAY.. Description: RECOGNIZING SEPTEMBER 17, 2023, AS HANK WILLIAMS DAY.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: COMMENDING GEOLOGICAL SURVEY OF ALABAMA ON ITS 175 YEARS OF OUTSTANDING SERVICE TO THE STATE OF ALABAMA.. Description: COMMENDING GEOLOGICAL SURVEY OF ALABAMA ON ITS 175 YEARS OF OUTSTANDING SERVICE TO THE STATE OF ALABAMA.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: To make supplemental appropriations from the American Rescue Plan Act - Coronavirus State Fiscal Recovery Fund for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2023.. Description: To make supplemental appropriations from the American Rescue Plan Act - Coronavirus State Fiscal Recovery Fund for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2023.
In 2023, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: To make a supplemental appropriation from the State General Fund to the Alabama Trust Fund in the amount of $59,997,772 for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2023.. Description: To make a supplemental appropriation from the State General Fund to the Alabama Trust Fund in the amount of $59,997,772 for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2023.
In 2023, Alabama enrolled a bill titled: To make a supplemental appropriation from the State General Fund to the Alabama Trust Fund in the amount of $59,997,772 for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2023.. Description: To make a supplemental appropriation from the State General Fund to the Alabama Trust Fund in the amount of $59,997,772 for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2023.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: NOTIFYING THE SENATE OF THE CONVENING OF THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.. Description: NOTIFYING THE SENATE OF THE CONVENING OF THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Not Available. Description: Not Available
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: NOTIFYING THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES OF THE CONVENING OF THE SENATE.. Description: NOTIFYING THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES OF THE CONVENING OF THE SENATE.
In 2023, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: COMMITTEE APPOINTED TO NOTIFY GOVERNOR THAT THE LEGISLATURE IS IN SPECIAL SESSION.. Description: COMMITTEE APPOINTED TO NOTIFY GOVERNOR THAT THE LEGISLATURE IS IN SPECIAL SESSION.
In 2023, Alabama enrolled a bill titled: DESIGNATING A JOINT SESSION TO HONOR THE HONORABLE UNITED STATES SENATOR RICHARD SHELBY.. Description: DESIGNATING A JOINT SESSION TO HONOR THE HONORABLE UNITED STATES SENATOR RICHARD SHELBY.
In 2023, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Not Available. Description: Not Available
In 2023, Alabama enrolled a bill titled: CELEBRATING THE LIFE OF MR. JAMES WINFREY WILSON III.. Description: CELEBRATING THE LIFE OF MR. JAMES WINFREY WILSON III.
In 2023, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: COMMITTEE APPOINTED TO NOTIFY GOVERNOR THAT THE LEGISLATURE IS IN SPECIAL SESSION.. Description: COMMITTEE APPOINTED TO NOTIFY GOVERNOR THAT THE LEGISLATURE IS IN SPECIAL SESSION.
In 2023, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: DESIGNATING A JOINT SESSION TO HONOR THE HONORABLE UNITED STATES SENATOR RICHARD SHELBY.. Description: DESIGNATING A JOINT SESSION TO HONOR THE HONORABLE UNITED STATES SENATOR RICHARD SHELBY.
In 2023, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: DESIGNATING THE BRIDGE ON MCFARLAND BOULEVARD THAT SPANS INTERSTATE 20 AND INTERSTATE 59 AS THE LUTHER STANCEL PATE III MEMORIAL BRIDGE.. Description: DESIGNATING THE BRIDGE ON MCFARLAND BOULEVARD THAT SPANS INTERSTATE 20 AND INTERSTATE 59 AS THE LUTHER STANCEL PATE III MEMORIAL BRIDGE.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to controlled substances; to amend Section 13A-12-231, Code of Alabama 1975; to add mandatory minimums for certain felony drug trafficking crimes; to provide for additional penalties for subsequent offenses; and in connection therewith would have as its purpose or effect the requirement of a new or increased expenditure of local funds within the meaning of Section 111.05 of the Constitution of Alabama of 2022.. Description: Relating to controlled substances; to amend Section 13A-12-231, Code of Alabama 1975; to add mandatory minimums for certain felony drug trafficking crimes; to provide for additional penalties for subsequent offenses; and in connection therewith would have as its purpose or effect the requirement of a new or increased expenditure of local funds within the meaning of Section 111.05 of the Constitution of Alabama of 2022.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to crimes and offenses; to prohibit smoking or vaping in a motor vehicle when a child is present; to provide penalties; and in connection therewith would have as its purpose or effect the requirement of a new or increased expenditure of local funds within the meaning of Amendment 621 of the Constitution of Alabama of 1901, as amended by Amendment 890, now appearing as Section 111.05 of the Official Recompilation of the Constitution of Alabama of 1901, as amended.. Description: Relating to crimes and offenses; to prohibit smoking or vaping in a motor vehicle when a child is present; to provide penalties; and in connection therewith would have as its purpose or effect the requirement of a new or increased expenditure of local funds within the meaning of Amendment 621 of the Constitution of Alabama of 1901, as amended by Amendment 890, now appearing as Section 111.05 of the Official Recompilation of the Constitution of Alabama of 1901, as amended.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to crimes and offenses; to make it unlawful for individuals to require another individual to be implanted with a microchip; to provide criminal penalties; and in connection therewith would have as its purpose or effect the requirement of a new or increased expenditure of local funds within the meaning of Section 111.05 of the Constitution of Alabama of 2022.. Description: Relating to crimes and offenses; to make it unlawful for individuals to require another individual to be implanted with a microchip; to provide criminal penalties; and in connection therewith would have as its purpose or effect the requirement of a new or increased expenditure of local funds within the meaning of Section 111.05 of the Constitution of Alabama of 2022.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to parental rights; to establish legislative findings relating to the fundamental rights of parents; and to provide that the government may not burden certain fundamental rights of parents.. Description: Relating to parental rights; to establish legislative findings relating to the fundamental rights of parents; and to provide that the government may not burden certain fundamental rights of parents.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to the Alabama Electronic Security Board of Licensure; to amend Section 34-1A-5 of the Code of Alabama 1975, to further provide for the display of licensing information in advertising by licensees of the board.. Description: Relating to the Alabama Electronic Security Board of Licensure; to amend Section 34-1A-5 of the Code of Alabama 1975, to further provide for the display of licensing information in advertising by licensees of the board.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to building codes; to provide a limited exemption to applicable building codes for certain nonprofit veterans' organizations that acquire certain buildings under certain conditions.. Description: Relating to building codes; to provide a limited exemption to applicable building codes for certain nonprofit veterans' organizations that acquire certain buildings under certain conditions.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to municipalities; to amend Section 11-45-9.1, Code of Alabama 1975, to provide that all municipalities may authorize a law enforcement officer to issue a summons and complaint in lieu of a custodial arrest for certain criminal offenses.. Description: Relating to municipalities; to amend Section 11-45-9.1, Code of Alabama 1975, to provide that all municipalities may authorize a law enforcement officer to issue a summons and complaint in lieu of a custodial arrest for certain criminal offenses.
In 2023, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: COMMITTEE APPOINTED TO ESCORT GOVERNOR TO JOINT SESSION OF THE LEGISLATURE.. Description: COMMITTEE APPOINTED TO ESCORT GOVERNOR TO JOINT SESSION OF THE LEGISLATURE.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to criminal procedure; to require law enforcement agencies and the Alabama Department of Forensic Sciences to submit an annual report containing certain data regarding sexual assault cases to the Alabama State Law Enforcement Agency; and to require the Alabama State Law Enforcement Agency to submit an annual report containing certain data regarding sexual assault cases to the Chairs of the House and Senate Judiciary Committees.. Description: Relating to criminal procedure; to require law enforcement agencies and the Alabama Department of Forensic Sciences to submit an annual report containing certain data regarding sexual assault cases to the Alabama State Law Enforcement Agency; and to require the Alabama State Law Enforcement Agency to submit an annual report containing certain data regarding sexual assault cases to the Chairs of the House and Senate Judiciary Committees.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to volunteer fire departments and volunteer rescue squads; to make legislative findings that volunteer fire departments and volunteer rescue squads fulfill a public purpose; to authorize volunteer fire departments and volunteer rescue squads to purchase kitchen equipment and supplies for their stations; to authorize a tax credit for mileage to firefighters and squad members; and to specify that county commissions are not responsible for the expenditures and activities of volunteer fire departments and volunteer rescue squads.. Description: Relating to volunteer fire departments and volunteer rescue squads; to make legislative findings that volunteer fire departments and volunteer rescue squads fulfill a public purpose; to authorize volunteer fire departments and volunteer rescue squads to purchase kitchen equipment and supplies for their stations; to authorize a tax credit for mileage to firefighters and squad members; and to specify that county commissions are not responsible for the expenditures and activities of volunteer fire departments and volunteer rescue squads.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to crimes and offenses; to amend Sections 13A-11-9 and 32-5A-216, Code of Alabama 1975, to prohibit an individual from loitering on a public roadway maintained by the state; or in the right-of-way of a public roadway maintained by the state; to provide criminal penalties for violations; and in connection therewith would have as its purpose or effect the requirement of a new or increased expenditure of local funds within the meaning of Section 111.05 of the Constitution of Alabama 2022.. Description: Relating to crimes and offenses; to amend Sections 13A-11-9 and 32-5A-216, Code of Alabama 1975, to prohibit an individual from loitering on a public roadway maintained by the state; or in the right-of-way of a public roadway maintained by the state; to provide criminal penalties for violations; and in connection therewith would have as its purpose or effect the requirement of a new or increased expenditure of local funds within the meaning of Section 111.05 of the Constitution of Alabama 2022.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: To amend Section 17-3-8, Code of Alabama 1975, as last amended by Act 2022-112 of the 2022 Regular Session, relating to meeting days of boards of registrars; to increase the number of working days that the Blount County Board of Registrars may meet each week.. Description: To amend Section 17-3-8, Code of Alabama 1975, as last amended by Act 2022-112 of the 2022 Regular Session, relating to meeting days of boards of registrars; to increase the number of working days that the Blount County Board of Registrars may meet each week.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to motor vehicles; to prohibit certain motor vehicle speed contests, motor vehicle exhibitions of speed, and motor vehicle sideshows; to provide criminal penalties for a violation; and in connection therewith would have as its purpose or effect the requirement of a new or increased expenditure of local funds within the meaning of Section 111.05 of the Constitution of Alabama of 2022.. Description: Relating to motor vehicles; to prohibit certain motor vehicle speed contests, motor vehicle exhibitions of speed, and motor vehicle sideshows; to provide criminal penalties for a violation; and in connection therewith would have as its purpose or effect the requirement of a new or increased expenditure of local funds within the meaning of Section 111.05 of the Constitution of Alabama of 2022.
In 2023, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: To amend Sections 16-6C-2, as amended by Act 2022-374, 2022 Regular Session, 16-6D-3, 16-6D-4, 16-6D-6, 16-6D-8, and 16-6D-9, as amended by Act 2022-390, 2022 Regular Session, Code of Alabama 1975, relating to the public K-12 school grading system and the Alabama Accountability Act of 2013; to change the designation of a failing school to a lowest sixth percent school and the designation of a nonfailing school to a highest 94th percent school; and to require the State Board of Education to reflect those changes in terminology when amending or adopting rules.. Description: To amend Sections 16-6C-2, as amended by Act 2022-374, 2022 Regular Session, 16-6D-3, 16-6D-4, 16-6D-6, 16-6D-8, and 16-6D-9, as amended by Act 2022-390, 2022 Regular Session, Code of Alabama 1975, relating to the public K-12 school grading system and the Alabama Accountability Act of 2013; to change the designation of a failing school to a lowest sixth percent school and the designation of a nonfailing school to a highest 94th percent school; and to require the State Board of Education to reflect those changes in terminology when amending or adopting rules.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to Lamar County; to authorize the Judge of Probate of Lamar County to set and collect a mail fee for the renewal of motor vehicle license registrations and business licenses by mail or through the Internet.. Description: Relating to Lamar County; to authorize the Judge of Probate of Lamar County to set and collect a mail fee for the renewal of motor vehicle license registrations and business licenses by mail or through the Internet.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to Marion County; to amend Section 45-47-245.05, providing for the distribution of the proceeds of a local tobacco tax in the county, to further provide for the distribution of a portion of the proceeds to the Marion County Firefighters Association.. Description: Relating to Marion County; to amend Section 45-47-245.05, providing for the distribution of the proceeds of a local tobacco tax in the county, to further provide for the distribution of a portion of the proceeds to the Marion County Firefighters Association.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to crimes and offenses; to amend Section 13A-11-61.1, Code of Alabama 1975; to provide that it is unlawful to discharge a firearm on school property; to provide criminal penalties; to provide for exceptions; and in connection therewith would have as its purpose or effect the requirement of a new or increased expenditure of local funds within the meaning of Section 111.05 of the Constitution of Alabama of 2022.. Description: Relating to crimes and offenses; to amend Section 13A-11-61.1, Code of Alabama 1975; to provide that it is unlawful to discharge a firearm on school property; to provide criminal penalties; to provide for exceptions; and in connection therewith would have as its purpose or effect the requirement of a new or increased expenditure of local funds within the meaning of Section 111.05 of the Constitution of Alabama of 2022.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to crimes and offenses; to create the crime of making a terrorist threat in the second degree; to establish penalties for violations; to repeal Section 13A-10-15, Code of Alabama 1975, the existing crime of making a terrorist threat, and create the new crime of making a terrorist threat in the first degree; and in connection therewith would have as its purpose or effect the requirement of a new or increased expenditure of local funds within the meaning of Section 111.05 of the Constitution of Alabama of 2022.. Description: Relating to crimes and offenses; to create the crime of making a terrorist threat in the second degree; to establish penalties for violations; to repeal Section 13A-10-15, Code of Alabama 1975, the existing crime of making a terrorist threat, and create the new crime of making a terrorist threat in the first degree; and in connection therewith would have as its purpose or effect the requirement of a new or increased expenditure of local funds within the meaning of Section 111.05 of the Constitution of Alabama of 2022.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to retired justices and judges; to amend Sections 12-18-10 and 12-18-61, Code of Alabama 1975, to revise the compensation received by retired justices and judges who are called to active duty; to require retired justices and judges be paid per diem and mileage and be provided court-supportive personnel; to require continuing legal education annually; and to make nonsubstantive, technical revisions to update the existing code language to current style.. Description: Relating to retired justices and judges; to amend Sections 12-18-10 and 12-18-61, Code of Alabama 1975, to revise the compensation received by retired justices and judges who are called to active duty; to require retired justices and judges be paid per diem and mileage and be provided court-supportive personnel; to require continuing legal education annually; and to make nonsubstantive, technical revisions to update the existing code language to current style.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to the Employees' Retirement System; to amend Section 36-27-8.2, Code of Alabama 1975, to temporarily permit certain retired individuals performing duties as school resource officers or as correctional officers to serve without suspension of his or her retirement allowance.. Description: Relating to the Employees' Retirement System; to amend Section 36-27-8.2, Code of Alabama 1975, to temporarily permit certain retired individuals performing duties as school resource officers or as correctional officers to serve without suspension of his or her retirement allowance.
In 2023, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: To amend Section 16-28-4, Code of Alabama 1975, relating to the minimum age for attendance at public schools; to require a child to complete kindergarten or demonstrate first grade readiness before entering the first grade; to provide for circumstances under which a child who is under five years of age on September 1 may be admitted to public kindergarten; to provide for circumstances under which a child who is under six years of age on December 31 may be admitted to public school first grade; and in connection therewith would have as its purpose or effect the requirement of a new or increased expenditure of local funds within the meaning of Section 111.05 of the Constitution of Alabama of 2022.. Description: To amend Section 16-28-4, Code of Alabama 1975, relating to the minimum age for attendance at public schools; to require a child to complete kindergarten or demonstrate first grade readiness before entering the first grade; to provide for circumstances under which a child who is under five years of age on September 1 may be admitted to public kindergarten; to provide for circumstances under which a child who is under six years of age on December 31 may be admitted to public school first grade; and in connection therewith would have as its purpose or effect the requirement of a new or increased expenditure of local funds within the meaning of Section 111.05 of the Constitution of Alabama of 2022.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to the Alabama Job Creation and Military Stability Commission; to amend Sections 31-14-2 and 31-14-3, Code of Alabama 1975, to expand the membership of the commission.. Description: Relating to the Alabama Job Creation and Military Stability Commission; to amend Sections 31-14-2 and 31-14-3, Code of Alabama 1975, to expand the membership of the commission.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to the Alabama Sunset Law; to continue the existence and functioning of the Alabama Board of Examiners of Landscape Architects until October 1, 2027.. Description: Relating to the Alabama Sunset Law; to continue the existence and functioning of the Alabama Board of Examiners of Landscape Architects until October 1, 2027.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to public K-12 sports; to create the Sudden Cardiac Arrest Prevention Act; to require the State Board of Education to adopt certain guidelines and information sheets regarding sudden cardiac arrest and distribute those information sheets to students, parents, and coaches; to require coaches to undergo certain training related to sudden cardiac arrest and to remove students who exhibit symptoms of sudden cardiac arrest from play; to require students and parents to acknowledge consent of certain informational materials related to sudden cardiac arrest; to establish certain penalties for coaches and to protect a coach from certain liability related to sudden cardiac arrest.. Description: Relating to public K-12 sports; to create the Sudden Cardiac Arrest Prevention Act; to require the State Board of Education to adopt certain guidelines and information sheets regarding sudden cardiac arrest and distribute those information sheets to students, parents, and coaches; to require coaches to undergo certain training related to sudden cardiac arrest and to remove students who exhibit symptoms of sudden cardiac arrest from play; to require students and parents to acknowledge consent of certain informational materials related to sudden cardiac arrest; to establish certain penalties for coaches and to protect a coach from certain liability related to sudden cardiac arrest.
In 2023, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Relating to the Alabama Uniform Trust Code; to amend Section 19-3B-414, Code of Alabama 1975, to further provide for the modification or termination of an uneconomic trust.. Description: Relating to the Alabama Uniform Trust Code; to amend Section 19-3B-414, Code of Alabama 1975, to further provide for the modification or termination of an uneconomic trust.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to municipalities; to amend Section 11-42-5 of the Code of Alabama 1975, to validate and ratify under certain conditions any municipal annexation by any municipality prior to the effective date of this act notwithstanding any procedural defect by the municipality.. Description: Relating to municipalities; to amend Section 11-42-5 of the Code of Alabama 1975, to validate and ratify under certain conditions any municipal annexation by any municipality prior to the effective date of this act notwithstanding any procedural defect by the municipality.
In 2023, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Relating to public contracts; to amend Sections 41-16-50, 41-16-51, 41-16-52, 41-16-53, 41-16-54, and 41-16-55, Code of Alabama 1975, to increase the threshold dollar amount for which competitive bidding is generally required for certain state and local public awarding authorities, with exceptions; to provide a legislative method for the increase of the threshold dollar amount; and in connection therewith would have as its purpose or effect the requirement of a new or increased expenditure of local funds within the meaning of Section 111.05 of the Constitution of Alabama of 2022.. Description: Relating to public contracts; to amend Sections 41-16-50, 41-16-51, 41-16-52, 41-16-53, 41-16-54, and 41-16-55, Code of Alabama 1975, to increase the threshold dollar amount for which competitive bidding is generally required for certain state and local public awarding authorities, with exceptions; to provide a legislative method for the increase of the threshold dollar amount; and in connection therewith would have as its purpose or effect the requirement of a new or increased expenditure of local funds within the meaning of Section 111.05 of the Constitution of Alabama of 2022.
In 2023, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Relating to the Board of Pardons and Paroles; to amend Section 15-22-30.1, Code of Alabama 1975, to require that at least one residential transition center established by the board to be a women's facility.. Description: Relating to the Board of Pardons and Paroles; to amend Section 15-22-30.1, Code of Alabama 1975, to require that at least one residential transition center established by the board to be a women's facility.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to the Alabama Department of Public Health; to adopt the Genesis Act; to require the Department of Health to establish a Certificate of Nonviable Birth form to issue to parents, upon request, for certain nonviable births.. Description: Relating to the Alabama Department of Public Health; to adopt the Genesis Act; to require the Department of Health to establish a Certificate of Nonviable Birth form to issue to parents, upon request, for certain nonviable births.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to the Alabama Board of Social Work Examiners; to amend Section 34-30-3, Code of Alabama 1975, and to add Section 34-30-34 to the Code of Alabama 1975; to provide further for the scope of practice of licensees.. Description: Relating to the Alabama Board of Social Work Examiners; to amend Section 34-30-3, Code of Alabama 1975, and to add Section 34-30-34 to the Code of Alabama 1975; to provide further for the scope of practice of licensees.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: To amend Section 12-17-81 of the Code of Alabama 1975, to further provide for the salary of all circuit clerks in the Unified Judicial System based on the pay plan adopted by the personnel system of the Unified Judicial System.. Description: To amend Section 12-17-81 of the Code of Alabama 1975, to further provide for the salary of all circuit clerks in the Unified Judicial System based on the pay plan adopted by the personnel system of the Unified Judicial System.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to the Alabama Department of Insurance; to amend Sections 27-7-5, 27-7-14.1, 27-9A-6, 27-9A-8, 27-9A-9, 27-9A-11, 27-25-4.1, and 27-25-4.3, Code of Alabama 1975, to delete the requirement for insurance producers, independent adjusters, apprentice independent adjusters, and title insurance agents to complete a prelicensing course of study approved by the Commissioner of Insurance prior to licensure by the department; and to eliminate the issuance of new service representative licenses prospectively and to authorize a current licensee to renew his or her license.. Description: Relating to the Alabama Department of Insurance; to amend Sections 27-7-5, 27-7-14.1, 27-9A-6, 27-9A-8, 27-9A-9, 27-9A-11, 27-25-4.1, and 27-25-4.3, Code of Alabama 1975, to delete the requirement for insurance producers, independent adjusters, apprentice independent adjusters, and title insurance agents to complete a prelicensing course of study approved by the Commissioner of Insurance prior to licensure by the department; and to eliminate the issuance of new service representative licenses prospectively and to authorize a current licensee to renew his or her license.
In 2023, Alabama enrolled a bill titled: Relating to firearms; to amend Section 13A-11-72, Code of Alabama 1975, to further provide for persons prohibited from possessing a firearm; to prohibit aliens unlawfully in the United States or aliens admitted under a nonimmigrant visa from possessing a firearm; to provide a penalty for persons in violation of this provision; to make nonsubstantive, technical revisions to update the existing code language to current style; and in connection therewith would have as its purpose or effect the requirement of a new or increased expenditure of local funds within the meaning of Section 111.05 of the Constitution of Alabama of 2022.. Description: Relating to firearms; to amend Section 13A-11-72, Code of Alabama 1975, to further provide for persons prohibited from possessing a firearm; to prohibit aliens unlawfully in the United States or aliens admitted under a nonimmigrant visa from possessing a firearm; to provide a penalty for persons in violation of this provision; to make nonsubstantive, technical revisions to update the existing code language to current style; and in connection therewith would have as its purpose or effect the requirement of a new or increased expenditure of local funds within the meaning of Section 111.05 of the Constitution of Alabama of 2022.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: To amend Sections 16-13B-1, 16-13B-4, and 16-13B-5, Code of Alabama 1975, relating to competitive bidding on contracts of city and county boards of education; to increase the minimum amount for contracts subject to competitive bid from $15,000 to $40,000; to provide a legislative process for increasing the threshold dollar amount in the future based on increases in the Consumer Price Index; and in connection therewith would have as its purpose or effect the requirement of a new or increased expenditure of local funds within the meaning of Section 111.05 of the Constitution of Alabama of 2022.. Description: To amend Sections 16-13B-1, 16-13B-4, and 16-13B-5, Code of Alabama 1975, relating to competitive bidding on contracts of city and county boards of education; to increase the minimum amount for contracts subject to competitive bid from $15,000 to $40,000; to provide a legislative process for increasing the threshold dollar amount in the future based on increases in the Consumer Price Index; and in connection therewith would have as its purpose or effect the requirement of a new or increased expenditure of local funds within the meaning of Section 111.05 of the Constitution of Alabama of 2022.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to the Retirement Systems of Alabama; to amend Section 36-27-59, Code of Alabama 1975, to remove the time limit for purchasing hazardous duty time for prior eligible service for certain firefighters, law enforcement officers, and correctional officers covered under the Employees' Retirement System or the Teachers' Retirement System as Tier I plan members.. Description: Relating to the Retirement Systems of Alabama; to amend Section 36-27-59, Code of Alabama 1975, to remove the time limit for purchasing hazardous duty time for prior eligible service for certain firefighters, law enforcement officers, and correctional officers covered under the Employees' Retirement System or the Teachers' Retirement System as Tier I plan members.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to state employee travel expenses; to amend Sections 36-7-20 and 36-7-21, Code of Alabama, to provide that a person traveling inside the State of Alabama in the service of the state or any of its departments, institutions, boards, bureaus, commissions, councils, committees, or other like agencies to be provided the uniform per diem or to be reimbursed for their actual out-of-pocket expenses when traveling within the state on official business.. Description: Relating to state employee travel expenses; to amend Sections 36-7-20 and 36-7-21, Code of Alabama, to provide that a person traveling inside the State of Alabama in the service of the state or any of its departments, institutions, boards, bureaus, commissions, councils, committees, or other like agencies to be provided the uniform per diem or to be reimbursed for their actual out-of-pocket expenses when traveling within the state on official business.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to Houston County; to authorize the appointment of temporary judges of probate to serve contemporaneously with the judge of probate under certain circumstances; and to provide for compensation for temporary judges of probate under certain circumstances.. Description: Relating to Houston County; to authorize the appointment of temporary judges of probate to serve contemporaneously with the judge of probate under certain circumstances; and to provide for compensation for temporary judges of probate under certain circumstances.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to Houston County; to amend Section 45-35-111, Code of Alabama 1975, to provide for the compensation and appointment of election officials; and to repeal Section 45-35-111.01, Code of Alabama 1975.. Description: Relating to Houston County; to amend Section 45-35-111, Code of Alabama 1975, to provide for the compensation and appointment of election officials; and to repeal Section 45-35-111.01, Code of Alabama 1975.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to pardons and paroles; to amend Sections 15-22-51 and 15-22-53, Code of Alabama 1975, to provide that a specialist, in addition to a parole officer, may conduct an investigation and provide a report to the court regarding a defendant; and to make nonsubstantive, technical revisions to update the existing code language to current style.. Description: Relating to pardons and paroles; to amend Sections 15-22-51 and 15-22-53, Code of Alabama 1975, to provide that a specialist, in addition to a parole officer, may conduct an investigation and provide a report to the court regarding a defendant; and to make nonsubstantive, technical revisions to update the existing code language to current style.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to Lamar County, to amend Section 45-38-101, Code of Alabama 1975, to provide further for the compensation and expense reimbursement of the county superintendent of education.. Description: Relating to Lamar County, to amend Section 45-38-101, Code of Alabama 1975, to provide further for the compensation and expense reimbursement of the county superintendent of education.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to the Alabama Private Investigation Regulatory Act; to designate as Article 1, Sections 34-25B-1 to 34-25B-29, inclusive, Code of Alabama 1975; to amend Sections 34-25B-2, 34-25B-3, 34-25B-4, 34-25B-7, 34-25B-10, 34-25B-11, 34-25B-12, 34-25B-13, 34-25B-14, 34-25B-17, 34-25B-18, 34-25B-21, 34-25B-22, and 34-25B-26 of the Code of Alabama 1975, relating to the Alabama Private Investigation Board; to add Section 34-25B-12.1 and add a new Article 2, commencing with Section 34-25B-50 to Chapter 25B, Title 34 of the Code of Alabama 1975; to require applicants for private investigator licenses to complete education and work experience; to clarify those fees collected by the board that must be deposited into the Alabama Private Investigation Board Fund; to provide further for the qualifications for licensure as a private investigator; to provide further for criminal history background checks for applicants for licensure; to authorize the board to grant inactive status to licensees and to provide, by rule, for a procedure and fee to reinstate an inactive license; to provide for administrative penalties against any person practicing without a license; to require licensees to report arrests to the board within 72 hours; and to clarify that the number of hours of continuing education required to maintain licensure is 16 hours during the two-year license period; to license private investigator apprentices and allow apprentices to gain work experience through an internship; to provide for licensure of apprentices as private investigators after completing certain requirements; and to provide for licensure of private investigation agencies that do business in the state; and in connection therewith would have as its purpose or effect the requirement of a new or increased expenditure of local funds within the meaning of Section 111.05 of the Constitution of Alabama of 2022.. Description: Relating to the Alabama Private Investigation Regulatory Act; to designate as Article 1, Sections 34-25B-1 to 34-25B-29, inclusive, Code of Alabama 1975; to amend Sections 34-25B-2, 34-25B-3, 34-25B-4, 34-25B-7, 34-25B-10, 34-25B-11, 34-25B-12, 34-25B-13, 34-25B-14, 34-25B-17, 34-25B-18, 34-25B-21, 34-25B-22, and 34-25B-26 of the Code of Alabama 1975, relating to the Alabama Private Investigation Board; to add Section 34-25B-12.1 and add a new Article 2, commencing with Section 34-25B-50 to Chapter 25B, Title 34 of the Code of Alabama 1975; to require applicants for private investigator licenses to complete education and work experience; to clarify those fees collected by the board that must be deposited into the Alabama Private Investigation Board Fund; to provide further for the qualifications for licensure as a private investigator; to provide further for criminal history background checks for applicants for licensure; to authorize the board to grant inactive status to licensees and to provide, by rule, for a procedure and fee to reinstate an inactive license; to provide for administrative penalties against any person practicing without a license; to require licensees to report arrests to the board within 72 hours; and to clarify that the number of hours of continuing education required to maintain licensure is 16 hours during the two-year license period; to license private investigator apprentices and allow apprentices to gain work experience through an internship; to provide for licensure of apprentices as private investigators after completing certain requirements; and to provide for licensure of private investigation agencies that do business in the state; and in connection therewith would have as its purpose or effect the requirement of a new or increased expenditure of local funds within the meaning of Section 111.05 of the Constitution of Alabama of 2022.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to crimes and offenses; to amend Sections 13A-6-130, 13A-6-131, 13A-6-132, 13A-6-138, and 30-5-2, Code of Alabama 1975, to include additional family members that may be a victim of domestic violence; and in connection therewith would have as its purpose or effect the requirement of a new or increased expenditure of local funds within the meaning of Section 111.05 of the Constitution of Alabama of 2022.. Description: Relating to crimes and offenses; to amend Sections 13A-6-130, 13A-6-131, 13A-6-132, 13A-6-138, and 30-5-2, Code of Alabama 1975, to include additional family members that may be a victim of domestic violence; and in connection therewith would have as its purpose or effect the requirement of a new or increased expenditure of local funds within the meaning of Section 111.05 of the Constitution of Alabama of 2022.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to sales tax; to amend Section 40-23-7, as last amended by Section 5 of Act 2022-53 of the 2022 Regular Session, Code of Alabama 1975, to provide for an increase in the amount of the average monthly sales tax liability for required estimated payments.. Description: Relating to sales tax; to amend Section 40-23-7, as last amended by Section 5 of Act 2022-53 of the 2022 Regular Session, Code of Alabama 1975, to provide for an increase in the amount of the average monthly sales tax liability for required estimated payments.
In 2023, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Relating to taxation; to amend Section 40-18-140, Code of Alabama 1975, to provide an income tax refund check-off for a contribution to the State Parks Division of the Department of Conservation and Natural Resources, the Department of Mental Health, or the Alabama Medicaid Agency. . Description: Relating to taxation; to amend Section 40-18-140, Code of Alabama 1975, to provide an income tax refund check-off for a contribution to the State Parks Division of the Department of Conservation and Natural Resources, the Department of Mental Health, or the Alabama Medicaid Agency. 
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to the Board of Pharmacy; to amend Section 34-23-32 of the Code of Alabama 1975, requiring a manufacturer, bottler, packager, wholesale drug distributor, and other entities in the supply chain for pharmaceutical products to obtain an annual permit from the board; to require each permit holder to designate a representative of the permit holder who would be required to register with the board; and to provide for an additional annual registration fee.. Description: Relating to the Board of Pharmacy; to amend Section 34-23-32 of the Code of Alabama 1975, requiring a manufacturer, bottler, packager, wholesale drug distributor, and other entities in the supply chain for pharmaceutical products to obtain an annual permit from the board; to require each permit holder to designate a representative of the permit holder who would be required to register with the board; and to provide for an additional annual registration fee.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to crimes and offenses; to amend Section 13A-6-3, Code of Alabama 1975, to further provide for the crime of manslaughter; and in connection therewith would have as its purpose or effect the requirement of a new or increased expenditure of local funds within the meaning of Section 111.05 of the Constitution of Alabama of 2022.. Description: Relating to crimes and offenses; to amend Section 13A-6-3, Code of Alabama 1975, to further provide for the crime of manslaughter; and in connection therewith would have as its purpose or effect the requirement of a new or increased expenditure of local funds within the meaning of Section 111.05 of the Constitution of Alabama of 2022.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to public officers and employees; to amend Section 36-21-7, Code of Alabama 1975, to increase the time period during which the state or a political subdivision of the state must be reimbursed for the training of a new law enforcement officer, certified corrections officer, fire protection personnel, or firefighter; to include custom fitted uniform items in the required reimbursement; and to make nonsubstantive, technical revisions to update the existing code language to current style.. Description: Relating to public officers and employees; to amend Section 36-21-7, Code of Alabama 1975, to increase the time period during which the state or a political subdivision of the state must be reimbursed for the training of a new law enforcement officer, certified corrections officer, fire protection personnel, or firefighter; to include custom fitted uniform items in the required reimbursement; and to make nonsubstantive, technical revisions to update the existing code language to current style.
In 2023, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Relating to the Alcoholic Beverage Control Board; to add Section 28-3A-6.1 to the Code of Alabama 1975, to authorize a licensed manufacturer or importer of alcoholic beverages to donate a limited amount of alcoholic beverages to a licensed nonprofit special event.. Description: Relating to the Alcoholic Beverage Control Board; to add Section 28-3A-6.1 to the Code of Alabama 1975, to authorize a licensed manufacturer or importer of alcoholic beverages to donate a limited amount of alcoholic beverages to a licensed nonprofit special event.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to the City of Columbiana in Shelby County; to authorize the City Council of the City of Columbiana to establish and regulate the operation of entertainment districts in the city as designated by the Columbiana City Code; and to authorize the city council to provide penalties for violations.. Description: Relating to the City of Columbiana in Shelby County; to authorize the City Council of the City of Columbiana to establish and regulate the operation of entertainment districts in the city as designated by the Columbiana City Code; and to authorize the city council to provide penalties for violations.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: This bill would propose an amendment to the Constitution of Alabama of 2022, relating to Dale County, to allow mayors in municipalities in the county to participate in the Employees' Retirement System under certain conditions.. Description: This bill would propose an amendment to the Constitution of Alabama of 2022, relating to Dale County, to allow mayors in municipalities in the county to participate in the Employees' Retirement System under certain conditions.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to Elmore County; to levy a lodging tax and room fee and provide for the collection of the tax and the distribution of the proceeds from the tax; to provide and confirm that this act is intended to be retroactive and curative; to provide that the levying and collecting of the taxes authorized by this act be approved and confirmed as of August 1, 2020; to provide that the collection of taxes pursuant to Act 2020-178 is ratified and confirmed; to provide that to the extent any amount of taxes authorized by this act was paid by a person prior to the effective date of this act, such amount shall be deemed to be legally levied and paid and shall be deemed to be a credit against the amount of taxes levied pursuant to this act; and to repeal Sections 45-26-246 through 45-26-246.04 and 45-26-246.06, and Section 45-26-246.05, Code of Alabama 1975, as last amended by Act 2022-49, which authorized the levy of a lodging tax in Elmore County.. Description: Relating to Elmore County; to levy a lodging tax and room fee and provide for the collection of the tax and the distribution of the proceeds from the tax; to provide and confirm that this act is intended to be retroactive and curative; to provide that the levying and collecting of the taxes authorized by this act be approved and confirmed as of August 1, 2020; to provide that the collection of taxes pursuant to Act 2020-178 is ratified and confirmed; to provide that to the extent any amount of taxes authorized by this act was paid by a person prior to the effective date of this act, such amount shall be deemed to be legally levied and paid and shall be deemed to be a credit against the amount of taxes levied pursuant to this act; and to repeal Sections 45-26-246 through 45-26-246.04 and 45-26-246.06, and Section 45-26-246.05, Code of Alabama 1975, as last amended by Act 2022-49, which authorized the levy of a lodging tax in Elmore County.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to Elmore County; to amend Section 45-26-101, Code of Alabama 1975; to provide for the appointment of the county superintendent of education; and to repeal Act 258 of the 1931 Regular Session (Local Acts 1031, p. 117).. Description: Relating to Elmore County; to amend Section 45-26-101, Code of Alabama 1975; to provide for the appointment of the county superintendent of education; and to repeal Act 258 of the 1931 Regular Session (Local Acts 1031, p. 117).
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to adoption; to add Chapter 10E and Chapter 10F to Title 26 of the Code of Alabama 1975, and Section 12-15-115.1 to the Code of Alabama 1975; to amend Section 12-15-133 of the Code of Alabama 1975; to repeal Section 12-12-35 of the Code of Alabama 1975, and Chapter 10A of Title 26 of the Code of Alabama 1975; to create the Alabama Minor Adoption Code and the Alabama Adult Adoption Code; to provide for jurisdictional and procedural requirements relating to adoptions; to provide for the communication of certain courts  handling adoption-related proceedings; to provide that certain individuals must consent to an adoption; to provide for the confidentiality of certain adoption records; to provide for investigative requirements for the adoption of a minor; to provide procedures to adopt an adult; and in connection therewith would have as its purpose or effect the requirement of a new or increased expenditure of local funds within the meaning of Section 111.05 of the Constitution of Alabama of 2022.. Description: Relating to adoption; to add Chapter 10E and Chapter 10F to Title 26 of the Code of Alabama 1975, and Section 12-15-115.1 to the Code of Alabama 1975; to amend Section 12-15-133 of the Code of Alabama 1975; to repeal Section 12-12-35 of the Code of Alabama 1975, and Chapter 10A of Title 26 of the Code of Alabama 1975; to create the Alabama Minor Adoption Code and the Alabama Adult Adoption Code; to provide for jurisdictional and procedural requirements relating to adoptions; to provide for the communication of certain courts  handling adoption-related proceedings; to provide that certain individuals must consent to an adoption; to provide for the confidentiality of certain adoption records; to provide for investigative requirements for the adoption of a minor; to provide procedures to adopt an adult; and in connection therewith would have as its purpose or effect the requirement of a new or increased expenditure of local funds within the meaning of Section 111.05 of the Constitution of Alabama of 2022.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDAR. Description: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDAR
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to Escambia County; to authorize the county commission to provide a supplemental salary to the sheriff for the performance of additional duties relating to the operation of the county pound.. Description: Relating to Escambia County; to authorize the county commission to provide a supplemental salary to the sheriff for the performance of additional duties relating to the operation of the county pound.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to public education employee sick leave; to amend Section 16-1-18.1, Code of Alabama 1975, to authorize the use of up to eight weeks of sick leave for attending to an ill child for whom a petition for adoption has been filed and for attending to an adopted child.. Description: Relating to public education employee sick leave; to amend Section 16-1-18.1, Code of Alabama 1975, to authorize the use of up to eight weeks of sick leave for attending to an ill child for whom a petition for adoption has been filed and for attending to an adopted child.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to Jefferson County; to prohibit certain forms of street racing and exhibition driving; to authorize the county commission to assess civil penalties for violations; to authorize the towing and impoundment of a motor vehicle for a violation; to provide for the administration and enforcement procedures; and to provide adjudicative and appellate procedures.. Description: Relating to Jefferson County; to prohibit certain forms of street racing and exhibition driving; to authorize the county commission to assess civil penalties for violations; to authorize the towing and impoundment of a motor vehicle for a violation; to provide for the administration and enforcement procedures; and to provide adjudicative and appellate procedures.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to Jefferson County; to amend Section 45-37-30, Code of Alabama 1975, to further provide for the funding of the Jefferson County Cemetery Board, and to make nonsubstantive, technical revisions to update the existing code language to current style.. Description: Relating to Jefferson County; to amend Section 45-37-30, Code of Alabama 1975, to further provide for the funding of the Jefferson County Cemetery Board, and to make nonsubstantive, technical revisions to update the existing code language to current style.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to credentials and the workforce; to create the Alabama Credential Quality and Transparency Act as a new Division 9, commencing with Section 41-29-350, Article 3, Chapter 29, Title 41, Code of Alabama 1975; to create the Alabama Terminal on Linking and Analyzing Statistics on Career Pathways Act as a new Division 10, commencing with Section 41-29-360, Article 3, Chapter 29, Title 41, Code of Alabama 1975; and to establish the Alabama College and Career Readiness Act by adding Section 41-29-298 to the Code of Alabama 1975; to provide for the creation of a free, searchable public online registry of educational and occupational credentials; to restrict the release of personally identifiable information; to provide procedures for handling data breaches; to establish a statewide definition of college and career readiness; and in connection therewith would have as its purpose or effect the requirement of a new or increased expenditure of local funds within the meaning of Section 111.05 of the Constitution of Alabama of 2022.. Description: Relating to credentials and the workforce; to create the Alabama Credential Quality and Transparency Act as a new Division 9, commencing with Section 41-29-350, Article 3, Chapter 29, Title 41, Code of Alabama 1975; to create the Alabama Terminal on Linking and Analyzing Statistics on Career Pathways Act as a new Division 10, commencing with Section 41-29-360, Article 3, Chapter 29, Title 41, Code of Alabama 1975; and to establish the Alabama College and Career Readiness Act by adding Section 41-29-298 to the Code of Alabama 1975; to provide for the creation of a free, searchable public online registry of educational and occupational credentials; to restrict the release of personally identifiable information; to provide procedures for handling data breaches; to establish a statewide definition of college and career readiness; and in connection therewith would have as its purpose or effect the requirement of a new or increased expenditure of local funds within the meaning of Section 111.05 of the Constitution of Alabama of 2022.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to Pickens County; to further provide for the expense allowance and salary of the Revenue Commissioner of Pickens County.. Description: Relating to Pickens County; to further provide for the expense allowance and salary of the Revenue Commissioner of Pickens County.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to the Board of Physical Therapy; to amend Sections 34-24-191, 34-24-193, 34-24-194, 34-24-196, 34-24-210, 34-24-210.1, 34-24-211, 34-24-212, 34-24-213, 34-24-214, and 34-24-217, Code of Alabama 1975; to give the board authority over certain physical therapy professionals licensed in other states.. Description: Relating to the Board of Physical Therapy; to amend Sections 34-24-191, 34-24-193, 34-24-194, 34-24-196, 34-24-210, 34-24-210.1, 34-24-211, 34-24-212, 34-24-213, 34-24-214, and 34-24-217, Code of Alabama 1975; to give the board authority over certain physical therapy professionals licensed in other states.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to Etowah County; to provide that the director and employees of The Etowah County Punishment and Corrections Authority have arrest powers and may make arrests in certain circumstances.. Description: Relating to Etowah County; to provide that the director and employees of The Etowah County Punishment and Corrections Authority have arrest powers and may make arrests in certain circumstances.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: To amend Section 17-3-8, Code of Alabama 1975, as last amended by Act 2022-112 of the 2022 Regular Session, relating to meeting days of boards of registrars; to increase the number of working days that the Limestone County Board of Registrars may meet each week.. Description: To amend Section 17-3-8, Code of Alabama 1975, as last amended by Act 2022-112 of the 2022 Regular Session, relating to meeting days of boards of registrars; to increase the number of working days that the Limestone County Board of Registrars may meet each week.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to Limestone County; to establish a service of process fee for the service or attempted service of documents by the Limestone County Sheriff's Office in the civil division of the circuit and district courts; to establish a fingerprint fee for fingerprinting certain persons and a local background check fee; to ratify and confirm fingerprint fees and local background check fees collected prior to the effective date of this act; and to provide for a booking fee to be imposed on each person booked into the Limestone County Jail and subsequently convicted of a crime, the collection of the fees, and for the distribution of the revenues derived from the fees.. Description: Relating to Limestone County; to establish a service of process fee for the service or attempted service of documents by the Limestone County Sheriff's Office in the civil division of the circuit and district courts; to establish a fingerprint fee for fingerprinting certain persons and a local background check fee; to ratify and confirm fingerprint fees and local background check fees collected prior to the effective date of this act; and to provide for a booking fee to be imposed on each person booked into the Limestone County Jail and subsequently convicted of a crime, the collection of the fees, and for the distribution of the revenues derived from the fees.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to fiduciary funds in the hands of officials; to amend Section 19-3-87, Code of Alabama 1975, to provide for disposition of unclaimed funds held in a county treasury after being unclaimed for a certain number of years; and to amend Section 35-12-73, Code of Alabama 1975, to exempt unclaimed funds under Section 19-3-87, Code of Alabama 1975.. Description: Relating to fiduciary funds in the hands of officials; to amend Section 19-3-87, Code of Alabama 1975, to provide for disposition of unclaimed funds held in a county treasury after being unclaimed for a certain number of years; and to amend Section 35-12-73, Code of Alabama 1975, to exempt unclaimed funds under Section 19-3-87, Code of Alabama 1975.
In 2023, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Relating to individual income taxes; to amend Section 40-18-5, Code of Alabama 1975, to phase-in a reduction in the top tax rate from five percent to four and ninety-five hundredths percent.. Description: Relating to individual income taxes; to amend Section 40-18-5, Code of Alabama 1975, to phase-in a reduction in the top tax rate from five percent to four and ninety-five hundredths percent.
In 2023, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Relating to individual income taxes; to amend Section 40-18-5, Code of Alabama 1975, to eliminate the two percent tax rate on the first five hundred dollars ($500) of taxable income for single persons, heads of families, and married persons filing separate returns and would also eliminate the two percent tax rate on the first one thousand dollars ($1,000) of taxable income for married persons filing a joint return.. Description: Relating to individual income taxes; to amend Section 40-18-5, Code of Alabama 1975, to eliminate the two percent tax rate on the first five hundred dollars ($500) of taxable income for single persons, heads of families, and married persons filing separate returns and would also eliminate the two percent tax rate on the first one thousand dollars ($1,000) of taxable income for married persons filing a joint return.
In 2023, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Relating to income taxes; to amend Section 40-18-19, Code of Alabama 1975, as last amended by Act 2022-292, Act 2022-294, and Act 2022-297 of the 2022 Regular Session of the Legislature; to increase the exemption for taxable retirement income for individuals who are 65 years of age or older.. Description: Relating to income taxes; to amend Section 40-18-19, Code of Alabama 1975, as last amended by Act 2022-292, Act 2022-294, and Act 2022-297 of the 2022 Regular Session of the Legislature; to increase the exemption for taxable retirement income for individuals who are 65 years of age or older.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: To allow for the payment of uncontested claims on an expedited basis for the Board of Adjustment.. Description: To allow for the payment of uncontested claims on an expedited basis for the Board of Adjustment.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: This bill would propose an amendment to the Constitution of Alabama of 2022, relating to Shelby County, to allow county commissioners in the county to participate in the Employees' Retirement System under certain conditions.. Description: This bill would propose an amendment to the Constitution of Alabama of 2022, relating to Shelby County, to allow county commissioners in the county to participate in the Employees' Retirement System under certain conditions.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to health care; to prohibit discrimination against an individual with a disability in receiving an anatomical gift or organ transplant based on his or her disability; to require health care providers and organ transplant centers to provide reasonable accommodations to individuals with a disability in medical need of an anatomical gift or organ transplant; and to provide disabled individuals the right to equitable relief.. Description: Relating to health care; to prohibit discrimination against an individual with a disability in receiving an anatomical gift or organ transplant based on his or her disability; to require health care providers and organ transplant centers to provide reasonable accommodations to individuals with a disability in medical need of an anatomical gift or organ transplant; and to provide disabled individuals the right to equitable relief.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: To make appropriations for the ordinary expenses of the executive, legislative, and judicial agencies of the State, for other functions of government, for debt service, and for capital outlay for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2024.. Description: To make appropriations for the ordinary expenses of the executive, legislative, and judicial agencies of the State, for other functions of government, for debt service, and for capital outlay for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2024.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: To make supplemental appropriations for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2023: from the Veterans' Assistance Fund to the Department of Veterans' Affairs in the amount of $10,000,000, and from the State General Fund to various agencies and entities a total amount of $207,623,865; and to amend Section 2C of Act 2022-270 to clarify the conditions for release of the conditional appropriation to the Department of Corrections and to reallocate the conditional appropriation to the Corrections Capital Improvement Fund, if those conditions are not met.. Description: To make supplemental appropriations for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2023: from the Veterans' Assistance Fund to the Department of Veterans' Affairs in the amount of $10,000,000, and from the State General Fund to various agencies and entities a total amount of $207,623,865; and to amend Section 2C of Act 2022-270 to clarify the conditions for release of the conditional appropriation to the Department of Corrections and to reallocate the conditional appropriation to the Corrections Capital Improvement Fund, if those conditions are not met.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: To create the Medicaid Emergency Reserve Fund and to provide for the withdrawal and use of amounts deposited into the fund.. Description: To create the Medicaid Emergency Reserve Fund and to provide for the withdrawal and use of amounts deposited into the fund.
In 2023, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Relating to sales and use taxes; to amend Section 40-23-5, Code of Alabama 1975, to provide an exemption from state, county, and municipal sales and use taxes for the Black Belt Regional Child Advocacy Center in Marengo County.. Description: Relating to sales and use taxes; to amend Section 40-23-5, Code of Alabama 1975, to provide an exemption from state, county, and municipal sales and use taxes for the Black Belt Regional Child Advocacy Center in Marengo County.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to motor vehicle registration and distinctive motor vehicle license plates; to authorize the issuance of a distinctive motor vehicle license plate to benefit brain cancer research.. Description: Relating to motor vehicle registration and distinctive motor vehicle license plates; to authorize the issuance of a distinctive motor vehicle license plate to benefit brain cancer research.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: To make an appropriation of $39,097,848 from the Children First Trust Fund for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2024, to the entities and for the purposes designated in Section 41-15B-2.2, Code of Alabama 1975; to provide for the deposit of tobacco settlement revenues into the Children First Trust Fund; to require written notification of anticipated agency allocations by the State Director of Finance; to require quarterly allocations; to condition allocations on receipt of tobacco revenues; to provide for the transfer to the State General Fund during fiscal year 2024 that portion of Children First Trust Fund receipts currently allocated for the State Board of Education; to make an appropriation of $50,511,261 from other tobacco settlement funds for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2024; and to make a conditional appropriation and allocation of additional tobacco revenues upon the recommendation of the Director of Finance, the Chairman of the House Ways and Means General Fund Committee and the Chairman of the Senate Finance and Taxation-General Fund Committee, and the approval of the Governor.. Description: To make an appropriation of $39,097,848 from the Children First Trust Fund for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2024, to the entities and for the purposes designated in Section 41-15B-2.2, Code of Alabama 1975; to provide for the deposit of tobacco settlement revenues into the Children First Trust Fund; to require written notification of anticipated agency allocations by the State Director of Finance; to require quarterly allocations; to condition allocations on receipt of tobacco revenues; to provide for the transfer to the State General Fund during fiscal year 2024 that portion of Children First Trust Fund receipts currently allocated for the State Board of Education; to make an appropriation of $50,511,261 from other tobacco settlement funds for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2024; and to make a conditional appropriation and allocation of additional tobacco revenues upon the recommendation of the Director of Finance, the Chairman of the House Ways and Means General Fund Committee and the Chairman of the Senate Finance and Taxation-General Fund Committee, and the approval of the Governor.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to Calhoun County; to authorize the license commissioner to void a motor vehicle license plate, decal, sales and use tax, issuance fees, interest, penalties, and costs when a check or credit card tendered by an individual, company, or other entity for payment of any motor vehicle license is found non-collectible at the time of deposit; and to provide for the reimbursement from the General Fund of Calhoun County to the License Commissioner for losses by the office of the license commissioner for errors and omissions.. Description: Relating to Calhoun County; to authorize the license commissioner to void a motor vehicle license plate, decal, sales and use tax, issuance fees, interest, penalties, and costs when a check or credit card tendered by an individual, company, or other entity for payment of any motor vehicle license is found non-collectible at the time of deposit; and to provide for the reimbursement from the General Fund of Calhoun County to the License Commissioner for losses by the office of the license commissioner for errors and omissions.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to funeral services; to amend Section 34-13-122, Code of Alabama 1975; to define dignified and humane manner for the disposition of cremated remains; and to mandate best efforts to identify the unclaimed cremated remains of Alabama veterans eligible for burial in a state or national military cemetery.. Description: Relating to funeral services; to amend Section 34-13-122, Code of Alabama 1975; to define dignified and humane manner for the disposition of cremated remains; and to mandate best efforts to identify the unclaimed cremated remains of Alabama veterans eligible for burial in a state or national military cemetery.
In 2023, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: To alter, rearrange, and extend the boundary lines and corporate limits of the City of Lake View in Tuscaloosa and Jefferson Counties.. Description: To alter, rearrange, and extend the boundary lines and corporate limits of the City of Lake View in Tuscaloosa and Jefferson Counties.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to parole; to amend Section 15-22-28, Code of Alabama 1975, to provide that a prisoner is not eligible for parole of he or she has been duly charged with a new offense that has not been disposed.. Description: Relating to parole; to amend Section 15-22-28, Code of Alabama 1975, to provide that a prisoner is not eligible for parole of he or she has been duly charged with a new offense that has not been disposed.
In 2023, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Relating to sales and use tax; to add a new Section 40-23-4.5, Code of Alabama 1975, to exclude products under Chapter 2A of Title 20 from the producer value added sales and use tax exemption.. Description: Relating to sales and use tax; to add a new Section 40-23-4.5, Code of Alabama 1975, to exclude products under Chapter 2A of Title 20 from the producer value added sales and use tax exemption.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to state income tax; to establish the Preceptor Tax Incentive Program to provide income tax credit incentives for certain medical students who train in rural and underserved counties in the state.. Description: Relating to state income tax; to establish the Preceptor Tax Incentive Program to provide income tax credit incentives for certain medical students who train in rural and underserved counties in the state.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to Tallapoosa County, to revise the salary of the sheriff.. Description: Relating to Tallapoosa County, to revise the salary of the sheriff.
In 2023, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Relating to courts; to amend Section 12-19-210, Code of Alabama 1975, to increase the expense allowance and mileage reimbursement paid to jurors by order or rule.. Description: Relating to courts; to amend Section 12-19-210, Code of Alabama 1975, to increase the expense allowance and mileage reimbursement paid to jurors by order or rule.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to Shelby County; to amend Section 3 of Act 79-524, 1979 Regular Session, (Acts 1979, p. 935), as last amended by Act 2015-343 of the 2015 Regular Session (Acts 2015, p. 1069), establishing a personnel board for employees of county law enforcement officers in the county; to provide for the compensation of the chief deputy sheriff, the operations manager, and up to two majors in the sheriff's department; and to repeal Act 2009-336 of the 2009 Regular Session (Acts 2009, p. 576), relating to the compensation of the chief deputy sheriff.. Description: Relating to Shelby County; to amend Section 3 of Act 79-524, 1979 Regular Session, (Acts 1979, p. 935), as last amended by Act 2015-343 of the 2015 Regular Session (Acts 2015, p. 1069), establishing a personnel board for employees of county law enforcement officers in the county; to provide for the compensation of the chief deputy sheriff, the operations manager, and up to two majors in the sheriff's department; and to repeal Act 2009-336 of the 2009 Regular Session (Acts 2009, p. 576), relating to the compensation of the chief deputy sheriff.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to Shelby County; to provide for the qualifications of the sheriff; and to require completion of continuing education.. Description: Relating to Shelby County; to provide for the qualifications of the sheriff; and to require completion of continuing education.
In 2023, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Relating to juvenile probation services; to amend Section 12-5A-13 of the Code of Alabama 1975, to include Shelby County in the counties where juvenile court services are under the control of the state court system and the Administrative Office of Courts.. Description: Relating to juvenile probation services; to amend Section 12-5A-13 of the Code of Alabama 1975, to include Shelby County in the counties where juvenile court services are under the control of the state court system and the Administrative Office of Courts.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to disability insurance policies; to authorize disability insurers to offer paid family leave benefit policies.. Description: Relating to disability insurance policies; to authorize disability insurers to offer paid family leave benefit policies.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to Butler County; to provide for the salary of the Coroner of Butler County; and to repeal Section 45-7-60 of the Code of Alabama 1975, providing for an expense allowance for the coroner.. Description: Relating to Butler County; to provide for the salary of the Coroner of Butler County; and to repeal Section 45-7-60 of the Code of Alabama 1975, providing for an expense allowance for the coroner.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to courts; to amend Section 15-1-3, Code of Alabama 1975, to provide for a certification process for court interpreters.. Description: Relating to courts; to amend Section 15-1-3, Code of Alabama 1975, to provide for a certification process for court interpreters.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to St. Clair County; to provide for the electronic filing of business personal property tax returns in the Office of the St. Clair County Revenue Commissioner; and to authorize the revenue commissioner to establish procedures for filing of the returns.. Description: Relating to St. Clair County; to provide for the electronic filing of business personal property tax returns in the Office of the St. Clair County Revenue Commissioner; and to authorize the revenue commissioner to establish procedures for filing of the returns.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to St. Clair County; providing that the offices of judge of probate, revenue commissioner, and sheriff shall be reimbursed from the county general fund for monetary loss resulting from the performance of official duties for errors or mistakes made in good faith, not to exceed a certain maximum per annum; and providing for the voiding of licenses issued and other transactions based on worthless or forged checks.. Description: Relating to St. Clair County; providing that the offices of judge of probate, revenue commissioner, and sheriff shall be reimbursed from the county general fund for monetary loss resulting from the performance of official duties for errors or mistakes made in good faith, not to exceed a certain maximum per annum; and providing for the voiding of licenses issued and other transactions based on worthless or forged checks.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to St. Clair County; to amend Section 4 of Act 85-435, 1985 Regular Session (Acts 1985, p. 403); and to create and provide for the distribution of an additional license tag fee of two dollars ($2).. Description: Relating to St. Clair County; to amend Section 4 of Act 85-435, 1985 Regular Session (Acts 1985, p. 403); and to create and provide for the distribution of an additional license tag fee of two dollars ($2).
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to St. Clair County; to provide for qualifications of the sheriff; and to require completion of continuing education.. Description: Relating to St. Clair County; to provide for qualifications of the sheriff; and to require completion of continuing education.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to St. Clair County; to further provide for the expense allowance and salary of the Revenue Commissioner of St. Clair County.. Description: Relating to St. Clair County; to further provide for the expense allowance and salary of the Revenue Commissioner of St. Clair County.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to public institutions of higher education; to add Section 16-22-1.1 to the Code of Alabama 1975; to authorize public institutions of higher education that employ campus police officers to also employ reserve police officers; and to specify the qualifications and duties of reserve campus police officers.. Description: Relating to public institutions of higher education; to add Section 16-22-1.1 to the Code of Alabama 1975; to authorize public institutions of higher education that employ campus police officers to also employ reserve police officers; and to specify the qualifications and duties of reserve campus police officers.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to crimes and offenses; to amend Sections 13A-6-92 and 30-3-130, Code of Alabama 1975, to define the term electronic tracking device; to add Sections 13A-6-95 and 13A-6-96 to the Code of Alabama 1975, to prohibit a person from placing certain devices on the property of another person; to prohibit a person from placing certain devices on the property of another in violation of an established court order; to provide for penalties; to make nonsubstantive, technical revisions to update the existing code language to current style; and in connection therewith would have as its purpose or effect the requirement of a new or increased expenditure of local funds within the meaning of Section 111.05 of the Constitution of Alabama of 2022.. Description: Relating to crimes and offenses; to amend Sections 13A-6-92 and 30-3-130, Code of Alabama 1975, to define the term electronic tracking device; to add Sections 13A-6-95 and 13A-6-96 to the Code of Alabama 1975, to prohibit a person from placing certain devices on the property of another person; to prohibit a person from placing certain devices on the property of another in violation of an established court order; to provide for penalties; to make nonsubstantive, technical revisions to update the existing code language to current style; and in connection therewith would have as its purpose or effect the requirement of a new or increased expenditure of local funds within the meaning of Section 111.05 of the Constitution of Alabama of 2022.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: To provide a cost-of-living increase for state employees for the fiscal year beginning October 1. Description: To provide a cost-of-living increase for state employees for the fiscal year beginning October 1
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: To make an appropriation of $169,633 from the State General Fund to the Coalition Against Domestic Violence for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2024, to require an operations plan and an audited financial statement prior to the release of any funds, and to require quarterly and end of the year performance reports.. Description: To make an appropriation of $169,633 from the State General Fund to the Coalition Against Domestic Violence for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2024, to require an operations plan and an audited financial statement prior to the release of any funds, and to require quarterly and end of the year performance reports.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to state, county, and municipal sales and use taxes; to amend Section 40-23-5, Code of Alabama 1975, to exempt capital expenditures of the Birmingham Zoo from state, county, and municipal sales and use taxes through September 30, 2027.. Description: Relating to state, county, and municipal sales and use taxes; to amend Section 40-23-5, Code of Alabama 1975, to exempt capital expenditures of the Birmingham Zoo from state, county, and municipal sales and use taxes through September 30, 2027.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to public contracts; to amend Section 39-3-4, Code of Alabama 1975, to provide requirements for the use of iron produced within the United States for certain public works projects under certain conditions.. Description: Relating to public contracts; to amend Section 39-3-4, Code of Alabama 1975, to provide requirements for the use of iron produced within the United States for certain public works projects under certain conditions.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to income taxes; to provide a one-time refundable income tax credit to qualified taxpayers to partially offset the amount of sales taxes paid on groceries throughout the tax year; to create the Refundable Tax Credit Fund in the State Treasury; to provide that refundable credits would not be taxable for Alabama income tax purposes; and to provide an effective date.. Description: Relating to income taxes; to provide a one-time refundable income tax credit to qualified taxpayers to partially offset the amount of sales taxes paid on groceries throughout the tax year; to create the Refundable Tax Credit Fund in the State Treasury; to provide that refundable credits would not be taxable for Alabama income tax purposes; and to provide an effective date.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to tax exemptions, to amend Section 40-9-12, Code of Alabama 1975, to change the name of the National Foundation to reflect its current name, the March of Dimes Inc.. Description: Relating to tax exemptions, to amend Section 40-9-12, Code of Alabama 1975, to change the name of the National Foundation to reflect its current name, the March of Dimes Inc.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to the Insurance Department; to amend Section 27-2-39 of the Code of Alabama 1975, to authorize the department to post notice of hearings for the consideration of matters which would otherwise require separate notices to more than 50 persons on a website maintained by the department; and to require the department to post notices of hearings held for consideration of rules of the commissioner on a website maintained by the department and to publish the notices in the Alabama Administrative Monthly.. Description: Relating to the Insurance Department; to amend Section 27-2-39 of the Code of Alabama 1975, to authorize the department to post notice of hearings for the consideration of matters which would otherwise require separate notices to more than 50 persons on a website maintained by the department; and to require the department to post notices of hearings held for consideration of rules of the commissioner on a website maintained by the department and to publish the notices in the Alabama Administrative Monthly.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to the Alabama Medical Liability Act of 1996; to amend Section 6-5-549.1 of the Code of Alabama 1975, to provide that the term "health care provider" as used in that act and the Alabama Medical Liability Act of 1987 would include emergency medical services personnel and any emergency medical provider service.. Description: Relating to the Alabama Medical Liability Act of 1996; to amend Section 6-5-549.1 of the Code of Alabama 1975, to provide that the term "health care provider" as used in that act and the Alabama Medical Liability Act of 1987 would include emergency medical services personnel and any emergency medical provider service.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to building codes; to authorize  the use of certain refrigerants and refrigerant-equipped products that are in compliance with the National Clean Air Act.. Description: Relating to building codes; to authorize  the use of certain refrigerants and refrigerant-equipped products that are in compliance with the National Clean Air Act.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to public high schools; to require students to complete a personal financial literacy and money management course before graduation; to provide for the creation and administration of a financial literacy examination; and to require the reporting of a summary of examination results to the State Department of Education.. Description: Relating to public high schools; to require students to complete a personal financial literacy and money management course before graduation; to provide for the creation and administration of a financial literacy examination; and to require the reporting of a summary of examination results to the State Department of Education.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to Randolph County; to authorize the establishment of voting centers; and to validate existing county voting centers.. Description: Relating to Randolph County; to authorize the establishment of voting centers; and to validate existing county voting centers.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to alcoholic beverages; to amend Section 2 of Act 2022-431 of the 2022 Regular Session, now appearing as Section 28-3A-13.3, Code of Alabama 1975, to revise the amounts of alcoholic beverages that may be sold curbside.. Description: Relating to alcoholic beverages; to amend Section 2 of Act 2022-431 of the 2022 Regular Session, now appearing as Section 28-3A-13.3, Code of Alabama 1975, to revise the amounts of alcoholic beverages that may be sold curbside.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to Houston County; to provide for contracting of police services by a municipality with the Sheriff of Houston County; and to provide for compensation and distribution.. Description: Relating to Houston County; to provide for contracting of police services by a municipality with the Sheriff of Houston County; and to provide for compensation and distribution.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to public works contracts; to amend Sections 39-1-1, 39-2-1, 39-2-2, and 39-2-6, Code of Alabama 1975, to increase the threshold dollar amount for which competitive bidding is generally required; to further provide for certain notice procedures; to authorize the publication of notice by electronic means; to authorize the use of electronic sealed bids; and in connection therewith would have as its purpose or effect the requirement of a new or increased expenditure of local funds within the meaning of Section 111.05 of the Constitution of Alabama of 2022.. Description: Relating to public works contracts; to amend Sections 39-1-1, 39-2-1, 39-2-2, and 39-2-6, Code of Alabama 1975, to increase the threshold dollar amount for which competitive bidding is generally required; to further provide for certain notice procedures; to authorize the publication of notice by electronic means; to authorize the use of electronic sealed bids; and in connection therewith would have as its purpose or effect the requirement of a new or increased expenditure of local funds within the meaning of Section 111.05 of the Constitution of Alabama of 2022.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to distinctive motor vehicle license plates; to amend Section 32-6-281, Code of Alabama 1975, to provide for the distribution of proceeds of sales of distinctive motor vehicle license plates to emergency medical services providers.. Description: Relating to distinctive motor vehicle license plates; to amend Section 32-6-281, Code of Alabama 1975, to provide for the distribution of proceeds of sales of distinctive motor vehicle license plates to emergency medical services providers.
In 2023, Alabama enrolled a bill titled: Relating to the Alabama Sunset Law; to continue the existence and functioning of the Alabama Athlete Agents Commission until October 1, 2027.. Description: Relating to the Alabama Sunset Law; to continue the existence and functioning of the Alabama Athlete Agents Commission until October 1, 2027.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to charitable organizations; to amend Section 13A-9-71, Code of Alabama 1975, to prohibit the imposition of certain filing or reporting requirements on certain charitable organizations.. Description: Relating to charitable organizations; to amend Section 13A-9-71, Code of Alabama 1975, to prohibit the imposition of certain filing or reporting requirements on certain charitable organizations.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to Walker County; to authorize the Walker County Commission to establish voting centers throughout Walker County.. Description: Relating to Walker County; to authorize the Walker County Commission to establish voting centers throughout Walker County.
In 2023, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Relating to the Alabama Forestry Commission; to establish the Rural Logging Efficiency Act of 2023; to create the Logging Efficiency Grant Fund to be administered by the Alabama Forestry Commission; and to provide for the distribution of funding to the Alabama Forestry Commission to support rural economic development.. Description: Relating to the Alabama Forestry Commission; to establish the Rural Logging Efficiency Act of 2023; to create the Logging Efficiency Grant Fund to be administered by the Alabama Forestry Commission; and to provide for the distribution of funding to the Alabama Forestry Commission to support rural economic development.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to the Alabama Sunset Law; to continue the existence and functioning of the Alabama Board of Massage Therapy until October 1, 2024, with certain modifications: To amend Sections 34-43-6, 34-43-9, 34-43-11, 34-43-14, 34-43-15, 34-43-20, and 34-43-21, Code of Alabama 1975, as amended by Act 2022-408, 2022 Regular Session; to require representation on the board from each Congressional District; to require meetings to be recorded, upon request; to require the publication of proposed rules and related proceedings on the board website; and to cap certain fees charged by the board.. Description: Relating to the Alabama Sunset Law; to continue the existence and functioning of the Alabama Board of Massage Therapy until October 1, 2024, with certain modifications: To amend Sections 34-43-6, 34-43-9, 34-43-11, 34-43-14, 34-43-15, 34-43-20, and 34-43-21, Code of Alabama 1975, as amended by Act 2022-408, 2022 Regular Session; to require representation on the board from each Congressional District; to require meetings to be recorded, upon request; to require the publication of proposed rules and related proceedings on the board website; and to cap certain fees charged by the board.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to the Alabama Sunset Law; to continue the existence and functioning of the State Licensing Board for General Contractors until October 1, 2024.. Description: Relating to the Alabama Sunset Law; to continue the existence and functioning of the State Licensing Board for General Contractors until October 1, 2024.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to the Alabama Sunset Law; to continue the existence and functioning of the Alabama Onsite Wastewater Board until October 1, 2027.. Description: Relating to the Alabama Sunset Law; to continue the existence and functioning of the Alabama Onsite Wastewater Board until October 1, 2027.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to the Alabama Sunset Law; to continue the existence and functioning of the Alabama Real Estate Commission until October 1, 2024.. Description: Relating to the Alabama Sunset Law; to continue the existence and functioning of the Alabama Real Estate Commission until October 1, 2024.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to the Alabama Sunset Law; to continue the existence and functioning of the Alabama Professional Bail Bonding Board until October 1, 2025.. Description: Relating to the Alabama Sunset Law; to continue the existence and functioning of the Alabama Professional Bail Bonding Board until October 1, 2025.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to the Alabama Sunset Law; to continue the existence and functioning of the Alabama State Board of Occupational Therapy until October 1, 2027.. Description: Relating to the Alabama Sunset Law; to continue the existence and functioning of the Alabama State Board of Occupational Therapy until October 1, 2027.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to the Alabama Sunset Law; to continue the existence and functioning of the State Board of Licensure for Professional Engineers and Land Surveyors until October 1, 2027.. Description: Relating to the Alabama Sunset Law; to continue the existence and functioning of the State Board of Licensure for Professional Engineers and Land Surveyors until October 1, 2027.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to the Alabama Sunset Law; to continue the existence and functioning of the Alabama Security Regulatory Board until October 1, 2027.. Description: Relating to the Alabama Sunset Law; to continue the existence and functioning of the Alabama Security Regulatory Board until October 1, 2027.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to the Alabama Sunset Law; to continue the existence and functioning of the Alabama Historical Commission until October 1, 2027.. Description: Relating to the Alabama Sunset Law; to continue the existence and functioning of the Alabama Historical Commission until October 1, 2027.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to the Alabama Sunset Law; to continue the existence and functioning of the State Board for Registration of Architects until October 1, 2027.. Description: Relating to the Alabama Sunset Law; to continue the existence and functioning of the State Board for Registration of Architects until October 1, 2027.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to the Alabama Sunset Law; to continue the existence and functioning of the Polygraph Examiners Board until October 1, 2027.. Description: Relating to the Alabama Sunset Law; to continue the existence and functioning of the Polygraph Examiners Board until October 1, 2027.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to the Alabama Sunset Law; to continue the existence and functioning of the Board of Examiners on Admission to the State Bar until October 1, 2027.. Description: Relating to the Alabama Sunset Law; to continue the existence and functioning of the Board of Examiners on Admission to the State Bar until October 1, 2027.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to the Alabama Sunset Law; to continue the existence and functioning of the Alabama Construction Recruitment Institute until October 1, 2026.. Description: Relating to the Alabama Sunset Law; to continue the existence and functioning of the Alabama Construction Recruitment Institute until October 1, 2026.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to the Alabama Sunset Law; to continue the existence and functioning of the Alabama Athletic Commission until October 1, 2027.. Description: Relating to the Alabama Sunset Law; to continue the existence and functioning of the Alabama Athletic Commission until October 1, 2027.
In 2023, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: To enact the Pregnancy Resource Act; Relating to income tax; to provide a state income tax credit to individuals and businesses that make contributions to eligible charitable organizations that operate as a pregnancy center or residential maternity facility; and to specify the obligations of the Department of Revenue in implementing the act.. Description: To enact the Pregnancy Resource Act; Relating to income tax; to provide a state income tax credit to individuals and businesses that make contributions to eligible charitable organizations that operate as a pregnancy center or residential maternity facility; and to specify the obligations of the Department of Revenue in implementing the act.
In 2023, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Relating to voting; to prohibit any person from distributing, ordering, requesting, collecting, completing, obtaining, or delivering an absentee ballot application or absentee ballot of another person in certain circumstances; to provide for exceptions; to prohibit a person from receiving a payment or providing a payment to another person for distributing, ordering, requesting, collecting, completing, obtaining, or delivering an absentee ballot application or absentee ballot of another person in certain circumstance; and in connection therewith would have as its purpose or effect the requirement of a new or increased expenditure of local funds within the meaning of Section 111.05 of the Constitution of Alabama of 2022.. Description: Relating to voting; to prohibit any person from distributing, ordering, requesting, collecting, completing, obtaining, or delivering an absentee ballot application or absentee ballot of another person in certain circumstances; to provide for exceptions; to prohibit a person from receiving a payment or providing a payment to another person for distributing, ordering, requesting, collecting, completing, obtaining, or delivering an absentee ballot application or absentee ballot of another person in certain circumstance; and in connection therewith would have as its purpose or effect the requirement of a new or increased expenditure of local funds within the meaning of Section 111.05 of the Constitution of Alabama of 2022.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to mandatory motor vehicle liability insurance; to amend Section 32-7A-5, Code of Alabama 1975, to provide an exception to allow an individual on active military duty, whose motor vehicle is registered in Alabama but who, as a result of his or her military assignment, is required to reside in another state, to satisfy the requirement for mandatory motor vehicle liability insurance by purchasing liability coverage in the state where residing on active military duty or assignment in an amount equal to or greater than the minimum amount required in Alabama.. Description: Relating to mandatory motor vehicle liability insurance; to amend Section 32-7A-5, Code of Alabama 1975, to provide an exception to allow an individual on active military duty, whose motor vehicle is registered in Alabama but who, as a result of his or her military assignment, is required to reside in another state, to satisfy the requirement for mandatory motor vehicle liability insurance by purchasing liability coverage in the state where residing on active military duty or assignment in an amount equal to or greater than the minimum amount required in Alabama.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to motor vehicle registration. Description: Relating to motor vehicle registration
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to the Volunteer Rescue Squad Tuition Reimbursement Act of 2018; to amend Sections 22-18-60, 22-18-61, 22-18-63, and 22-18-64, Code of Alabama 1975, to decrease the required contracted for service time after graduation and licensing from three years to two years; to expand the program to include students who contract and provide service to ambulance services; to provide exclusions from reimbursement; and to increase the amount of operational expenses reimbursed to the Alabama Community College System; and to add Section 22-18-61.1 to the Code of Alabama 1975, to provide for the retroactive reimbursement of certain fees and expenses.. Description: Relating to the Volunteer Rescue Squad Tuition Reimbursement Act of 2018; to amend Sections 22-18-60, 22-18-61, 22-18-63, and 22-18-64, Code of Alabama 1975, to decrease the required contracted for service time after graduation and licensing from three years to two years; to expand the program to include students who contract and provide service to ambulance services; to provide exclusions from reimbursement; and to increase the amount of operational expenses reimbursed to the Alabama Community College System; and to add Section 22-18-61.1 to the Code of Alabama 1975, to provide for the retroactive reimbursement of certain fees and expenses.
In 2023, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Relating to consumer credit financing in the sale or lease of motor vehicles; to amend Section 8-37A-4 of the Code of Alabama 1975, as added by Act 2022-179 of the 2022 Regular Session, relating to motor vehicle value protection agreements and the requirements of a provider of the agreements to insure performance of the obligations of the provider; to further clarify the requirements of an insurance policy maintained by the provider for this purpose.. Description: Relating to consumer credit financing in the sale or lease of motor vehicles; to amend Section 8-37A-4 of the Code of Alabama 1975, as added by Act 2022-179 of the 2022 Regular Session, relating to motor vehicle value protection agreements and the requirements of a provider of the agreements to insure performance of the obligations of the provider; to further clarify the requirements of an insurance policy maintained by the provider for this purpose.
In 2023, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Relating to motor vehicle licenses and registration; to amend Section 32-6-62, Code of Alabama 1975, to extend the validity period of motor vehicle license plate designs from five years to 10 years.. Description: Relating to motor vehicle licenses and registration; to amend Section 32-6-62, Code of Alabama 1975, to extend the validity period of motor vehicle license plate designs from five years to 10 years.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to gross income; to amend Section 40-18-14, Code of Alabama 1975; to exclude hours worked above 40 in any given week from gross income.. Description: Relating to gross income; to amend Section 40-18-14, Code of Alabama 1975; to exclude hours worked above 40 in any given week from gross income.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: To amend Section 17-3-8, Code of Alabama 1975, as last amended by Act 2022-112 of the 2022 Regular Session, relating to meeting days of boards of registrars; to increase the number of working days that the Shelby County Board of Registrars may meet each week.. Description: To amend Section 17-3-8, Code of Alabama 1975, as last amended by Act 2022-112 of the 2022 Regular Session, relating to meeting days of boards of registrars; to increase the number of working days that the Shelby County Board of Registrars may meet each week.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to Cherokee County; to amend Section 45-10-201, Code of Alabama 1975, to provide for the transfer of the duties of the license commissioner to the revenue commissioner; and to make nonsubstantive, technical revisions to update the existing code language to current style.. Description: Relating to Cherokee County; to amend Section 45-10-201, Code of Alabama 1975, to provide for the transfer of the duties of the license commissioner to the revenue commissioner; and to make nonsubstantive, technical revisions to update the existing code language to current style.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to Autauga County; to further provide for the regulation of the sale of alcoholic beverages in the unincorporated areas of the county; to authorize the Autauga County Commission to issue a separate county business license for any person or business required to have a retail license from the Alcoholic Beverage Control (ABC) Board for the sale of alcoholic beverages in the unincorporated areas of the county; and to provide for a fee for the license and for the enforcement of this requirement.. Description: Relating to Autauga County; to further provide for the regulation of the sale of alcoholic beverages in the unincorporated areas of the county; to authorize the Autauga County Commission to issue a separate county business license for any person or business required to have a retail license from the Alcoholic Beverage Control (ABC) Board for the sale of alcoholic beverages in the unincorporated areas of the county; and to provide for a fee for the license and for the enforcement of this requirement.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to Cullman County; to provide for the creation, funding, and operation of the Cullman County Legislative Delegation Fund; to provide for the distribution of the net proceeds of the state beer tax payable to Cullman County and the additional three percent of TVA in-lieu-of taxes payments received by Cullman County; to abolish the Cullman County Community Development Commission; and to repeal Section 45-22-90, Code of Alabama 1975.. Description: Relating to Cullman County; to provide for the creation, funding, and operation of the Cullman County Legislative Delegation Fund; to provide for the distribution of the net proceeds of the state beer tax payable to Cullman County and the additional three percent of TVA in-lieu-of taxes payments received by Cullman County; to abolish the Cullman County Community Development Commission; and to repeal Section 45-22-90, Code of Alabama 1975.
In 2023, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Relating to sentencing; to add Section 13A-5-14 to the Code of Alabama 1975, to provide that an individual sentenced pursuant to the habitual felony offender law may be resentenced in certain circumstances; and to provide for the repeal of this section in five years.. Description: Relating to sentencing; to add Section 13A-5-14 to the Code of Alabama 1975, to provide that an individual sentenced pursuant to the habitual felony offender law may be resentenced in certain circumstances; and to provide for the repeal of this section in five years.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to crimes and offenses; to add Section 13A-6-30 to the Code of Alabama 1975, to create the crime of chemical endangerment of a first responder, to provide for an exception, and establish penalties for violations; and in connection therewith would have as its purpose or effect the requirement of a new or increased expenditure of local funds within the meaning of Section 111.05 of the Constitution of Alabama of 2022.. Description: Relating to crimes and offenses; to add Section 13A-6-30 to the Code of Alabama 1975, to create the crime of chemical endangerment of a first responder, to provide for an exception, and establish penalties for violations; and in connection therewith would have as its purpose or effect the requirement of a new or increased expenditure of local funds within the meaning of Section 111.05 of the Constitution of Alabama of 2022.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to the City of Calera; to authorize the City Council of the City of Calera to establish and regulate the operation of entertainment districts as designated by the Calera City Code; and to authorize the city council to provide penalties for violations.. Description: Relating to the City of Calera; to authorize the City Council of the City of Calera to establish and regulate the operation of entertainment districts as designated by the Calera City Code; and to authorize the city council to provide penalties for violations.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to the City of Tuscaloosa; to amend Section 8 of Act 2011-660, 2011 Regular Session (Acts 2011, p. 1751) to further provide that crime prevention programs and the Behavioral Health Unit of the Tuscaloosa Police Department shall share in the disbursement of application fees from the pretrial diversion program.. Description: Relating to the City of Tuscaloosa; to amend Section 8 of Act 2011-660, 2011 Regular Session (Acts 2011, p. 1751) to further provide that crime prevention programs and the Behavioral Health Unit of the Tuscaloosa Police Department shall share in the disbursement of application fees from the pretrial diversion program.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to the City of Tuscaloosa; to authorize the City of Tuscaloosa to join the Employees’ Retirement System of Alabama for its police and firefighter employees and transfer assets and liabilities of the existing Tuscaloosa Police and Firefighters Retirement Plan to the Employees' Retirement System of Alabama as set forth in Chapter 27 of Title 36, Code of Alabama 1975.. Description: Relating to the City of Tuscaloosa; to authorize the City of Tuscaloosa to join the Employees’ Retirement System of Alabama for its police and firefighter employees and transfer assets and liabilities of the existing Tuscaloosa Police and Firefighters Retirement Plan to the Employees' Retirement System of Alabama as set forth in Chapter 27 of Title 36, Code of Alabama 1975.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to crimes and offenses; to amend Section 13A-10-11, Code of Alabama 1975, to further provide for the definition of "peace officer" regarding the crime of impersonating a peace officer; and in connection therewith would have as its purpose or effect the requirement of a new or increased expenditure of local funds within the meaning of Section 111.05 of the Constitution of Alabama of 2022.. Description: Relating to crimes and offenses; to amend Section 13A-10-11, Code of Alabama 1975, to further provide for the definition of "peace officer" regarding the crime of impersonating a peace officer; and in connection therewith would have as its purpose or effect the requirement of a new or increased expenditure of local funds within the meaning of Section 111.05 of the Constitution of Alabama of 2022.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to Calhoun County; to authorize the sheriff and commissioner of licenses to obtain and use a credit card for official uses.. Description: Relating to Calhoun County; to authorize the sheriff and commissioner of licenses to obtain and use a credit card for official uses.
In 2023, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Relating to economic development; to add Section 40-18-379.1 to the Code of Alabama 1975, to require the Department of Commerce to publish certain information regarding economic development incentives awarded under the Alabama Jobs Act.. Description: Relating to economic development; to add Section 40-18-379.1 to the Code of Alabama 1975, to require the Department of Commerce to publish certain information regarding economic development incentives awarded under the Alabama Jobs Act.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to the Alabama Jobs Act and the Growing Alabama Act; to amend Sections 40-18-370, 40-18-372, 40-18-374, 40-18-375, 40-18-376, 40-18-376.1, 40-18-376.2, 40-18-376.3, 40-18-376.4, 40-18-377, 40-18-378, 40-18-382, 40-18-383, 40-18-417.1, 40-18-417.2, 40-18-417.3, 40-18-417.4, 40-18-417.7, and 40-9B-4.1, Code of Alabama 1975, to extend the Alabama Jobs Act sunset date to July 31, 2028; to increase the annualized cap on outstanding Alabama Jobs Act incentives by twenty-five million dollars each year for five years up to four hundred seventy-five million dollars; to increase the investment tax credit transfer time to provide that the first five years of the investment credit may be transferred by the incentivized company and applied by another person or company under the Alabama Jobs Act; to extend the Growing Alabama Act sunset date to July 31, 2028, to increase the annual cap on funding approved pursuant to the Growing Alabama Act to thirty-five million dollars; to remove certain programs from the Growing Alabama Act for the transfer to Innovate Alabama.. Description: Relating to the Alabama Jobs Act and the Growing Alabama Act; to amend Sections 40-18-370, 40-18-372, 40-18-374, 40-18-375, 40-18-376, 40-18-376.1, 40-18-376.2, 40-18-376.3, 40-18-376.4, 40-18-377, 40-18-378, 40-18-382, 40-18-383, 40-18-417.1, 40-18-417.2, 40-18-417.3, 40-18-417.4, 40-18-417.7, and 40-9B-4.1, Code of Alabama 1975, to extend the Alabama Jobs Act sunset date to July 31, 2028; to increase the annualized cap on outstanding Alabama Jobs Act incentives by twenty-five million dollars each year for five years up to four hundred seventy-five million dollars; to increase the investment tax credit transfer time to provide that the first five years of the investment credit may be transferred by the incentivized company and applied by another person or company under the Alabama Jobs Act; to extend the Growing Alabama Act sunset date to July 31, 2028, to increase the annual cap on funding approved pursuant to the Growing Alabama Act to thirty-five million dollars; to remove certain programs from the Growing Alabama Act for the transfer to Innovate Alabama.
In 2023, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Relating to the Board of Medical Examiners; to amend Sections 34-24-50.1 and 34-24-70, Code of Alabama 1975, to provide further for qualifications for licensure as a physician; and to add Section 34-24-75.2 to the Code of Alabama 1975, to authorize the board to issue permits for certain medical school graduates to practice medicine in a limited capacity for a limited time as bridge year graduate physicians.. Description: Relating to the Board of Medical Examiners; to amend Sections 34-24-50.1 and 34-24-70, Code of Alabama 1975, to provide further for qualifications for licensure as a physician; and to add Section 34-24-75.2 to the Code of Alabama 1975, to authorize the board to issue permits for certain medical school graduates to practice medicine in a limited capacity for a limited time as bridge year graduate physicians.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to guardians ad litem; to amend Section 15-12-21, Code of Alabama 1975; to increase the compensation for an attorney appointed to serve as a guardian ad litem in certain juvenile cases.. Description: Relating to guardians ad litem; to amend Section 15-12-21, Code of Alabama 1975; to increase the compensation for an attorney appointed to serve as a guardian ad litem in certain juvenile cases.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to Blount County; to provide for a new court cost to fund payments to employees of the sheriff's office who perform hazardous duties; and conditioning operation on voter approval at a referendum.. Description: Relating to Blount County; to provide for a new court cost to fund payments to employees of the sheriff's office who perform hazardous duties; and conditioning operation on voter approval at a referendum.
In 2023, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Relating to labor and employement; to exclude consideration of a motor carrier's use of safety improvements, technologies, practices, and driver coaching in determining a motor carrier driver's classification as an independent contractor or an employee under state law.. Description: Relating to labor and employement; to exclude consideration of a motor carrier's use of safety improvements, technologies, practices, and driver coaching in determining a motor carrier driver's classification as an independent contractor or an employee under state law.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to the licensed practice of cosmetology; to provide and adopt the Cosmetology Licensure Compact to allow licensed cosmetologists to practice pursuant to a multistate license among compact states in a limited manner; to provide eligibility requirements for licensed cosmetologists to practice cosmetology pursuant to the compact; to provide for a coordinated licensure information system, joint investigations, and disciplinary actions; to establish the Cosmetology Licensure Compact Commission; to provide for the membership, powers, duties, and rulemaking functions of the commission; and to provide for oversight of the compact, enforcement of the compact, default procedures, dispute resolution, withdrawal of compact states, and amendments to the compact.. Description: Relating to the licensed practice of cosmetology; to provide and adopt the Cosmetology Licensure Compact to allow licensed cosmetologists to practice pursuant to a multistate license among compact states in a limited manner; to provide eligibility requirements for licensed cosmetologists to practice cosmetology pursuant to the compact; to provide for a coordinated licensure information system, joint investigations, and disciplinary actions; to establish the Cosmetology Licensure Compact Commission; to provide for the membership, powers, duties, and rulemaking functions of the commission; and to provide for oversight of the compact, enforcement of the compact, default procedures, dispute resolution, withdrawal of compact states, and amendments to the compact.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to economic development; to amend Sections 41-10-802 and 41-10-822, Code of Alabama 1975, to provide for a name change for the Alabama Innovation Corporation and revise the residency requirements for certain grant recipients; to amend Section 41-10-805, Code of Alabama 1975, relating to the Board of Directors of the Alabama Innovation Corporation, to make conforming changes to accurately cite the Code of Alabama 1975; and to add a new Article 22, commencing with Section 41-10-840, to Chapter 10 of Title 41, Code of Alabama 1975, to reestablish the technology accelerator tax credit program and the underrepresented company tax credit program as the Innovating Alabama tax credit program; and to exempt working groups, task forces, and subcommittees of the Alabama Innovation Corporation from the Alabama Open Meetings Act.. Description: Relating to economic development; to amend Sections 41-10-802 and 41-10-822, Code of Alabama 1975, to provide for a name change for the Alabama Innovation Corporation and revise the residency requirements for certain grant recipients; to amend Section 41-10-805, Code of Alabama 1975, relating to the Board of Directors of the Alabama Innovation Corporation, to make conforming changes to accurately cite the Code of Alabama 1975; and to add a new Article 22, commencing with Section 41-10-840, to Chapter 10 of Title 41, Code of Alabama 1975, to reestablish the technology accelerator tax credit program and the underrepresented company tax credit program as the Innovating Alabama tax credit program; and to exempt working groups, task forces, and subcommittees of the Alabama Innovation Corporation from the Alabama Open Meetings Act.
In 2023, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Relating to natural resources; to prohibit a person from introducing or placing fish into the waters of the state without a permit issued by the Commissioner of the Department of Conservation and Natural Resources; to provide exceptions; to require the commissioner to issue a permit for the introduction of black bass into the Coosa River in certain circumstances; to provide for penalties; and in connection therewith would have as its purpose or effect the requirement of a new or increased expenditure of local funds within the meaning of Section 111.05 of the Constitution of Alabama of 2022.. Description: Relating to natural resources; to prohibit a person from introducing or placing fish into the waters of the state without a permit issued by the Commissioner of the Department of Conservation and Natural Resources; to provide exceptions; to require the commissioner to issue a permit for the introduction of black bass into the Coosa River in certain circumstances; to provide for penalties; and in connection therewith would have as its purpose or effect the requirement of a new or increased expenditure of local funds within the meaning of Section 111.05 of the Constitution of Alabama of 2022.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to motor vehicle registrations; to amend Sections 32-6-350 and 32-6-350.1, Code of Alabama 1975, to authorize the issuance of a distinctive motor vehicle license plate for veterans of Operation Inherent Resolve. Description: Relating to motor vehicle registrations; to amend Sections 32-6-350 and 32-6-350.1, Code of Alabama 1975, to authorize the issuance of a distinctive motor vehicle license plate for veterans of Operation Inherent Resolve
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to taxation; to amend Sections 40-9F-31, 40-9F-33, and 40-9F-38, Code of Alabama 1975; to further provide certain age restrictions for structures to qualify for tax credits; to allow rehabilitation credits to be tied to the year in which the reservation is allocated; to provide for additional rehabilitation credit allocations; to further provide for the membership of the Historic Tax Credit Evaluating Committee and the factors considered by the committee; and to make nonsubstantive, technical revisions to update the existing code language to current style.. Description: Relating to taxation; to amend Sections 40-9F-31, 40-9F-33, and 40-9F-38, Code of Alabama 1975; to further provide certain age restrictions for structures to qualify for tax credits; to allow rehabilitation credits to be tied to the year in which the reservation is allocated; to provide for additional rehabilitation credit allocations; to further provide for the membership of the Historic Tax Credit Evaluating Committee and the factors considered by the committee; and to make nonsubstantive, technical revisions to update the existing code language to current style.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to municipalities and counties; to require all motor fuel taxes levied by municipalities and counties after the effective date of this act to be used only for road and bridge purposes with certain exceptions.. Description: Relating to municipalities and counties; to require all motor fuel taxes levied by municipalities and counties after the effective date of this act to be used only for road and bridge purposes with certain exceptions.
In 2023, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Relating to economic development; to add Article 2D, commencing with Section 41-10-47.01, to Chapter 10 of Title 41, Code of Alabama 1975; to authorize the State Industrial Development Authority to make site assessment grants and site development grants to certain companies; to provide for the criteria that must be met for grant approval; to provide for changes to criteria based on economic conditions; to limit the funding that may be received by any site under the grant program; to create the Alabama Site Development Fund and provide for its management; to amend Section 41-10-27.2, Code of Alabama 1975, providing for an annual appropriation to the State Industrial Development Authority, to authorize the appropriation to be expended on the grant program created herein; and to exempt the State Industrial Development Authority and certain economic development organizations from certain state laws.. Description: Relating to economic development; to add Article 2D, commencing with Section 41-10-47.01, to Chapter 10 of Title 41, Code of Alabama 1975; to authorize the State Industrial Development Authority to make site assessment grants and site development grants to certain companies; to provide for the criteria that must be met for grant approval; to provide for changes to criteria based on economic conditions; to limit the funding that may be received by any site under the grant program; to create the Alabama Site Development Fund and provide for its management; to amend Section 41-10-27.2, Code of Alabama 1975, providing for an annual appropriation to the State Industrial Development Authority, to authorize the appropriation to be expended on the grant program created herein; and to exempt the State Industrial Development Authority and certain economic development organizations from certain state laws.
In 2023, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Relating to state, county, and municipal sales and use taxes; to amend Section 40-23-5, Code of Alabama 1975, to exempt High Socks for Hope, Inc., from payment of state, county, and municipal sales and use taxes.. Description: Relating to state, county, and municipal sales and use taxes; to amend Section 40-23-5, Code of Alabama 1975, to exempt High Socks for Hope, Inc., from payment of state, county, and municipal sales and use taxes.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to the Alabama Electronic Security Board of Licensure; to amend Sections 34-1A-1, 34-1A-3, 34-1A-5, and 34-1A-7, Code of Alabama 1975, to create and provide for the qualifications of a qualifying agent license; to authorize the board to levy and collect administrative fines; to revise the process for pursuing disciplinary actions and cease and desist orders; and in connection therewith would have as its purpose or effect the requirement of a new or increased expenditure of local funds within the meaning of Section 111.05 of the Constitution of Alabama of 2022. Description: Relating to the Alabama Electronic Security Board of Licensure; to amend Sections 34-1A-1, 34-1A-3, 34-1A-5, and 34-1A-7, Code of Alabama 1975, to create and provide for the qualifications of a qualifying agent license; to authorize the board to levy and collect administrative fines; to revise the process for pursuing disciplinary actions and cease and desist orders; and in connection therewith would have as its purpose or effect the requirement of a new or increased expenditure of local funds within the meaning of Section 111.05 of the Constitution of Alabama of 2022
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to two-year and four-year public institutions of higher education; to amend Section 16-1-52, Code of Alabama 1975, to prohibit a biological male from participating on an athletic team or sport designated for females; to prohibit a biological female from participating on an athletic team or sport designated for males; to prohibit adverse action against a public K-12 school or public two-year or four-year institution of higher education for complying with this act; to prohibit adverse action or retaliation against a student who reports a violation of this act; and to provide a remedy for any student who suffers harm or is directy deprived of an athletic opportunity as a result of a violation of this act.. Description: Relating to two-year and four-year public institutions of higher education; to amend Section 16-1-52, Code of Alabama 1975, to prohibit a biological male from participating on an athletic team or sport designated for females; to prohibit a biological female from participating on an athletic team or sport designated for males; to prohibit adverse action against a public K-12 school or public two-year or four-year institution of higher education for complying with this act; to prohibit adverse action or retaliation against a student who reports a violation of this act; and to provide a remedy for any student who suffers harm or is directy deprived of an athletic opportunity as a result of a violation of this act.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to the practice of dentistry and dental hygiene; to amend Sections 34-9-1, 34-9-5, 34-9-10, 34-9-11, 34-9-15, 34-9-26, 34-9-27, 34-9-43, 34-9-60, 34-9-63, and 34-9-86, Code of Alabama 1975; to further provide for penalties for violations; and qualifications for licensure and administration of controlled substances by dentists and dental hygienists.. Description: Relating to the practice of dentistry and dental hygiene; to amend Sections 34-9-1, 34-9-5, 34-9-10, 34-9-11, 34-9-15, 34-9-26, 34-9-27, 34-9-43, 34-9-60, 34-9-63, and 34-9-86, Code of Alabama 1975; to further provide for penalties for violations; and qualifications for licensure and administration of controlled substances by dentists and dental hygienists.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to the probate code; to amend Act 2022-427, 2022 Regular Session, now appearing as Sections 43-8-210, 43-8-213, and 43-8-215, Code of Alabama 1975, to provide for the jurisdiction of certain will contest proceedings that have been removed from the probate court to the circuit court; and to provide retroactive effect.. Description: Relating to the probate code; to amend Act 2022-427, 2022 Regular Session, now appearing as Sections 43-8-210, 43-8-213, and 43-8-215, Code of Alabama 1975, to provide for the jurisdiction of certain will contest proceedings that have been removed from the probate court to the circuit court; and to provide retroactive effect.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to the Alabama Business and Nonprofit Entity Code; to add Chapter 3A to Title 10A, Code of Alabama 1975, by revising the Alabama Nonprofit Corporation Law to reflect the national standards set by the Model Nonprofit Corporation Act of 2021 and the Delaware General Corporation Law; and to make conforming changes throughout the Alabama Business and Nonprofit Entity Code in order to effectuate the changes to the Alabama Nonprofit Corporation Law and conform with the other entities governed by the Alabama Business and Nonprofit Entity Code by amending Sections 10A-1-1.03, 10A-1-1.08, 10A-1-3.32, 10A-1-8.01, 10A-1-8.02, 10A-1-9.01, 10A-2A-1.40, 10A-2A-1.43, 10A-2A-1.51, 10A-2A-2.02, 10A-2A-2.06, 10A-2A-7.04, 10A-2A-7.20, 10A-2A-7.32, 10A-2A-8.10, 10A-2A-8.21, 10A-2A-8.22, 10A-2A-8.24, 10A-2A-10.06, 10A-2A-10.07, 10A-2A-10.08, 10A-2A-11.02, 10A-2A-11.06, 10A-2A-12.02, and 10A-2A-14.13, Code of Alabama 1975; adding Sections 10A-2A-10.00 and 10A-2A-10.10 to the Code of Alabama 1975; and amending Sections 10A-5A-2.03, 10A-5A-10.07, 10A-8A-9.08, 10A-9A-2.02, and 10A-9A-10.08, Code of Alabama 1975.. Description: Relating to the Alabama Business and Nonprofit Entity Code; to add Chapter 3A to Title 10A, Code of Alabama 1975, by revising the Alabama Nonprofit Corporation Law to reflect the national standards set by the Model Nonprofit Corporation Act of 2021 and the Delaware General Corporation Law; and to make conforming changes throughout the Alabama Business and Nonprofit Entity Code in order to effectuate the changes to the Alabama Nonprofit Corporation Law and conform with the other entities governed by the Alabama Business and Nonprofit Entity Code by amending Sections 10A-1-1.03, 10A-1-1.08, 10A-1-3.32, 10A-1-8.01, 10A-1-8.02, 10A-1-9.01, 10A-2A-1.40, 10A-2A-1.43, 10A-2A-1.51, 10A-2A-2.02, 10A-2A-2.06, 10A-2A-7.04, 10A-2A-7.20, 10A-2A-7.32, 10A-2A-8.10, 10A-2A-8.21, 10A-2A-8.22, 10A-2A-8.24, 10A-2A-10.06, 10A-2A-10.07, 10A-2A-10.08, 10A-2A-11.02, 10A-2A-11.06, 10A-2A-12.02, and 10A-2A-14.13, Code of Alabama 1975; adding Sections 10A-2A-10.00 and 10A-2A-10.10 to the Code of Alabama 1975; and amending Sections 10A-5A-2.03, 10A-5A-10.07, 10A-8A-9.08, 10A-9A-2.02, and 10A-9A-10.08, Code of Alabama 1975.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to Lee County; to amend Section 45-41-242.06, Code of Alabama 1975, to change the name of the Auburn-Opelika Convention and Visitors Bureau to Auburn-Opelike Tourism; and to further provide for the membership and operation of Auburn-Opelika Tourism.. Description: Relating to Lee County; to amend Section 45-41-242.06, Code of Alabama 1975, to change the name of the Auburn-Opelika Convention and Visitors Bureau to Auburn-Opelike Tourism; and to further provide for the membership and operation of Auburn-Opelika Tourism.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to crimes and offenses; to amend Section 13A-10-52, Code of Alabama 1975, to revise the criminal penalties for violations of fleeing or attempting to elude law enforcement; and in connection therewith would have as its purpose or effect the requirement of a new or increased expenditure of local funds within the meaning of Section 111.05 of the Constitution of Alabama of 2022.. Description: Relating to crimes and offenses; to amend Section 13A-10-52, Code of Alabama 1975, to revise the criminal penalties for violations of fleeing or attempting to elude law enforcement; and in connection therewith would have as its purpose or effect the requirement of a new or increased expenditure of local funds within the meaning of Section 111.05 of the Constitution of Alabama of 2022.
In 2023, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Relating to income taxes; to amend Section 40-18-15.3, Code of Alabama 1975, to revise the qualifications for employees and employers to receive the income tax deduction for health insurance premiums paid.. Description: Relating to income taxes; to amend Section 40-18-15.3, Code of Alabama 1975, to revise the qualifications for employees and employers to receive the income tax deduction for health insurance premiums paid.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to the City of Northport in Tuscaloosa County; to provide for a warrant recall fee to allow a municipal judge or municipal magistrate for the City of Northport to recall, under certain conditions, a failure to appear warrant.. Description: Relating to the City of Northport in Tuscaloosa County; to provide for a warrant recall fee to allow a municipal judge or municipal magistrate for the City of Northport to recall, under certain conditions, a failure to appear warrant.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to sheriffs; to provide for the acting sheriff when the office of sheriff of a county is vacant or when certain other circumstances exist in the county; and to repeal Section 11-5-5 of the Code of Alabama 1975, relating to the county coroner serving as sheriff when the office of sheriff is vacant or when certain other circumstances exist in the county.. Description: Relating to sheriffs; to provide for the acting sheriff when the office of sheriff of a county is vacant or when certain other circumstances exist in the county; and to repeal Section 11-5-5 of the Code of Alabama 1975, relating to the county coroner serving as sheriff when the office of sheriff is vacant or when certain other circumstances exist in the county.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to public records; to add Section 41-13-7.1 to the Code of Alabama 1975, to prohibit the disclosure of personal identifying information of state legislators and law enforcement officers and employees upon request of the state legislator, officer, or employee; and in connection therewith would have as its purpose or effect the requirement of a new or increased expenditure of local funds within the meaning of Section 111.05 of the Constitution of Alabama of 2022.. Description: Relating to public records; to add Section 41-13-7.1 to the Code of Alabama 1975, to prohibit the disclosure of personal identifying information of state legislators and law enforcement officers and employees upon request of the state legislator, officer, or employee; and in connection therewith would have as its purpose or effect the requirement of a new or increased expenditure of local funds within the meaning of Section 111.05 of the Constitution of Alabama of 2022.
In 2023, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Relating to Medicaid; to amend Section 40-26B-26, Code of Alabama 1975, to revise the circumstances under which the Alabama Medicaid Agency may revise the ceiling for the Medicaid reimbursement rate to nursing facilities during a given fiscal year; and to make nonsubstantive, technical revisions to update the existing code language to current style.. Description: Relating to Medicaid; to amend Section 40-26B-26, Code of Alabama 1975, to revise the circumstances under which the Alabama Medicaid Agency may revise the ceiling for the Medicaid reimbursement rate to nursing facilities during a given fiscal year; and to make nonsubstantive, technical revisions to update the existing code language to current style.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to crimes and offenses; to create the crime of doxing; to establish penalties for violations; and in connection therewith would have as its purpose or effect the requirement of a new or increased expenditure of local funds within the meaning of Section 111.05 of the Constitution of Alabama of 2022.. Description: Relating to crimes and offenses; to create the crime of doxing; to establish penalties for violations; and in connection therewith would have as its purpose or effect the requirement of a new or increased expenditure of local funds within the meaning of Section 111.05 of the Constitution of Alabama of 2022.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to law enforcement agency recordings; to provide for circumstances and procedures to disclose or release recordings made by body-worn cameras or dashboard cameras used by law enforcement agencies; and to provide who may request disclosure or release and the procedure for requesting disclosure or release of recordings. . Description: Relating to law enforcement agency recordings; to provide for circumstances and procedures to disclose or release recordings made by body-worn cameras or dashboard cameras used by law enforcement agencies; and to provide who may request disclosure or release and the procedure for requesting disclosure or release of recordings. 
In 2023, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Relating to exemptions from ad valorem taxation; to amend Section 40-9-1, as last amended by Act 2022-199 of the 2022 Regular Session, Code of Alabama 1975; to exempt certain aircraft from ad valorem taxation.. Description: Relating to exemptions from ad valorem taxation; to amend Section 40-9-1, as last amended by Act 2022-199 of the 2022 Regular Session, Code of Alabama 1975; to exempt certain aircraft from ad valorem taxation.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to port credits; to amend Sections 40-18-401 and 40-18-403, Code of Alabama 1975, to expand the cap of the port credit and to expand tax incentives for businesses and enterprises who increase their cargo volume through Alabama public ports.. Description: Relating to port credits; to amend Sections 40-18-401 and 40-18-403, Code of Alabama 1975, to expand the cap of the port credit and to expand tax incentives for businesses and enterprises who increase their cargo volume through Alabama public ports.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to Lamar County, to revise the compensation of the county coroner.. Description: Relating to Lamar County, to revise the compensation of the county coroner.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to the United States Armed Forces; to include the United States Space Force in all collective references to the United States Armed Forces.. Description: Relating to the United States Armed Forces; to include the United States Space Force in all collective references to the United States Armed Forces.
In 2023, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Relating to consumption of fishes; to require the State Health Officer to issue advisories concerning fish consumption and to establish a panel to advise on and discuss this issue; to require the Department of Environmental Management to test fishes for pollutants and post signage at water bodies notifying of an active fish consumption advisory; to require the Department of Conservation and Natural Resources to notify fish license purchasers of all active advisories; and to require holders of National Pollution Discharge Elimination System permits to post signage identifying outfalls.. Description: Relating to consumption of fishes; to require the State Health Officer to issue advisories concerning fish consumption and to establish a panel to advise on and discuss this issue; to require the Department of Environmental Management to test fishes for pollutants and post signage at water bodies notifying of an active fish consumption advisory; to require the Department of Conservation and Natural Resources to notify fish license purchasers of all active advisories; and to require holders of National Pollution Discharge Elimination System permits to post signage identifying outfalls.
In 2023, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Relating to consumer protection; to require certain manufacturers of Internet-enabled devices to activate existing filters to restrict access to certain material; to provide for a cause of action; to provide civil penalties.. Description: Relating to consumer protection; to require certain manufacturers of Internet-enabled devices to activate existing filters to restrict access to certain material; to provide for a cause of action; to provide civil penalties.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to Chambers County; to further provide for the expense allowance and salary of the Revenue Commissioner of Chambers County.. Description: Relating to Chambers County; to further provide for the expense allowance and salary of the Revenue Commissioner of Chambers County.
In 2023, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Relating to the Alabama Board of Electrical Contractors; to amend Sections 34-36-3, 34-36-4, 34-36-6, 34-36-7, 34-36-8, 34-36-9, 34-36-13, and 34-36-16, Code of Alabama 1975; to provide further for definitions, to delete references to master electrician; to provide further for the election of board officers; to provide further for the duties of the board, including the subpoena of witnesses, the investigation of complaints, and providing for reciprocity; to provide an individual previously issued a provisional license three years to take the licensure examination, and require the board to waive the examination fee for one sitting; to lessen the time frame for restoring an expired license from five years to two years; to provide further for exemptions; to remove the authority of a county or municipality to require an additional electrical contracting proficiency examination before issuing a local license to work within the county or municipality; and in connection therewith would have as its purpose or effect the requirement of a new or increased expenditure of local funds within the meaning of Section 111.05 of the Constitution of Alabama of 2022.. Description: Relating to the Alabama Board of Electrical Contractors; to amend Sections 34-36-3, 34-36-4, 34-36-6, 34-36-7, 34-36-8, 34-36-9, 34-36-13, and 34-36-16, Code of Alabama 1975; to provide further for definitions, to delete references to master electrician; to provide further for the election of board officers; to provide further for the duties of the board, including the subpoena of witnesses, the investigation of complaints, and providing for reciprocity; to provide an individual previously issued a provisional license three years to take the licensure examination, and require the board to waive the examination fee for one sitting; to lessen the time frame for restoring an expired license from five years to two years; to provide further for exemptions; to remove the authority of a county or municipality to require an additional electrical contracting proficiency examination before issuing a local license to work within the county or municipality; and in connection therewith would have as its purpose or effect the requirement of a new or increased expenditure of local funds within the meaning of Section 111.05 of the Constitution of Alabama of 2022.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to Talladega County; to create and provide for the distribution of an additional motor vehicle registration fee of two dollars; and to create the Sheriff's Law Enforcement Fund for the deposit of the proceeds from the fee.. Description: Relating to Talladega County; to create and provide for the distribution of an additional motor vehicle registration fee of two dollars; and to create the Sheriff's Law Enforcement Fund for the deposit of the proceeds from the fee.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to alcoholic beverage sales; to amend Section 28-3A-17.2, Code of Alabama 1975; to further provide for alcoholic beverage sales by food and beverage trucks within established entertainment districts by extending the license to municipalities in all classes.. Description: Relating to alcoholic beverage sales; to amend Section 28-3A-17.2, Code of Alabama 1975; to further provide for alcoholic beverage sales by food and beverage trucks within established entertainment districts by extending the license to municipalities in all classes.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to Pickens County; to provide for a new court cost to pay for service of process by the sheriff of documents filed in the district and circuit courts in Pickens County; and to deposit the proceeds into the Pickens County Sheriff's Law Enforcement Fund.. Description: Relating to Pickens County; to provide for a new court cost to pay for service of process by the sheriff of documents filed in the district and circuit courts in Pickens County; and to deposit the proceeds into the Pickens County Sheriff's Law Enforcement Fund.
In 2023, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Relating to the practice of dentistry; to amend Sections 34-9-1, 34-9-3, 34-9-6, 34-9-13, 34-9-15.1, and 34-9-18, Code of Alabama 1975, and to add Sections 34-9-6.2 and 34-9-19.2 to the Code of Alabama 1975, to provide for the use of teledentistry orthodontia services in the state by licensed dentists; to provide certain requirements for advertisements featuring teledentistry; and to require the Board of Dental Examiners of Alabama to adopt rules relating to teledentistry.. Description: Relating to the practice of dentistry; to amend Sections 34-9-1, 34-9-3, 34-9-6, 34-9-13, 34-9-15.1, and 34-9-18, Code of Alabama 1975, and to add Sections 34-9-6.2 and 34-9-19.2 to the Code of Alabama 1975, to provide for the use of teledentistry orthodontia services in the state by licensed dentists; to provide certain requirements for advertisements featuring teledentistry; and to require the Board of Dental Examiners of Alabama to adopt rules relating to teledentistry.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to Randolph County; to amend Sections 2 and 5 of Act 2021-307 of the 2021 Regular Session, relating to the coroner; to provide for the salary of the coroner effective at the beginning of the current term in order to implement Act 2021-301 as intended; and to provide that this act is retroactive and curative to January 16, 2023.. Description: Relating to Randolph County; to amend Sections 2 and 5 of Act 2021-307 of the 2021 Regular Session, relating to the coroner; to provide for the salary of the coroner effective at the beginning of the current term in order to implement Act 2021-301 as intended; and to provide that this act is retroactive and curative to January 16, 2023.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to building codes; to create the Healthier Homes Construction Practices Act; to authorize counties and municipalities to adopt procedures for the installation and activation of temporary-permanent electricity or temporary-permanent gas under certain conditions; and to provide certain requirements for the activation.. Description: Relating to building codes; to create the Healthier Homes Construction Practices Act; to authorize counties and municipalities to adopt procedures for the installation and activation of temporary-permanent electricity or temporary-permanent gas under certain conditions; and to provide certain requirements for the activation.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to solid waste, to amend Section 22-27-48, Code of Alabama 1975, as last amended by Act 2022-338, 2022 Regular Session, to further provide for the circumstances under which the approval of a local government is needed by a solid waste management facility.. Description: Relating to solid waste, to amend Section 22-27-48, Code of Alabama 1975, as last amended by Act 2022-338, 2022 Regular Session, to further provide for the circumstances under which the approval of a local government is needed by a solid waste management facility.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to Montgomery County; to amend Section 45-51-231 of the Code of Alabama 1975, relating to an expense allowance and salary of the sheriff, to restate the current salary of the sheriff and to delete an expired expense allowance; and to provide a new expense allowance for the sheriff and for the salary of the sheriff if the sheriff has served two or more full consecutive terms as sheriff.. Description: Relating to Montgomery County; to amend Section 45-51-231 of the Code of Alabama 1975, relating to an expense allowance and salary of the sheriff, to restate the current salary of the sheriff and to delete an expired expense allowance; and to provide a new expense allowance for the sheriff and for the salary of the sheriff if the sheriff has served two or more full consecutive terms as sheriff.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to pharmacists and the dispensing of emergency refills of medication; to amend Section 34-33-75 of the Code of Alabama 1975, to increase the supply of medication that may be dispensed in a one-time emergency refill to include the smallest dispensable package size of a medication; and to further provide for the notice to the prescriber after dispensing.. Description: Relating to pharmacists and the dispensing of emergency refills of medication; to amend Section 34-33-75 of the Code of Alabama 1975, to increase the supply of medication that may be dispensed in a one-time emergency refill to include the smallest dispensable package size of a medication; and to further provide for the notice to the prescriber after dispensing.
In 2023, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Relating to the Department of Veterans Affairs; to amend Section 31-6-5, as last amended by Act 2022-91, 2022 Regular Session, Code of Alabama 1975; to expand eligibility for educational benefits to spouses of those who were killed while on active state duty status or whose death results proximately and within three years of an injury sustained while on state active duty status.. Description: Relating to the Department of Veterans Affairs; to amend Section 31-6-5, as last amended by Act 2022-91, 2022 Regular Session, Code of Alabama 1975; to expand eligibility for educational benefits to spouses of those who were killed while on active state duty status or whose death results proximately and within three years of an injury sustained while on state active duty status.
In 2023, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Relating to the Alcoholic Beverage Control Board; to amend Sections 28-11-2, 28-11-3, 28-11-5, 28-11-6.1, 28-11-6.2, 28-11-7, 28-11-9, 28-11-10, 28-11-12, 28-11-13, 28-11-14, 28-11-16, 28-11-17.1, 28-11-18, 28-11-19, Code of Alabama 1975, to revise the definition of "electronic nicotine delivery system" to include delivery of substances other than tobacco; to further provide for the sale of tobacco and other related products to minors; to prohibit the distribution of tobacco, tobacco products, electronic nicotine delivery systems, e-liquids, and alternative nicotine products through a vending machine; to provide license fees for the retail sale of certain tobacco products; to further provide for the authorized penalties for certain violations; to establish the Tobacco Licensing and Compliance Fund in the State Treasury and provide for its administration; to further provide for the membership of the advisory board to the Alcoholic Beverages Control Board; to further provide for the requirement of tobacco retailers to post signage warning of the dangers of tobacco product use; to require the board to adopt rules; to require the State Board of Education to establish a model vaping awareness, education, and prevention program and require each local board of education to adopt a policy based on the model policy; to repeal Section 28-11-15, Code of Alabama 1975, and in connection therewith would have as its purpose or effect the requirement of a new or increased expenditure of local funds within the meaning of Section 111.05 of the Constitution of Alabama of 2022.. Description: Relating to the Alcoholic Beverage Control Board; to amend Sections 28-11-2, 28-11-3, 28-11-5, 28-11-6.1, 28-11-6.2, 28-11-7, 28-11-9, 28-11-10, 28-11-12, 28-11-13, 28-11-14, 28-11-16, 28-11-17.1, 28-11-18, 28-11-19, Code of Alabama 1975, to revise the definition of "electronic nicotine delivery system" to include delivery of substances other than tobacco; to further provide for the sale of tobacco and other related products to minors; to prohibit the distribution of tobacco, tobacco products, electronic nicotine delivery systems, e-liquids, and alternative nicotine products through a vending machine; to provide license fees for the retail sale of certain tobacco products; to further provide for the authorized penalties for certain violations; to establish the Tobacco Licensing and Compliance Fund in the State Treasury and provide for its administration; to further provide for the membership of the advisory board to the Alcoholic Beverages Control Board; to further provide for the requirement of tobacco retailers to post signage warning of the dangers of tobacco product use; to require the board to adopt rules; to require the State Board of Education to establish a model vaping awareness, education, and prevention program and require each local board of education to adopt a policy based on the model policy; to repeal Section 28-11-15, Code of Alabama 1975, and in connection therewith would have as its purpose or effect the requirement of a new or increased expenditure of local funds within the meaning of Section 111.05 of the Constitution of Alabama of 2022.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to Talladega County; to abolish the office of constable.. Description: Relating to Talladega County; to abolish the office of constable.
In 2023, Alabama enrolled a bill titled: Relating to sheriffs; to amend Act 2022-133, 2022 Regular Session, now appearing as Section 41-23-9, Code of Alabama 1975, to change the name of the Local Government Pistol Permit Revenue Loss Fund; to increase the life span of the fund; to further provide for expenditures from the fund; to further provide for the deposit and allocation of grant reimbursement monies; and to make nonsubstantive, technical revisions to update existing code language to current style.. Description: Relating to sheriffs; to amend Act 2022-133, 2022 Regular Session, now appearing as Section 41-23-9, Code of Alabama 1975, to change the name of the Local Government Pistol Permit Revenue Loss Fund; to increase the life span of the fund; to further provide for expenditures from the fund; to further provide for the deposit and allocation of grant reimbursement monies; and to make nonsubstantive, technical revisions to update existing code language to current style.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to Montgomery County; to further provide for the salary of the members of the Montgomery County Commission.. Description: Relating to Montgomery County; to further provide for the salary of the members of the Montgomery County Commission.
In 2023, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Relating to first responders; to require certain benefits be made available to first responders suffering from work-related post-traumatic stress disorder; to make certain leave benefits available to employed first responders; and to have as its purpose or effect the requirement of a new or increased expenditure of local funds within the meaning of Section 111.05 of the Constitution of Alabama of 2022.. Description: Relating to first responders; to require certain benefits be made available to first responders suffering from work-related post-traumatic stress disorder; to make certain leave benefits available to employed first responders; and to have as its purpose or effect the requirement of a new or increased expenditure of local funds within the meaning of Section 111.05 of the Constitution of Alabama of 2022.
In 2023, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Relating to state, county, and municipal sales and use taxes; to exempt food pantries in Cullman County from all state, county, and municipal sales and use taxes for certain purchases.. Description: Relating to state, county, and municipal sales and use taxes; to exempt food pantries in Cullman County from all state, county, and municipal sales and use taxes for certain purchases.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to Marengo County; to abolish the office of constable.. Description: Relating to Marengo County; to abolish the office of constable.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to Pike County; to establish an additional voting center in the county.. Description: Relating to Pike County; to establish an additional voting center in the county.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to civil procedure; to amend Sections 6-6-544 and 6-6-570, Code of Alabama 1975, to provide further for the recording of certain judgments concerning real property.. Description: Relating to civil procedure; to amend Sections 6-6-544 and 6-6-570, Code of Alabama 1975, to provide further for the recording of certain judgments concerning real property.
In 2023, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: To create the Students with Unique Needs (SUN) Education Scholarship Account Act and Program; to allow parents to use funds in an education scholarship account to provide an individualized education program for their children.. Description: To create the Students with Unique Needs (SUN) Education Scholarship Account Act and Program; to allow parents to use funds in an education scholarship account to provide an individualized education program for their children.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to commissions; to amend Sections 9-14C-2 and 9-14C-8, Code of Alabama 1975, to provide for the Red Mountain Greenway and Recreational Area Commission to be renamed the Jefferson County Greenways Commission.. Description: Relating to commissions; to amend Sections 9-14C-2 and 9-14C-8, Code of Alabama 1975, to provide for the Red Mountain Greenway and Recreational Area Commission to be renamed the Jefferson County Greenways Commission.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to the Department of Finance; to amend Sections 41-4-3 and 41-4-50, Code of Alabama 1975; to provide for the charging of a reasonable fee for services provided by the Department and to allow the State Comptroller to pay a vendor which is entitled to payment for services or goods rendered to the State.. Description: Relating to the Department of Finance; to amend Sections 41-4-3 and 41-4-50, Code of Alabama 1975; to provide for the charging of a reasonable fee for services provided by the Department and to allow the State Comptroller to pay a vendor which is entitled to payment for services or goods rendered to the State.
In 2023, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Relating to public contracts; to provide circumstances under which a conflict of interest exists in the procurement of a public contract; to provide criminal penalties for a violation; and in connection therewith would have as its purpose or effect the requirement of a new or increased expenditure of local funds within the meaning of Section 111.05 of the Constitution of Alabama of 2022.. Description: Relating to public contracts; to provide circumstances under which a conflict of interest exists in the procurement of a public contract; to provide criminal penalties for a violation; and in connection therewith would have as its purpose or effect the requirement of a new or increased expenditure of local funds within the meaning of Section 111.05 of the Constitution of Alabama of 2022.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to elections; to revise the date of the 2024 second or runoff primary election, and to provide that this is a onetime occurrence.. Description: Relating to elections; to revise the date of the 2024 second or runoff primary election, and to provide that this is a onetime occurrence.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: To authorize the Sheriff of Morgan County to establish procedures to make limited purchases using a credit card or debit card provided the proper procedures are followed.. Description: To authorize the Sheriff of Morgan County to establish procedures to make limited purchases using a credit card or debit card provided the proper procedures are followed.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to Morgan County; to amend Section 45-52-233.02, Code of Alabama 1975, to further provide for the maintenance of abandoned and stolen personal property by the sheriff; to add Sections 45-52-233.04 through 45-52-233.09, inclusive, to the Code of Alabama 1975, to authorize the sheriff to sell certain abandoned, stolen, and unclaimed property at public auction; to provide for the auction and for the disposition of proceeds; to authorize the sheriff to sell or destroy certain, stolen, or unclaimed firearms; and to make nonsubstantive, technical revisions to update the existing code language to current style.. Description: Relating to Morgan County; to amend Section 45-52-233.02, Code of Alabama 1975, to further provide for the maintenance of abandoned and stolen personal property by the sheriff; to add Sections 45-52-233.04 through 45-52-233.09, inclusive, to the Code of Alabama 1975, to authorize the sheriff to sell certain abandoned, stolen, and unclaimed property at public auction; to provide for the auction and for the disposition of proceeds; to authorize the sheriff to sell or destroy certain, stolen, or unclaimed firearms; and to make nonsubstantive, technical revisions to update the existing code language to current style.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to alternative teacher preparation programs and teacher certification; to amend Section 2 of Act 2022-239, 2022 Regular Session, now appearing as Section 16-23-3.1, Code of Alabama 1975, to provide additional requirements for programs.. Description: Relating to alternative teacher preparation programs and teacher certification; to amend Section 2 of Act 2022-239, 2022 Regular Session, now appearing as Section 16-23-3.1, Code of Alabama 1975, to provide additional requirements for programs.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: To amend Section 2 of Act 634 of the 1951 Regular Session (Acts 1951, p. 1089), as amended by Act 630 of the 1967 Regular Session (Acts 1967, p. 1435), relating to zoning regulations. Description: To amend Section 2 of Act 634 of the 1951 Regular Session (Acts 1951, p. 1089), as amended by Act 630 of the 1967 Regular Session (Acts 1967, p. 1435), relating to zoning regulations
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: To alter, rearrange, and extend the boundary lines and corporate limits of the Town of Grant in Marshall County.. Description: To alter, rearrange, and extend the boundary lines and corporate limits of the Town of Grant in Marshall County.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to residential real estate; to provide prohibition on the installation of centralized mail delivery devices by residential real estate developers in certain new residential neighborhoods, with exceptions.. Description: Relating to residential real estate; to provide prohibition on the installation of centralized mail delivery devices by residential real estate developers in certain new residential neighborhoods, with exceptions.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to the Uniform Commercial Code; to add Article 12 to the Uniform Commercial Code to govern the property rights of certain intangible digital assets (controllable electronic records), including electronic rights to payment, to provide for a manner to establish the transfer and control of those assets, to provide a mechanism for evidencing certain rights of payment, and to adopt special rules with regard to the payment obligations and conditions of discharge of account debtors on controllable accounts and controllable payment intangibles; to amend Sections 7-1-201, 7-1-204, 7-1-301, 7-1-306, 7-2-102, 7-2-106, 7-2-201, 7-2-202, 7-2-203, 7-2-205, 7-2-209, 7-2A-102, 7-2A-103, 7-2A-107, 7-2A-201, 7-2A-202, 7-2A-203, 7-2A-205, 7-2A-208, 7-3-104, 7-3-105, 7-3-401, 7-3-604, 7-4A-103, 7-4A-201, 7-4A-202, 7-4A-203, 7-4A-207, 7-4A-208, 7-4A-210, 7-4A-211, 7-4A-305, 7-5-104, 7-5-116, 7-7-102, 7-7-106, 7-8-102, 7-8-103, 7-8-106, 7-8-110, 7-8-303, 7-9A-102, 7-9A-104, 7-9A-105, 7-9A-203, 7-9A-204, 7-9A-207, 7-9A-208, 7-9A-209, 7-9A-210, 7-9A-301, 7-9A-304, 7-9A-305, 7-9A-310, 7-9A-312, 7-9A-313, 7-9A-314, 7-9A-316, 7-9A-317, 7-9A-323, 7-9A-324, 7-9A-330, 7-9A-331, 7-9A-332, 7-9A-334, 7-9A-341, 7-9A-404, 7-9A-406, 7-9A-408, 7-9A-509, 7-9A-513, 7-9A-601, 7-9A-605, 7-9A-608, 7-9A-611, 7-9A-613, 7-9A-614, 7-9A-615, 7-9A-616, 7-9A-619, 7-9A-620, 7-9A-621, 7-9A-624, and 7-9A-628, Code of Alabama 1975, and to add Sections 7-9A-107A, 7-9A-107B, 7-9A-306A, 7-9A-306B, 7-9A-314A, and 7-9A-326A to the Code of Alabama 1975, to provide a substantial revision to the Uniform Commercial Code in conformity with a substantial portion of the Uniform Commercial Code Amendments (2022), to clarify the meaning of the term chattel paper and other definitions, to define and provide for hybrid transactions, and to provide extensive amendments to the Uniform Commercial Code providing for the perfection of security interests in controllable electronic records, documents of title, chattel paper, and other assets; and to add Article 12A to the Uniform Commercial Code to provide transitional provisions for the Uniform Commercial Code Amendments (2022).. Description: Relating to the Uniform Commercial Code; to add Article 12 to the Uniform Commercial Code to govern the property rights of certain intangible digital assets (controllable electronic records), including electronic rights to payment, to provide for a manner to establish the transfer and control of those assets, to provide a mechanism for evidencing certain rights of payment, and to adopt special rules with regard to the payment obligations and conditions of discharge of account debtors on controllable accounts and controllable payment intangibles; to amend Sections 7-1-201, 7-1-204, 7-1-301, 7-1-306, 7-2-102, 7-2-106, 7-2-201, 7-2-202, 7-2-203, 7-2-205, 7-2-209, 7-2A-102, 7-2A-103, 7-2A-107, 7-2A-201, 7-2A-202, 7-2A-203, 7-2A-205, 7-2A-208, 7-3-104, 7-3-105, 7-3-401, 7-3-604, 7-4A-103, 7-4A-201, 7-4A-202, 7-4A-203, 7-4A-207, 7-4A-208, 7-4A-210, 7-4A-211, 7-4A-305, 7-5-104, 7-5-116, 7-7-102, 7-7-106, 7-8-102, 7-8-103, 7-8-106, 7-8-110, 7-8-303, 7-9A-102, 7-9A-104, 7-9A-105, 7-9A-203, 7-9A-204, 7-9A-207, 7-9A-208, 7-9A-209, 7-9A-210, 7-9A-301, 7-9A-304, 7-9A-305, 7-9A-310, 7-9A-312, 7-9A-313, 7-9A-314, 7-9A-316, 7-9A-317, 7-9A-323, 7-9A-324, 7-9A-330, 7-9A-331, 7-9A-332, 7-9A-334, 7-9A-341, 7-9A-404, 7-9A-406, 7-9A-408, 7-9A-509, 7-9A-513, 7-9A-601, 7-9A-605, 7-9A-608, 7-9A-611, 7-9A-613, 7-9A-614, 7-9A-615, 7-9A-616, 7-9A-619, 7-9A-620, 7-9A-621, 7-9A-624, and 7-9A-628, Code of Alabama 1975, and to add Sections 7-9A-107A, 7-9A-107B, 7-9A-306A, 7-9A-306B, 7-9A-314A, and 7-9A-326A to the Code of Alabama 1975, to provide a substantial revision to the Uniform Commercial Code in conformity with a substantial portion of the Uniform Commercial Code Amendments (2022), to clarify the meaning of the term chattel paper and other definitions, to define and provide for hybrid transactions, and to provide extensive amendments to the Uniform Commercial Code providing for the perfection of security interests in controllable electronic records, documents of title, chattel paper, and other assets; and to add Article 12A to the Uniform Commercial Code to provide transitional provisions for the Uniform Commercial Code Amendments (2022).
In 2023, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Relating to the Alabama Board of Optometry; to amend Section 34-22-1, Code of Alabama 1975, to provide further for the scope of practice of an optometrist; to add 34-22-20.1 to the Code of Alabama 1975, to authorize optometrists to administer certain vaccinations in certain circumstances; to add Section 34-22-20.2 to the Code of Alabama 1975, to prohibit an optometrist from using "surgeon" in advertising; to add 34-22-40.1 to the Code of Alabama 1975, to establish the board as a certifying board under the Alabama Controlled Substances Act; to amend Section 20-2-2, Code of Alabama 1975, to include the Alabama Board of Optometry in the definition of certifying boards, with certain exceptions; and to make nonsubstantive, technical revisions to update existing code language to current style.. Description: Relating to the Alabama Board of Optometry; to amend Section 34-22-1, Code of Alabama 1975, to provide further for the scope of practice of an optometrist; to add 34-22-20.1 to the Code of Alabama 1975, to authorize optometrists to administer certain vaccinations in certain circumstances; to add Section 34-22-20.2 to the Code of Alabama 1975, to prohibit an optometrist from using "surgeon" in advertising; to add 34-22-40.1 to the Code of Alabama 1975, to establish the board as a certifying board under the Alabama Controlled Substances Act; to amend Section 20-2-2, Code of Alabama 1975, to include the Alabama Board of Optometry in the definition of certifying boards, with certain exceptions; and to make nonsubstantive, technical revisions to update existing code language to current style.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to Talladega County; to provide for the operation and management of an inmate commissary at the county jail.. Description: Relating to Talladega County; to provide for the operation and management of an inmate commissary at the county jail.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to amusement rides and water slides; to impose new safety requirements pertaining to the operation and maintenance of amusement rides and water slides.. Description: Relating to amusement rides and water slides; to impose new safety requirements pertaining to the operation and maintenance of amusement rides and water slides.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to the Historic Blakeley Authority; to amend Section 41-10-171, Code of Alabama 1975; to include as a member of the authority the member of the Alabama House of Representatives who is serving the district where the Blakeley site is situated, in lieu of the member serving District 95.. Description: Relating to the Historic Blakeley Authority; to amend Section 41-10-171, Code of Alabama 1975; to include as a member of the authority the member of the Alabama House of Representatives who is serving the district where the Blakeley site is situated, in lieu of the member serving District 95.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to law enforcement training; to require each law enforcement officer to undergo training related to individuals with certain sensory needs or invisible disabilities every other year; and to provide that the Alabama Peace Officers' Standards and Training Commission shall collaborate with a nonprofit company to provide the training.. Description: Relating to law enforcement training; to require each law enforcement officer to undergo training related to individuals with certain sensory needs or invisible disabilities every other year; and to provide that the Alabama Peace Officers' Standards and Training Commission shall collaborate with a nonprofit company to provide the training.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to motor vehicle registration; to amend Section 32-6-650, Code of Alabama 1975; to add the U.S. Marine Corps and the U.S. Space Force to the list of service branches for which a military distinctive license plate is available; and to repeal Section 32-6-640, Code of Alabama 1975.. Description: Relating to motor vehicle registration; to amend Section 32-6-650, Code of Alabama 1975; to add the U.S. Marine Corps and the U.S. Space Force to the list of service branches for which a military distinctive license plate is available; and to repeal Section 32-6-640, Code of Alabama 1975.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to vessels; to amend Sections 33-5-3, 33-5-4, 33-5-5, 33-5-6, 33-5-7, 33-5-8, 33-5-10, 33-5-12, 33-5-15, 33-5-16, 33-5-20, 33-5-21, 33-5-22, 33-5-23, 33-5-25, 33-5-26, 33-5-27, 33-5-28, 33-5-30, 33-5-31, 33-5-32, 33-5-34, 33-5-35, 33-5-36, 33-5-51, 33-5-52, 33-5-53, 33-5-54, 33-5-55, 33-5-56, 33-5-58, 33-5-59, 33-5-60, 33-5-61, 33-5-62, 33-5-63, 33-5-64, 33-5-65, 33-5-66, 33-5-67, 33-5-68, 33-5-69, 33-5-70, 33-5-71, 33-5-72, 33-5-73, 33-5-74, 33-5-75, 33-5-77, 33-5-79, 33-5-81, Code of Alabama 1975, to establish the classification of boating violation as a recognized criminal offense classification and to reclassify various criminal offenses as boating violations and further provide for criminal penalties; to further provide for the requirement to report certain boating accidents; to further provide for the general operational and equipment requirements of a vessel; to further provide for vessel horsepower requirements and the use of engine cut-off switches; to establish the uniform electronic boating traffic ticket and provide for its issuance; to amend Sections 12-12-50, 12-12-51, 12-12-52, 12-12-55, and 12-19-179, Code of Alabama 1975, to provide the district court with jurisdiction over boating violations and further provide for the court costs and fees for boating violations; to amend Section 41-27-6, Code of Alabama 1975, to rename the Marine Police Division within the Department of Public Safety to the Marine Patrol Division; to make nonsubstantive, technical revisions to update the existing code language to current style; to repeal Sections 33-5-22.1, 33-5-29, 33-5-33, and 33-5-78, Code of Alabama 1975; and in connection therewith would have as its purpose or effect the requirement of a new or increased expenditure of local funds within the meaning of Section 111.05 of the Constitution of Alabama of 2022.. Description: Relating to vessels; to amend Sections 33-5-3, 33-5-4, 33-5-5, 33-5-6, 33-5-7, 33-5-8, 33-5-10, 33-5-12, 33-5-15, 33-5-16, 33-5-20, 33-5-21, 33-5-22, 33-5-23, 33-5-25, 33-5-26, 33-5-27, 33-5-28, 33-5-30, 33-5-31, 33-5-32, 33-5-34, 33-5-35, 33-5-36, 33-5-51, 33-5-52, 33-5-53, 33-5-54, 33-5-55, 33-5-56, 33-5-58, 33-5-59, 33-5-60, 33-5-61, 33-5-62, 33-5-63, 33-5-64, 33-5-65, 33-5-66, 33-5-67, 33-5-68, 33-5-69, 33-5-70, 33-5-71, 33-5-72, 33-5-73, 33-5-74, 33-5-75, 33-5-77, 33-5-79, 33-5-81, Code of Alabama 1975, to establish the classification of boating violation as a recognized criminal offense classification and to reclassify various criminal offenses as boating violations and further provide for criminal penalties; to further provide for the requirement to report certain boating accidents; to further provide for the general operational and equipment requirements of a vessel; to further provide for vessel horsepower requirements and the use of engine cut-off switches; to establish the uniform electronic boating traffic ticket and provide for its issuance; to amend Sections 12-12-50, 12-12-51, 12-12-52, 12-12-55, and 12-19-179, Code of Alabama 1975, to provide the district court with jurisdiction over boating violations and further provide for the court costs and fees for boating violations; to amend Section 41-27-6, Code of Alabama 1975, to rename the Marine Police Division within the Department of Public Safety to the Marine Patrol Division; to make nonsubstantive, technical revisions to update the existing code language to current style; to repeal Sections 33-5-22.1, 33-5-29, 33-5-33, and 33-5-78, Code of Alabama 1975; and in connection therewith would have as its purpose or effect the requirement of a new or increased expenditure of local funds within the meaning of Section 111.05 of the Constitution of Alabama of 2022.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to Baldwin County; to amend Section 45-2-80.130, Code of Alabama 1975, to create and provide for the management of the Baldwin County Mental Health Court Fund.. Description: Relating to Baldwin County; to amend Section 45-2-80.130, Code of Alabama 1975, to create and provide for the management of the Baldwin County Mental Health Court Fund.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to Coosa County; to authorize the Coosa County Commission to levy an additional issuance fee on the issuance or renewal of a motor vehicle or other vehicle license and registration with certain exceptions; to provide for the distribution of the proceeds from the fee to the county general fund to be used for ambulance service; to provide a referendum on this act; and to provide for termination of the fee under certain conditions.. Description: Relating to Coosa County; to authorize the Coosa County Commission to levy an additional issuance fee on the issuance or renewal of a motor vehicle or other vehicle license and registration with certain exceptions; to provide for the distribution of the proceeds from the fee to the county general fund to be used for ambulance service; to provide a referendum on this act; and to provide for termination of the fee under certain conditions.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to the Alabama School Choice and Student Opportunity Act; to amend Sections 16-6F-5, 16-6F-6, and 16-6F-10, Code of Alabama 1975, to change the appointment process for the Alabama Public Charter School Commission; to authorize the commission to hire staff; to require commissioners to receive annual training; to provide additional guidelines for the authorizing and application review process; to provide further for the operational and categorical funding of public charter schools in their first year of operation; and to clarify the per pupil federal, state, and local funding of conversion public charter schools during their first year of operation.. Description: Relating to the Alabama School Choice and Student Opportunity Act; to amend Sections 16-6F-5, 16-6F-6, and 16-6F-10, Code of Alabama 1975, to change the appointment process for the Alabama Public Charter School Commission; to authorize the commission to hire staff; to require commissioners to receive annual training; to provide additional guidelines for the authorizing and application review process; to provide further for the operational and categorical funding of public charter schools in their first year of operation; and to clarify the per pupil federal, state, and local funding of conversion public charter schools during their first year of operation.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to education; to require a public K-12 school, a local board of education, and certain event organizers to accept certain forms of payment for admission to certain school-sponsored events.. Description: Relating to education; to require a public K-12 school, a local board of education, and certain event organizers to accept certain forms of payment for admission to certain school-sponsored events.
In 2023, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Relating to retirement benefits; to amend Sections 16-25-23 and 36-27-28, Code of Alabama 1975, to revise the circumstances in which an individual's pension, annuity, or retirement allowance benefits under the Teachers' Retirement System and the Employees' Retirement System are subject to certain recovery actions.. Description: Relating to retirement benefits; to amend Sections 16-25-23 and 36-27-28, Code of Alabama 1975, to revise the circumstances in which an individual's pension, annuity, or retirement allowance benefits under the Teachers' Retirement System and the Employees' Retirement System are subject to certain recovery actions.
In 2023, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Relating to sales and use tax; to amend Section 40-23-4, as amended by Acts Act 2022-199, 2022-291, 2022-293, and 2022-373 of the 2022 Regular Session, Code of Alabama 1975, to exempt the purchase of gun safes and gun safety devices from sales and use tax.. Description: Relating to sales and use tax; to amend Section 40-23-4, as amended by Acts Act 2022-199, 2022-291, 2022-293, and 2022-373 of the 2022 Regular Session, Code of Alabama 1975, to exempt the purchase of gun safes and gun safety devices from sales and use tax.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to environmental protection; to amend Sections 22-30E-2, 22-30E-3, 22-30E-4, 22-30E-5, 22-30E-9, and 35-19-4, Code of Alabama 1975, to provide potentially responsible parties with limitations of liability with respect to a brownfield site; to create the Brownfield Remediation Reserve Fund; to add Sections 22-30E-14, 22-30E-15, and 22-30E-16 to the Code of Alabama 1975, to provide for the creation of brownfield redevelopment districts; and to make nonsubstantive, technical revisions to update the existing code language to current style. Description: Relating to environmental protection; to amend Sections 22-30E-2, 22-30E-3, 22-30E-4, 22-30E-5, 22-30E-9, and 35-19-4, Code of Alabama 1975, to provide potentially responsible parties with limitations of liability with respect to a brownfield site; to create the Brownfield Remediation Reserve Fund; to add Sections 22-30E-14, 22-30E-15, and 22-30E-16 to the Code of Alabama 1975, to provide for the creation of brownfield redevelopment districts; and to make nonsubstantive, technical revisions to update the existing code language to current style
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to acquisition of title to real property; to prohibit certain governments or governmental entities from acquiring certain real property in the state.. Description: Relating to acquisition of title to real property; to prohibit certain governments or governmental entities from acquiring certain real property in the state.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to redevelopment authorities; to amend Section 11-54A-7, Code of Alabama 1975, to further provide for the qualifications for directors.. Description: Relating to redevelopment authorities; to amend Section 11-54A-7, Code of Alabama 1975, to further provide for the qualifications for directors.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to St. Clair County; to amend Section 1 of Act 2020-190, 2020 Regular Session, to provide for the nomination and appointment of additional members to the St. Clair County Mental Health Advisory Board.. Description: Relating to St. Clair County; to amend Section 1 of Act 2020-190, 2020 Regular Session, to provide for the nomination and appointment of additional members to the St. Clair County Mental Health Advisory Board.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to Morgan County; to provide further for the distribution and expenditure of in-lieu-of-taxes payments received from the Tennessee Valley Authority distributed to Morgan County.. Description: Relating to Morgan County; to provide further for the distribution and expenditure of in-lieu-of-taxes payments received from the Tennessee Valley Authority distributed to Morgan County.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to environmental covenants; to amend Section 35-19-2, Code of Alabama 1975, to provide that work regarding aboveground storage tanks registered for eligibility under the Alabama Underground and Aboveground Storage Tank Trust Fund does not constitute an environmental response project for environmental covenant purposes.. Description: Relating to environmental covenants; to amend Section 35-19-2, Code of Alabama 1975, to provide that work regarding aboveground storage tanks registered for eligibility under the Alabama Underground and Aboveground Storage Tank Trust Fund does not constitute an environmental response project for environmental covenant purposes.
In 2023, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Relating to firearms; to provide prohibitions on the use, ownership, or possession of a firearm under certain conditions; and in connection therewith would have as its purpose or effect the requirement of a new or increased expenditure of local funds within the meaning of Section 111.05 of the Constitution of Alabama of 2022.. Description: Relating to firearms; to provide prohibitions on the use, ownership, or possession of a firearm under certain conditions; and in connection therewith would have as its purpose or effect the requirement of a new or increased expenditure of local funds within the meaning of Section 111.05 of the Constitution of Alabama of 2022.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to tax officials; to establish the Alabama Ad Valorem Advisory Committee to provide input and recommendations to the Commissioner of the Department of Revenue, and to provide for its membership and duties.. Description: Relating to tax officials; to establish the Alabama Ad Valorem Advisory Committee to provide input and recommendations to the Commissioner of the Department of Revenue, and to provide for its membership and duties.
In 2023, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Relating to commercial driver licenses; to require the Alabama State Law Enforcement Agency to issue a Hazardous Materials Endorsement in certain circumstances.. Description: Relating to commercial driver licenses; to require the Alabama State Law Enforcement Agency to issue a Hazardous Materials Endorsement in certain circumstances.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to Henry County; to revise the salary of the members of the Henry County Board of Education.. Description: Relating to Henry County; to revise the salary of the members of the Henry County Board of Education.
In 2023, Alabama enrolled a bill titled: Relating to Franklin County; to provide for the annual expense allowance and salary and other benefits for the coroner; and to further authorize the Franklin County Commission to appropriate and expend funds for the operation of the office of the coroner.. Description: Relating to Franklin County; to provide for the annual expense allowance and salary and other benefits for the coroner; and to further authorize the Franklin County Commission to appropriate and expend funds for the operation of the office of the coroner.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to Marshall County; to further provide for the residency requirement of the county engineer.. Description: Relating to Marshall County; to further provide for the residency requirement of the county engineer.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to the City of Samson in Geneva County; to authorize the city council to provide for the sale of draft or keg beer by retail licensees of the Alcoholic Beverage Control Board.. Description: Relating to the City of Samson in Geneva County; to authorize the city council to provide for the sale of draft or keg beer by retail licensees of the Alcoholic Beverage Control Board.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to Tallapoosa County; authorizing the levy of a lodging tax in the unincorporated area of the county; and providing for the distribution of the proceeds from the tax.. Description: Relating to Tallapoosa County; authorizing the levy of a lodging tax in the unincorporated area of the county; and providing for the distribution of the proceeds from the tax.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: To alter, rearrange, and extend the boundary lines and corporate limits of the municipality of the City of Dadeville in Tallapoosa County.. Description: To alter, rearrange, and extend the boundary lines and corporate limits of the municipality of the City of Dadeville in Tallapoosa County.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to the City of Florence; to establish a procedure for the establishment, operation, modification, renewal, and dissolution of tourism improvement districts.. Description: Relating to the City of Florence; to establish a procedure for the establishment, operation, modification, renewal, and dissolution of tourism improvement districts.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to the State Board of Health and emergency medical services; to amend Section 22-18-1, Code of Alabama 1975, to further provide for the requirements for a licensure as a community paramedic; and to prohibit the State Board of Health from requiring a college degree for licensure as a community paramedic.. Description: Relating to the State Board of Health and emergency medical services; to amend Section 22-18-1, Code of Alabama 1975, to further provide for the requirements for a licensure as a community paramedic; and to prohibit the State Board of Health from requiring a college degree for licensure as a community paramedic.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to Colbert County; to amend Section 45-17-60, Code of Alabama 1975, to provide for the expense allowance, annual salary, and other benefits for the coroner of Colbert County; and to authorize the Colbert County Commission to appropriate and expend funds for the operation of the Office of Coroner of Colbert County.. Description: Relating to Colbert County; to amend Section 45-17-60, Code of Alabama 1975, to provide for the expense allowance, annual salary, and other benefits for the coroner of Colbert County; and to authorize the Colbert County Commission to appropriate and expend funds for the operation of the Office of Coroner of Colbert County.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to state symbols; to designate the Yellowhammer Cookie as the official state cookie.. Description: Relating to state symbols; to designate the Yellowhammer Cookie as the official state cookie.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to Jefferson County; to amend Section 45-37-91.04 of the Code of Alabama 1975, providing for the board of directors of the Greater Birmingham Convention and Visitor's Bureau, to provide for the appointment of an additional member of the board of directors.. Description: Relating to Jefferson County; to amend Section 45-37-91.04 of the Code of Alabama 1975, providing for the board of directors of the Greater Birmingham Convention and Visitor's Bureau, to provide for the appointment of an additional member of the board of directors.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to the waters of the state impounded by Lewis Smith Dam (Lewis Smith Lake), to the waters of the state impounded by R.L. Harris Dam (Lake Wedowee), and on Shoals Creek in Lauderdale County north of Highway 72; to regulate and prohibit wakeboarding and wakesurfing under certain conditions; to provide penalties for violations; and in connection therewith would have as its purpose or effect the requirement of a new or increased expenditure of local funds within the meaning of Section 111.05 of the Constitution of Alabama of 2022.. Description: Relating to the waters of the state impounded by Lewis Smith Dam (Lewis Smith Lake), to the waters of the state impounded by R.L. Harris Dam (Lake Wedowee), and on Shoals Creek in Lauderdale County north of Highway 72; to regulate and prohibit wakeboarding and wakesurfing under certain conditions; to provide penalties for violations; and in connection therewith would have as its purpose or effect the requirement of a new or increased expenditure of local funds within the meaning of Section 111.05 of the Constitution of Alabama of 2022.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to Talladega County; to amend Section 11 of Act 91-533 of the 1991 Regular Session (Acts 1991, p. 948), as last amended by Act 2019-156 of the 2019 Regular Session, to further provide for the distribution of a special county sales and use tax; and to repeal Act 2015-515 of the 2015 Regular Session, relating to the distribution of a portion of the special sales and use tax.. Description: Relating to Talladega County; to amend Section 11 of Act 91-533 of the 1991 Regular Session (Acts 1991, p. 948), as last amended by Act 2019-156 of the 2019 Regular Session, to further provide for the distribution of a special county sales and use tax; and to repeal Act 2015-515 of the 2015 Regular Session, relating to the distribution of a portion of the special sales and use tax.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to Pickens County, to further provide for the salary and expense allowance of the judge of probate.. Description: Relating to Pickens County, to further provide for the salary and expense allowance of the judge of probate.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to alcoholic beverage licenses; to amend Section 28-3A-23, Code of Alabama 1975, to provide further for criminal background checks of license applicants.. Description: Relating to alcoholic beverage licenses; to amend Section 28-3A-23, Code of Alabama 1975, to provide further for criminal background checks of license applicants.
In 2023, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Relating to child abuse; to amend Sections 26-15-2 and 26-15-3, Code of Alabama 1975; to further define the crime of child abuse to include willful mistreatment; and in connection therewith would have as its purpose or effect the requirement of a new or increased expenditure of local funds within the meaning of Section 111.05 of the Constitution of Alabama of 2022.. Description: Relating to child abuse; to amend Sections 26-15-2 and 26-15-3, Code of Alabama 1975; to further define the crime of child abuse to include willful mistreatment; and in connection therewith would have as its purpose or effect the requirement of a new or increased expenditure of local funds within the meaning of Section 111.05 of the Constitution of Alabama of 2022.
In 2023, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Relating to the Entertainment Industry Incentive Act of 2009; to amend Sections 41-7A-40, 41-7A-41, 41-7A-42, 41-7A-45, and 41-7A-48, Code of Alabama 1975, to expand the incentive by renaming it the Film and Music Incentive Act of 2023, to increase the cap on incentives to fifty million dollars annually, and to allow for the inclusion of music and virtual reality as qualified production companies.. Description: Relating to the Entertainment Industry Incentive Act of 2009; to amend Sections 41-7A-40, 41-7A-41, 41-7A-42, 41-7A-45, and 41-7A-48, Code of Alabama 1975, to expand the incentive by renaming it the Film and Music Incentive Act of 2023, to increase the cap on incentives to fifty million dollars annually, and to allow for the inclusion of music and virtual reality as qualified production companies.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to the Alabama Literacy Task Force; to amend Section 16-6G-3, Code of Alabama 1975, to provide further for the duties and membership of the task force; to provide for the compensation of members; to provide for the chair and vice chair; and to provide for meetings.. Description: Relating to the Alabama Literacy Task Force; to amend Section 16-6G-3, Code of Alabama 1975, to provide further for the duties and membership of the task force; to provide for the compensation of members; to provide for the chair and vice chair; and to provide for meetings.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to electronic vote counting systems; to amend Section 17-7-21, Code of Alabama 1975, to prohibit the use of electronic vote counting systems that are capable of connection to the Internet or cell phone networks or that possess modem technology.. Description: Relating to electronic vote counting systems; to amend Section 17-7-21, Code of Alabama 1975, to prohibit the use of electronic vote counting systems that are capable of connection to the Internet or cell phone networks or that possess modem technology.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to driver licenses; to amend Section 32-6-10.1, Code of Alabama 1975, to reduce the minimum time period certain Alabama licenses may be issued to a foreign national; and to make nonsubstantive, technical revisions to update the existing code language to current style.. Description: Relating to driver licenses; to amend Section 32-6-10.1, Code of Alabama 1975, to reduce the minimum time period certain Alabama licenses may be issued to a foreign national; and to make nonsubstantive, technical revisions to update the existing code language to current style.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to elections; to amend Section 17-8-12, Code of Alabama 1975, to increase the supplemental compensation paid to election inspectors and clerks; and in connection therewith would have as its purpose or effect the requirement of a new or increased expenditure of local funds within the meaning of Section 111.05 of the Constitution of Alabama of 2022.. Description: Relating to elections; to amend Section 17-8-12, Code of Alabama 1975, to increase the supplemental compensation paid to election inspectors and clerks; and in connection therewith would have as its purpose or effect the requirement of a new or increased expenditure of local funds within the meaning of Section 111.05 of the Constitution of Alabama of 2022.
In 2023, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Relating to criminal procedure; to amend Section 15-19-1, Code of Alabama 1975, to specify the age at which a person may be tried as a youthful offender.. Description: Relating to criminal procedure; to amend Section 15-19-1, Code of Alabama 1975, to specify the age at which a person may be tried as a youthful offender.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to the Growing Alabama Credit; to add Section 40-18-417.8 to the Code of Alabama 1975; to provide that the credit from a parent or holding company may be claimed by the subsidiary in certain circumstances; and to provide retroactive effect.. Description: Relating to the Growing Alabama Credit; to add Section 40-18-417.8 to the Code of Alabama 1975; to provide that the credit from a parent or holding company may be claimed by the subsidiary in certain circumstances; and to provide retroactive effect.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to Shelby County; to further provide for service of process in civil cases in Shelby County; to set an additional fee for civil service of process; to create the Shelby County Sheriff's Civil Service of Process Fund; to provide for the distribution of funds to the sheriff's civil service of process fund; and to authorize the sheriff to contract with or enter into an agreement with a private, public, or governmental entity for the purpose of service of process.. Description: Relating to Shelby County; to further provide for service of process in civil cases in Shelby County; to set an additional fee for civil service of process; to create the Shelby County Sheriff's Civil Service of Process Fund; to provide for the distribution of funds to the sheriff's civil service of process fund; and to authorize the sheriff to contract with or enter into an agreement with a private, public, or governmental entity for the purpose of service of process.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to Talladega County; to amend Sections 1 and 3 of Act 91-522 of the 1991 Regular Session (Acts 1991, p. 923), as amended by Act 2018-101 of the 2018 Regular Session, to further provide for the employment and duties of the county engineer; and to repeal Section 2 of Act 91-522, providing for nominations to fill the position by the state highway director.. Description: Relating to Talladega County; to amend Sections 1 and 3 of Act 91-522 of the 1991 Regular Session (Acts 1991, p. 923), as amended by Act 2018-101 of the 2018 Regular Session, to further provide for the employment and duties of the county engineer; and to repeal Section 2 of Act 91-522, providing for nominations to fill the position by the state highway director.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to the Alabama Uniform Trust Code; to amend Section 19-3B-414, Code of Alabama 1975, to further provide for the modification or termination of an uneconomic trust.. Description: Relating to the Alabama Uniform Trust Code; to amend Section 19-3B-414, Code of Alabama 1975, to further provide for the modification or termination of an uneconomic trust.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to economic development; to amend Section 40-18-417.4, Code of Alabama 1975, as amended by Act 2023-34 of the 2023 Regular Session; to amend Section 5 of Act 2023-34 of the 2023 Regular Session, now appearing as Sections 40-18-472 and 40-18-473, Code of Alabama 1975, to correct a date referenced in the Growing Alabama Act; to clarify the tax rebates under the Sweet Home Alabama Tourism Investment Act for certain businesses for certified tourism destination projects are only available for projects placed into service after the effective date of this act; to amend Section 41-7-3, Code of Alabama 1975 to include the Chairs of the Senate Finance and Taxation Education Committee and Ways and Means Education Committee and the ranking minority member of each committee, or their designees, to the Tourism Advisory Board; and to amend Sections 41-10-47.03 and 41-10-47.04, Code of Alabama 1975, from Section 1 of Act 2023-35 of the 2023 Regular Session, to align rural population provisions of the Site Evaluation Economic Development Strategy with the Jobs Act.. Description: Relating to economic development; to amend Section 40-18-417.4, Code of Alabama 1975, as amended by Act 2023-34 of the 2023 Regular Session; to amend Section 5 of Act 2023-34 of the 2023 Regular Session, now appearing as Sections 40-18-472 and 40-18-473, Code of Alabama 1975, to correct a date referenced in the Growing Alabama Act; to clarify the tax rebates under the Sweet Home Alabama Tourism Investment Act for certain businesses for certified tourism destination projects are only available for projects placed into service after the effective date of this act; to amend Section 41-7-3, Code of Alabama 1975 to include the Chairs of the Senate Finance and Taxation Education Committee and Ways and Means Education Committee and the ranking minority member of each committee, or their designees, to the Tourism Advisory Board; and to amend Sections 41-10-47.03 and 41-10-47.04, Code of Alabama 1975, from Section 1 of Act 2023-35 of the 2023 Regular Session, to align rural population provisions of the Site Evaluation Economic Development Strategy with the Jobs Act.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to Coffee and Pike Counties and the Twelfth Judicial Circuit; to amend Section 45-16-82.27, Code of Alabama 1975, to further provide for fees related to the pretrial diversion program; and to make nonsubstantive, technical revisions to update the existing code language to current style.. Description: Relating to Coffee and Pike Counties and the Twelfth Judicial Circuit; to amend Section 45-16-82.27, Code of Alabama 1975, to further provide for fees related to the pretrial diversion program; and to make nonsubstantive, technical revisions to update the existing code language to current style.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to the City of Helena in Shelby County; to authorize the City Council of the City of Helena to establish and regulate the operation of entertainment districts in the city as designated by the Helena City Code; and to authorize the city council to provide penalties for violations.. Description: Relating to the City of Helena in Shelby County; to authorize the City Council of the City of Helena to establish and regulate the operation of entertainment districts in the city as designated by the Helena City Code; and to authorize the city council to provide penalties for violations.
In 2023, Alabama enrolled a bill titled: Relating to Macon County; to amend Section 45-44-90 of the Code of Alabama 1975, establishing the Macon County Economic Development Authority, to further provide for the operation of the authority; and to authorize the formation of a successor authority under certain conditions.. Description: Relating to Macon County; to amend Section 45-44-90 of the Code of Alabama 1975, establishing the Macon County Economic Development Authority, to further provide for the operation of the authority; and to authorize the formation of a successor authority under certain conditions.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to military affairs and civil defense; to add Section 31-1-9 to the Code of Alabama 1975, to create the Troy Act; to provide that references in the code to the United States Uniformed Services include the Public Health Service Commissioned Corps and the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration Commissioned Officer Corps; and to direct the Code Commissioner to make these changes as appropriate in the Code of Alabama 1975.. Description: Relating to military affairs and civil defense; to add Section 31-1-9 to the Code of Alabama 1975, to create the Troy Act; to provide that references in the code to the United States Uniformed Services include the Public Health Service Commissioned Corps and the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration Commissioned Officer Corps; and to direct the Code Commissioner to make these changes as appropriate in the Code of Alabama 1975.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to volunteer fire departments; to amend Sections 9-3-11, 9-3-12, and 9-3-13, Code of Alabama 1975, to create and provide duties and procedures for the Rural and Community Fire Protection Advisory Committee; and to add Section 9-3-21 to the Code of Alabama 1975, to create and provide procedures for administration of the Rural and Community Fire Protection Development and Improvement Grant Program.. Description: Relating to volunteer fire departments; to amend Sections 9-3-11, 9-3-12, and 9-3-13, Code of Alabama 1975, to create and provide duties and procedures for the Rural and Community Fire Protection Advisory Committee; and to add Section 9-3-21 to the Code of Alabama 1975, to create and provide procedures for administration of the Rural and Community Fire Protection Development and Improvement Grant Program.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to boards of registrars; to amend Section 17-3-8, Code of Alabama 1975, as last amended by Act 2022-112 of the 2022 Regular Session, to increase the maximum number of working days the Lawrence County Board of Registrars may meet each fiscal year.. Description: Relating to boards of registrars; to amend Section 17-3-8, Code of Alabama 1975, as last amended by Act 2022-112 of the 2022 Regular Session, to increase the maximum number of working days the Lawrence County Board of Registrars may meet each fiscal year.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to county personnel boards; to authorize certain municipalities to opt out from the jurisdiction of a county personnel board and to require a municipality that opts out from the jurisdiction of a county personnel board to create a civil service system and continue the rights of employees and officials vested or vesting in the county personnel board.. Description: Relating to county personnel boards; to authorize certain municipalities to opt out from the jurisdiction of a county personnel board and to require a municipality that opts out from the jurisdiction of a county personnel board to create a civil service system and continue the rights of employees and officials vested or vesting in the county personnel board.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to Baldwin County; to repeal Act 730, 1978 Regular Session (Acts 1978, p. 1056), providing for the licensing of water well drillers by the Baldwin County Water Well Standards Board; to repeal Act 266 of the 1977 Regular Session (Acts 1977, p. 366), relating to counties having populations not less than 57,000 nor more than 61,000 inhabitants and providing for the licensing of water well drillers; to repeal Section 22-24-12 of the Code of Alabama 1975, exempting Baldwin County from Chapter 24 of Title 22, Code of Alabama 1975, which chapter provides for the licensing of water well drillers by the Alabama Department of Environmental Management; and to provide for a statement of intent.. Description: Relating to Baldwin County; to repeal Act 730, 1978 Regular Session (Acts 1978, p. 1056), providing for the licensing of water well drillers by the Baldwin County Water Well Standards Board; to repeal Act 266 of the 1977 Regular Session (Acts 1977, p. 366), relating to counties having populations not less than 57,000 nor more than 61,000 inhabitants and providing for the licensing of water well drillers; to repeal Section 22-24-12 of the Code of Alabama 1975, exempting Baldwin County from Chapter 24 of Title 22, Code of Alabama 1975, which chapter provides for the licensing of water well drillers by the Alabama Department of Environmental Management; and to provide for a statement of intent.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to Marengo County; to repeal Section 45-46-230, Code of Alabama 1975, relating to the compensation of employees of the sheriff's department.. Description: Relating to Marengo County; to repeal Section 45-46-230, Code of Alabama 1975, relating to the compensation of employees of the sheriff's department.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: To make supplemental appropriations for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2023, from the Opioid Treatment and Abatement Fund to the entities and for the purposes herein in the amount of $10,000,000.. Description: To make supplemental appropriations for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2023, from the Opioid Treatment and Abatement Fund to the entities and for the purposes herein in the amount of $10,000,000.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to the Town of Garden City in Cullman County; to amend Section 45-22-100.07 of the Code of Alabama 1975, to authorize the town council to sell a portion of the former Garden City school property without a referendum.. Description: Relating to the Town of Garden City in Cullman County; to amend Section 45-22-100.07 of the Code of Alabama 1975, to authorize the town council to sell a portion of the former Garden City school property without a referendum.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: This bill would propose an amendment to the Constitution of Alabama of 2022, relating to. Description: This bill would propose an amendment to the Constitution of Alabama of 2022, relating to
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: To alter, rearrange, and extend the boundary lines and corporate limits of the Town of Brantley in Crenshaw County.. Description: To alter, rearrange, and extend the boundary lines and corporate limits of the Town of Brantley in Crenshaw County.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to state holidays; to designate Alabama Peace Officers' Memorial Day.. Description: Relating to state holidays; to designate Alabama Peace Officers' Memorial Day.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to the surrender of infants; to amend Sections 26-25-1, 26-25-2, 26-25-3, and 26-25-5, Code of Alabama 1975, and to add Sections 26-25-1.1 and 26-25-1.2 to the Code of Alabama 1975; to provide for the surrender of an infant to an emergency medical services provider or a hospital; to provide for the surrender of an infant in a baby safety device that meets certain requirements; to authorize the Department of Public Health to adopt rules relating to baby safety devices; to provide for an investigation into whether a surrendered infant is a missing child; to provide an affirmative defense to certain charges to parents who surrender an infant; to further provide for civil immunity for emergency medical services providers who accept surrendered infants; and to repeal Section 26-25-4, Code of Alabama 1975.. Description: Relating to the surrender of infants; to amend Sections 26-25-1, 26-25-2, 26-25-3, and 26-25-5, Code of Alabama 1975, and to add Sections 26-25-1.1 and 26-25-1.2 to the Code of Alabama 1975; to provide for the surrender of an infant to an emergency medical services provider or a hospital; to provide for the surrender of an infant in a baby safety device that meets certain requirements; to authorize the Department of Public Health to adopt rules relating to baby safety devices; to provide for an investigation into whether a surrendered infant is a missing child; to provide an affirmative defense to certain charges to parents who surrender an infant; to further provide for civil immunity for emergency medical services providers who accept surrendered infants; and to repeal Section 26-25-4, Code of Alabama 1975.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to Lamar County; to authorize the county commission to set certain fees to be charged by the sheriff for personal service of documents in the civil division of the district and circuit court; to authorize the county commission to set the per day charge for feeding municipal inmates in the county jail; to authorize the county commission to set a fee for fingerprinting individuals by the sheriff's office for non-law enforcement purposes;. Description: Relating to Lamar County; to authorize the county commission to set certain fees to be charged by the sheriff for personal service of documents in the civil division of the district and circuit court; to authorize the county commission to set the per day charge for feeding municipal inmates in the county jail; to authorize the county commission to set a fee for fingerprinting individuals by the sheriff's office for non-law enforcement purposes;
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to Covington County; to amend Section 45-20-232, Code of Alabama 1975, to further provide for pistol permit fees; and to provide for lifetime permits.. Description: Relating to Covington County; to amend Section 45-20-232, Code of Alabama 1975, to further provide for pistol permit fees; and to provide for lifetime permits.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to Henry County; authorizing the Henry County Commission to levy a lodging tax in the county; providing for the distribution of the proceeds from the tax; and to provide for a referendum.. Description: Relating to Henry County; authorizing the Henry County Commission to levy a lodging tax in the county; providing for the distribution of the proceeds from the tax; and to provide for a referendum.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to sales and use taxes; to amend Sections 40-23-1, 40-23-2, 40-23-60, and 40-23-61, Code of Alabama 1975, to define "food" and begin reducing the state sales and use tax on food on September 1, 2023; to require certain growth targets in the Education Trust Fund for future sales tax reductions on food; to establish the sales and use tax rate on food for purposes of county and municipal sales and use taxes as the existing general or retail sales and use tax rate; and to provide for the levy of sales and use tax on food by counties and municipalities.. Description: Relating to sales and use taxes; to amend Sections 40-23-1, 40-23-2, 40-23-60, and 40-23-61, Code of Alabama 1975, to define "food" and begin reducing the state sales and use tax on food on September 1, 2023; to require certain growth targets in the Education Trust Fund for future sales tax reductions on food; to establish the sales and use tax rate on food for purposes of county and municipal sales and use taxes as the existing general or retail sales and use tax rate; and to provide for the levy of sales and use tax on food by counties and municipalities.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to Cullman County; to amend Section 45-22-81.01 of the Code of Alabama 1975, providing for additional court costs in the state courts and the City of Cullman Municipal Court, to reallocate the use of the funds for the school resource officer program; and to provide retroactive effect.. Description: Relating to Cullman County; to amend Section 45-22-81.01 of the Code of Alabama 1975, providing for additional court costs in the state courts and the City of Cullman Municipal Court, to reallocate the use of the funds for the school resource officer program; and to provide retroactive effect.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to Baldwin County; to amend Section 45-2-244.134, Code of Alabama 1975, to require that a portion of the local tobacco tax be used to establish and maintain a sexual assault nurse examiner program; and to make nonsubstantive, technical revisions to update the existing code language to current style.. Description: Relating to Baldwin County; to amend Section 45-2-244.134, Code of Alabama 1975, to require that a portion of the local tobacco tax be used to establish and maintain a sexual assault nurse examiner program; and to make nonsubstantive, technical revisions to update the existing code language to current style.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to Winston County, to authorize the sheriff to conduct fundraising events; and to provide for the distribution of the proceeds.. Description: Relating to Winston County, to authorize the sheriff to conduct fundraising events; and to provide for the distribution of the proceeds.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to the Alabama Women's Tribute Statue Commission; to add Section 41-9-338.4, Code of Alabama 1975, to exempt the commission from the public works competitive bid laws.. Description: Relating to the Alabama Women's Tribute Statue Commission; to add Section 41-9-338.4, Code of Alabama 1975, to exempt the commission from the public works competitive bid laws.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: To alter, rearrange, and extend the boundary lines and corporate limits of the City of Foley in Baldwin County; and to provide for a referendum election on the approval of this act.. Description: To alter, rearrange, and extend the boundary lines and corporate limits of the City of Foley in Baldwin County; and to provide for a referendum election on the approval of this act.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to taxation; to amend Sections 40-2-18, 40-3-21, 40-3-25, and 40-7-25, Code of Alabama 1975, to provide a date certain by which valuation notices must be mailed by county assessing officials; to provide notice requirements regarding certain decisions of the Board of Equalization; to extend the time to pay taxes and file an appeal regarding certain actions of the Board of Equalization; and to make nonsubstantive, technical revisions to update the existing code language to current style.. Description: Relating to taxation; to amend Sections 40-2-18, 40-3-21, 40-3-25, and 40-7-25, Code of Alabama 1975, to provide a date certain by which valuation notices must be mailed by county assessing officials; to provide notice requirements regarding certain decisions of the Board of Equalization; to extend the time to pay taxes and file an appeal regarding certain actions of the Board of Equalization; and to make nonsubstantive, technical revisions to update the existing code language to current style.
In 2023, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Relating to judges and justices; to prohibit government agencies, individuals, businesses, and associations from publicly posting or displaying judge's or justice's personal information on the Internet, provided they have received a written request from the judge or justice to refrain from doing so; to prohibit commercial data collectors from knowingly selling, trading, licensing, transferring, or purchasing judges' personal information; to provide for a process for a judge or justice to request their personal information not be made public; to provide for penalties for violations; and in connection therewith would have as its purpose or effect the requirement of a new or increased expenditure of local funds within the meaning of Section 111.05 of the Constitution of Alabama of 2022.. Description: Relating to judges and justices; to prohibit government agencies, individuals, businesses, and associations from publicly posting or displaying judge's or justice's personal information on the Internet, provided they have received a written request from the judge or justice to refrain from doing so; to prohibit commercial data collectors from knowingly selling, trading, licensing, transferring, or purchasing judges' personal information; to provide for a process for a judge or justice to request their personal information not be made public; to provide for penalties for violations; and in connection therewith would have as its purpose or effect the requirement of a new or increased expenditure of local funds within the meaning of Section 111.05 of the Constitution of Alabama of 2022.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: To alter, rearrange, and extend the boundary lines and corporate limits in the City of Loxley in Baldwin County.. Description: To alter, rearrange, and extend the boundary lines and corporate limits in the City of Loxley in Baldwin County.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to Tallapoosa County; to establish the Lake Martin-Tallapoosa County Tourism and Visitors Bureau; to provide for the board of directors of the bureau; and to authorize the board to receive and expend funds for the promotion of tourism.. Description: Relating to Tallapoosa County; to establish the Lake Martin-Tallapoosa County Tourism and Visitors Bureau; to provide for the board of directors of the bureau; and to authorize the board to receive and expend funds for the promotion of tourism.
In 2023, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Relating to Montgomery County and the City of Montgomery; to establish a separate personnel merit system and a separate human resources department for the county and the city; to provide for separate personnel appeals boards for each separate personnel merit system; to provide for the transfer of existing employees to the appropriate system; to provide for the adoption of rules and procedures for each system; to provide for the transfer of property and records; and to provide for the repeal of Sections 45-51A-32.110 to 45-51A-32.127, Code of Alabama 1975, inclusive, effective January 1, 2024.. Description: Relating to Montgomery County and the City of Montgomery; to establish a separate personnel merit system and a separate human resources department for the county and the city; to provide for separate personnel appeals boards for each separate personnel merit system; to provide for the transfer of existing employees to the appropriate system; to provide for the adoption of rules and procedures for each system; to provide for the transfer of property and records; and to provide for the repeal of Sections 45-51A-32.110 to 45-51A-32.127, Code of Alabama 1975, inclusive, effective January 1, 2024.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to district attorneys; to amend Section 12-17-220, Code of Alabama 1975; to remove limitations on a district attorney's authorization to hire personnel based on the residency of any current or potential personnel.. Description: Relating to district attorneys; to amend Section 12-17-220, Code of Alabama 1975; to remove limitations on a district attorney's authorization to hire personnel based on the residency of any current or potential personnel.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: To authorize the Chilton County Commission, pursuant to Section 217 of the Constitution of Alabama of 2022, to continue at the rate at which there is levied and collected by the county, on all taxable property situated in the county, the ad valorem tax for a trade school and rural and industrial development in the county now levied at the rate of 3 mills on each dollar of assessed value, at a maximum rate, for any tax year of the county, which is equal to $.30 on each one hundred dollars (3 mills on each dollar) of assessed value, until December 31, 2044.. Description: To authorize the Chilton County Commission, pursuant to Section 217 of the Constitution of Alabama of 2022, to continue at the rate at which there is levied and collected by the county, on all taxable property situated in the county, the ad valorem tax for a trade school and rural and industrial development in the county now levied at the rate of 3 mills on each dollar of assessed value, at a maximum rate, for any tax year of the county, which is equal to $.30 on each one hundred dollars (3 mills on each dollar) of assessed value, until December 31, 2044.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to Calhoun County; to provide for the salary of the judge of probate.. Description: Relating to Calhoun County; to provide for the salary of the judge of probate.
In 2023, Alabama enrolled a bill titled: Relating to Marion County; to amend Sections 45-47-230 and 45-47-242.21, Code of Alabama 1975, to abolish certain expense allowances paid to certain county officials; to revise the salaries of the sheriff, revenue commissioner, and members of the county commission; and to repeal Section 45-47-70, Code of Alabama 1975, relating to expense allowances paid to members of the Marion County Commission.. Description: Relating to Marion County; to amend Sections 45-47-230 and 45-47-242.21, Code of Alabama 1975, to abolish certain expense allowances paid to certain county officials; to revise the salaries of the sheriff, revenue commissioner, and members of the county commission; and to repeal Section 45-47-70, Code of Alabama 1975, relating to expense allowances paid to members of the Marion County Commission.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to Marion County; to create additional qualifications for the office of sheriff.. Description: Relating to Marion County; to create additional qualifications for the office of sheriff.
In 2023, Alabama enrolled a bill titled: Relating to Marion County; to create the Service of Process Fund; to provide for service of process; and to provide for the collection and dispensation of fees associated with service of process.. Description: Relating to Marion County; to create the Service of Process Fund; to provide for service of process; and to provide for the collection and dispensation of fees associated with service of process.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to Sumter County; to abolish the office of constable.. Description: Relating to Sumter County; to abolish the office of constable.
In 2023, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Relating to Montgomery County and to municipalities in the county having a population of 5,000 or more people, according to the most recent or any subsequent federal census; to amend Section 45-51A-32.113, as last amended by Act 2022-370 of the 2022 Regular Session, Code of Alabama 1975, establishing a countywide personnel system; to provide that certain city employees are members of the exempt service of the municipality.. Description: Relating to Montgomery County and to municipalities in the county having a population of 5,000 or more people, according to the most recent or any subsequent federal census; to amend Section 45-51A-32.113, as last amended by Act 2022-370 of the 2022 Regular Session, Code of Alabama 1975, establishing a countywide personnel system; to provide that certain city employees are members of the exempt service of the municipality.
In 2023, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Relating to Montgomery County; to provide for the creation, funding, and operation of the Montgomery County Legislative Delegation Fund and the Montgomery County Legislative Delegation Office.. Description: Relating to Montgomery County; to provide for the creation, funding, and operation of the Montgomery County Legislative Delegation Fund and the Montgomery County Legislative Delegation Office.
In 2023, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Relating to Montgomery County; to repeal Section 10 of Act 789, 1975 Regular Session (Acts 1975, p. 1576), relating to restrictions on where deputy district attorneys in the 15th Judicial Circuit, composed of Montgomery County, may reside.. Description: Relating to Montgomery County; to repeal Section 10 of Act 789, 1975 Regular Session (Acts 1975, p. 1576), relating to restrictions on where deputy district attorneys in the 15th Judicial Circuit, composed of Montgomery County, may reside.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to marital and domestic relations; to amend Section 30-5-5, Code of Alabama 1975, to further provide for exemption from court costs and fees for certain actions related to protection orders.. Description: Relating to marital and domestic relations; to amend Section 30-5-5, Code of Alabama 1975, to further provide for exemption from court costs and fees for certain actions related to protection orders.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to consumer credit financing in the sale or lease of motor vehicles; to amend Section 8-37A-4 of the Co. Description: Relating to consumer credit financing in the sale or lease of motor vehicles; to amend Section 8-37A-4 of the Co
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to correctional incentive time; to amend Section 14-9-41, as last amended by Act 2022-322, 2022 Regular Session, Code of Alabama 1975, to reduce the amount of correctional incentive time a prisoner receives; to require a prisoner to remain in a certain classification for a longer period of time before moving up to a higher classification; to provide for additional circumstances in which a prisoner may be required to forfeit his or her correctional incentive time; and to require the Department of Corrections to provide annual reports to the Legislature, the Governor, and the Attorney General regarding correctional incentive time.. Description: Relating to correctional incentive time; to amend Section 14-9-41, as last amended by Act 2022-322, 2022 Regular Session, Code of Alabama 1975, to reduce the amount of correctional incentive time a prisoner receives; to require a prisoner to remain in a certain classification for a longer period of time before moving up to a higher classification; to provide for additional circumstances in which a prisoner may be required to forfeit his or her correctional incentive time; and to require the Department of Corrections to provide annual reports to the Legislature, the Governor, and the Attorney General regarding correctional incentive time.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: To alter, rearrange, and extend the boundary lines and corporate limits of the City of Bay Minette in Baldwin County.. Description: To alter, rearrange, and extend the boundary lines and corporate limits of the City of Bay Minette in Baldwin County.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: To alter, rearrange, and extend the boundary lines and corporate limits of the City of Bay Minette in Baldwin County.. Description: To alter, rearrange, and extend the boundary lines and corporate limits of the City of Bay Minette in Baldwin County.
In 2023, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Relating to the Board of Pardons and Paroles; to amend Section 15-22-30.1, Code of Alabama 1975, to require that at least one residential transition center established by the board to be a women's facility.. Description: Relating to the Board of Pardons and Paroles; to amend Section 15-22-30.1, Code of Alabama 1975, to require that at least one residential transition center established by the board to be a women's facility.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to voting; to amend Section 17-7-23, Code of Alabama 1975, to require any approved electronic vote counting system used in an election to require the use of paper ballots; and to make nonsubstantive, technical revisions to update the existing code language to current style.. Description: Relating to voting; to amend Section 17-7-23, Code of Alabama 1975, to require any approved electronic vote counting system used in an election to require the use of paper ballots; and to make nonsubstantive, technical revisions to update the existing code language to current style.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: To make supplemental appropriations for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2023, from the Education Trust Fund to various agencies and entities in a total amount of $2,787,667,309.. Description: To make supplemental appropriations for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2023, from the Education Trust Fund to various agencies and entities in a total amount of $2,787,667,309.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to the Board of Pharmacy; to amend Section 34-23-30 of the Code of Alabama 1975, relating to persons required to have a permit issued by the board to perform pharmacy services; to provide that an entity providing pharmacy services to residents of this state, rather than a person, would be required to have a permit issued by the board.. Description: Relating to the Board of Pharmacy; to amend Section 34-23-30 of the Code of Alabama 1975, relating to persons required to have a permit issued by the board to perform pharmacy services; to provide that an entity providing pharmacy services to residents of this state, rather than a person, would be required to have a permit issued by the board.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to the United States Armed Forces; to include the United States Space Force in all collective references to the United States Armed Forces.. Description: Relating to the United States Armed Forces; to include the United States Space Force in all collective references to the United States Armed Forces.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to the State Board of Prothetists and Orthotists; to amend Sections 34-25A-3, 34-25A-5, and 34-25A-8 of the Code of Alabama 1975, to require national boards making certifications. Description: Relating to the State Board of Prothetists and Orthotists; to amend Sections 34-25A-3, 34-25A-5, and 34-25A-8 of the Code of Alabama 1975, to require national boards making certifications
In 2023, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Relating to the Alabama Job Creation and Military Stability Commission; to amend Sections 31-14-2 and 31-14-3, Code of Alabama 1975, to expand the membership of the commission.. Description: Relating to the Alabama Job Creation and Military Stability Commission; to amend Sections 31-14-2 and 31-14-3, Code of Alabama 1975, to expand the membership of the commission.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to Emergency Management; to amend Section 31-9-10, Code of Alabama 1975, to provide contract letting requirements for local emergency management organizations; to amend Section 31-9-60, Code of Alabama 1975, to increase supplemental funding for assistance to local emergency management organizations; to amend 31-9-61, Code of Alabama 1975, to establish standards for course work for local emergency management director certification; to amend Section 31-9-62, Code of Alabama 1975, to change salary supplements for local emergency management directors and revise local emergency management organization eligibility for federal funds; and to make nonsubstantive, technical revisions to update the existing code language to current style.. Description: Relating to Emergency Management; to amend Section 31-9-10, Code of Alabama 1975, to provide contract letting requirements for local emergency management organizations; to amend Section 31-9-60, Code of Alabama 1975, to increase supplemental funding for assistance to local emergency management organizations; to amend 31-9-61, Code of Alabama 1975, to establish standards for course work for local emergency management director certification; to amend Section 31-9-62, Code of Alabama 1975, to change salary supplements for local emergency management directors and revise local emergency management organization eligibility for federal funds; and to make nonsubstantive, technical revisions to update the existing code language to current style.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: To amend Section 12-17-81 of the Code of Alabama 1975, to further provide for the salary of all circuit clerks in the Unified Judicial System based on the pay plan adopted by the personnel system of the Unified Judicial System.. Description: To amend Section 12-17-81 of the Code of Alabama 1975, to further provide for the salary of all circuit clerks in the Unified Judicial System based on the pay plan adopted by the personnel system of the Unified Judicial System.
In 2023, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Relating to the Board of Physical Therapy; to amend Sections 34-24-191, 34-24-193, 34-24-194, 34-24-196, 34-24-210, 34-24-210.1, 34-24-211, 34-24-212, 34-24-213, 34-24-214, and 34-24-217, Code of Alabama 1975; to give the board authority over certain physical therapy professionals licensed in other states.. Description: Relating to the Board of Physical Therapy; to amend Sections 34-24-191, 34-24-193, 34-24-194, 34-24-196, 34-24-210, 34-24-210.1, 34-24-211, 34-24-212, 34-24-213, 34-24-214, and 34-24-217, Code of Alabama 1975; to give the board authority over certain physical therapy professionals licensed in other states.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to agriculture authorities; to amend Section 11-20-71, Code of Alabama 1975, to authorize the board of directors of an authority to appoint former members of the board as directors emeritus to serve as goodwill ambassadors of the board; and to amend Section 11-20-80, Code of Alabama 1975, to exempt certain agricultural authorities from municipal ordinances or regulations without the consent of the authority.. Description: Relating to agriculture authorities; to amend Section 11-20-71, Code of Alabama 1975, to authorize the board of directors of an authority to appoint former members of the board as directors emeritus to serve as goodwill ambassadors of the board; and to amend Section 11-20-80, Code of Alabama 1975, to exempt certain agricultural authorities from municipal ordinances or regulations without the consent of the authority.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to podiatry; to amend Section 34-24-230, Code of Alabama 1975; to expand the scope of the practice of podiatry to include treatment of disorders of the foot and ankle.. Description: Relating to podiatry; to amend Section 34-24-230, Code of Alabama 1975; to expand the scope of the practice of podiatry to include treatment of disorders of the foot and ankle.
In 2023, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Relating to motor vehicle registration and distinctive motor vehicle license plates; to authorize the issuance of a distinctive motor vehicle license plate to benefit brain cancer research.. Description: Relating to motor vehicle registration and distinctive motor vehicle license plates; to authorize the issuance of a distinctive motor vehicle license plate to benefit brain cancer research.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to motor vehicles and traffic; to amend Sections 11-49-4, 32-5A-173, and 32-5A-176, Code of Alabama 1975; to prohibit a municipality from setting speed limits on county-maintained streets within its corporate limits in certain circumstances; and to make nonsubstantive, technical revisions to update the existing code language to current style.. Description: Relating to motor vehicles and traffic; to amend Sections 11-49-4, 32-5A-173, and 32-5A-176, Code of Alabama 1975; to prohibit a municipality from setting speed limits on county-maintained streets within its corporate limits in certain circumstances; and to make nonsubstantive, technical revisions to update the existing code language to current style.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: FY24 Education Trust Fund - Governor's Rec.. Description: FY24 Education Trust Fund - Governor's Rec.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to Hale County; to authorize the sheriff to establish procedures for utilizing a credit card or debit card for limited purchases provided the proper procedures are followed.. Description: Relating to Hale County; to authorize the sheriff to establish procedures for utilizing a credit card or debit card for limited purchases provided the proper procedures are followed.
In 2023, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: To amend Sections 16-13B-1, Section 16-13B-4, and 16-13B-5, Code of Alabama 1975, relating to competitive bidding on contracts of city and county boards of education; to increase the minimum amount for contracts subject to competitive bid from $15,000 to $25,000; and in connection therewith would have as its purpose or effect the requirement of a new or increased expenditure of local funds within the meaning of Section 111.05 of the Constitution of Alabama of 2022.. Description: To amend Sections 16-13B-1, Section 16-13B-4, and 16-13B-5, Code of Alabama 1975, relating to competitive bidding on contracts of city and county boards of education; to increase the minimum amount for contracts subject to competitive bid from $15,000 to $25,000; and in connection therewith would have as its purpose or effect the requirement of a new or increased expenditure of local funds within the meaning of Section 111.05 of the Constitution of Alabama of 2022.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to the Military Family Jobs Opportunity Act; to amend Section 31-1-6, Code of Alabama 1975, as amended by Act 2022-92, 2022 Regular Session, to extend professional license reciprocity to spouses of United States Department of Defense civil servants.. Description: Relating to the Military Family Jobs Opportunity Act; to amend Section 31-1-6, Code of Alabama 1975, as amended by Act 2022-92, 2022 Regular Session, to extend professional license reciprocity to spouses of United States Department of Defense civil servants.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: To alter, rearrange, and extend the boundary lines and corporate limits of the municipality of Skyline in Jackson County.. Description: To alter, rearrange, and extend the boundary lines and corporate limits of the municipality of Skyline in Jackson County.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to judges; to provide for additional circuit judgeships and additional district judgeships; to provide for the authority of the judges and for the compensation and benefits of the judges; to prohibit the Judicial Resources Allocation Commission from reallocating any vacant judgeships until January 1, 2027; and to require the Administrative Office of Courts to provide certain statistical data annually.. Description: Relating to judges; to provide for additional circuit judgeships and additional district judgeships; to provide for the authority of the judges and for the compensation and benefits of the judges; to prohibit the Judicial Resources Allocation Commission from reallocating any vacant judgeships until January 1, 2027; and to require the Administrative Office of Courts to provide certain statistical data annually.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to county and local government; to provide prohibitions on the adoption or enforcement of certain building codes requiring the installation of certain latent, non-operable features in a residential structure.. Description: Relating to county and local government; to provide prohibitions on the adoption or enforcement of certain building codes requiring the installation of certain latent, non-operable features in a residential structure.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to court costs; to amend Section 22-52-14, Code of Alabama 1975; to further provide for an appointed attorney's compensation in a commitment proceeding.. Description: Relating to court costs; to amend Section 22-52-14, Code of Alabama 1975; to further provide for an appointed attorney's compensation in a commitment proceeding.
In 2023, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Relating to boards of registrars; to amend Sections 17-3-2 and 17-3-5, Code of Alabama 1975, to increase the salary of each board of registrar; to provide that a county may allow any member of the county board of registrars to participate in any health insurance program provided by the county; to further provide for the employment status of members of the boards of registrars and for regular hours of operation for the boards of registrars; and to make nonsubstantive, technical revisions to update the existing code language to current style.. Description: Relating to boards of registrars; to amend Sections 17-3-2 and 17-3-5, Code of Alabama 1975, to increase the salary of each board of registrar; to provide that a county may allow any member of the county board of registrars to participate in any health insurance program provided by the county; to further provide for the employment status of members of the boards of registrars and for regular hours of operation for the boards of registrars; and to make nonsubstantive, technical revisions to update the existing code language to current style.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to the mobility of P-12 teachers; to provide and adopt the Interstate Teacher Mobility Compact to allow licensed teachers to practice among compact states in a limited manner; to provide eligibility requirements for licensed teachers to teach pursuant to the compact; to provide for a coordinated licensure information system, joint investigations, and disciplinary actions; to establish the Interstate Teacher Mobility Compact Commission, and provide for membership, powers, duties, and rulemaking functions of the commission; and to provide for oversight of the compact, enforcement of the compact, default procedures, dispute resolution, withdrawal of compact states, and amendments to the compact.. Description: Relating to the mobility of P-12 teachers; to provide and adopt the Interstate Teacher Mobility Compact to allow licensed teachers to practice among compact states in a limited manner; to provide eligibility requirements for licensed teachers to teach pursuant to the compact; to provide for a coordinated licensure information system, joint investigations, and disciplinary actions; to establish the Interstate Teacher Mobility Compact Commission, and provide for membership, powers, duties, and rulemaking functions of the commission; and to provide for oversight of the compact, enforcement of the compact, default procedures, dispute resolution, withdrawal of compact states, and amendments to the compact.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to the Alcoholic Beverage Control Board; to add Section 28-3A-6.1 to the Code of Alabama 1975, to authorize a licensed manufacturer or importer of alcoholic beverages to donate a limited amount of alcoholic beverages to a licensed nonprofit special event.. Description: Relating to the Alcoholic Beverage Control Board; to add Section 28-3A-6.1 to the Code of Alabama 1975, to authorize a licensed manufacturer or importer of alcoholic beverages to donate a limited amount of alcoholic beverages to a licensed nonprofit special event.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to the Alabama Safe at Schools Act; to add Section 16-30A-3.1 to the Code of Alabama 1975 and to amend Sections 16-30A-5 and 16-30A-7, Code of Alabama 1975; to include adrenal insufficiency as a condition for which the State Board of Education is required to develop guidelines to train school employees under the act; to authorize certain school employees to administer injectable medications to students with an adrenal insufficiency; and to require local boards of education to ensure that students with an adrenal insufficiency have their medical needs met and are not excluded from certain activities.. Description: Relating to the Alabama Safe at Schools Act; to add Section 16-30A-3.1 to the Code of Alabama 1975 and to amend Sections 16-30A-5 and 16-30A-7, Code of Alabama 1975; to include adrenal insufficiency as a condition for which the State Board of Education is required to develop guidelines to train school employees under the act; to authorize certain school employees to administer injectable medications to students with an adrenal insufficiency; and to require local boards of education to ensure that students with an adrenal insufficiency have their medical needs met and are not excluded from certain activities.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to guardianships and conservatorships; to create the Colby Act; to provide for a supported decision-making agreement as an alternative to a guardianship or conservatorship; and to provide the scope and limitations of a supported decision-making agreement.. Description: Relating to guardianships and conservatorships; to create the Colby Act; to provide for a supported decision-making agreement as an alternative to a guardianship or conservatorship; and to provide the scope and limitations of a supported decision-making agreement.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to public K-12 schools; to add Section 16-39-13 to the Code of Alabama 1975; to require local boards of education to install, maintain, and operate video cameras in certain self-contained classrooms providing special education services, if the funding to do so is available; and to provide protections for the use of video recordings.. Description: Relating to public K-12 schools; to add Section 16-39-13 to the Code of Alabama 1975; to require local boards of education to install, maintain, and operate video cameras in certain self-contained classrooms providing special education services, if the funding to do so is available; and to provide protections for the use of video recordings.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to the Board of Nursing; to add a new Article 8 to Title 34, Chapter 21, Code of Alabama 1975, to create the Alabama Loan Repayment Program for Nursing Education; to establish and describe the program; to provide for program funding from the Education Trust Fund; to provide definitions; to outline the procedure for the board to award loans to applicants who contract with the board to work as an instructor in a prelicense nursing education program; and to provide further for the powers of the board under the program.. Description: Relating to the Board of Nursing; to add a new Article 8 to Title 34, Chapter 21, Code of Alabama 1975, to create the Alabama Loan Repayment Program for Nursing Education; to establish and describe the program; to provide for program funding from the Education Trust Fund; to provide definitions; to outline the procedure for the board to award loans to applicants who contract with the board to work as an instructor in a prelicense nursing education program; and to provide further for the powers of the board under the program.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to economic development; to add Section 40-18-379.1 to the Code of Alabama 1975, to require the Department of Commerce to publish certain information regarding economic development incentives awarded under the Alabama Jobs Act.. Description: Relating to economic development; to add Section 40-18-379.1 to the Code of Alabama 1975, to require the Department of Commerce to publish certain information regarding economic development incentives awarded under the Alabama Jobs Act.
In 2023, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Relating to motor vehicles; to prohibit certain motor vehicle speed contests, motor vehicle exhibitions of speed, and motor vehicle sideshows; to provide criminal penalties for a violation; and in connection therewith would have as its purpose or effect the requirement of a new or increased expenditure of local funds within the meaning of Section 111.05 of the Constitution of Alabama of 2022.. Description: Relating to motor vehicles; to prohibit certain motor vehicle speed contests, motor vehicle exhibitions of speed, and motor vehicle sideshows; to provide criminal penalties for a violation; and in connection therewith would have as its purpose or effect the requirement of a new or increased expenditure of local funds within the meaning of Section 111.05 of the Constitution of Alabama of 2022.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to disclosure of certain personal information; to prohibit public agencies from collecting, disclosing, or releasing certain personal information about members of, volunteers for, and financial and nonfinancial donors to nonprofit organizations, except as required by law; and to provide civil and criminal penalties for violation of these prohibitions; and in connection therewith would have as its purpose or effect the requirement of a new or increased expenditure of local funds within the meaning of Section 111.05 of the Constitution of Alabama of 2022.. Description: Relating to disclosure of certain personal information; to prohibit public agencies from collecting, disclosing, or releasing certain personal information about members of, volunteers for, and financial and nonfinancial donors to nonprofit organizations, except as required by law; and to provide civil and criminal penalties for violation of these prohibitions; and in connection therewith would have as its purpose or effect the requirement of a new or increased expenditure of local funds within the meaning of Section 111.05 of the Constitution of Alabama of 2022.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to the Board of Nursing; to amend Sections 34-21-96, 34-21-97, 34-21-98 and 34-21-99, Code of Alabama 1975, to remove the cap on the amount of loan awarded annually; to provide further for the definition of a critical need area; to remove certain penalties for defaulting, and to require the board to consult with the Alabama Commission on the Evaluation of Services.. Description: Relating to the Board of Nursing; to amend Sections 34-21-96, 34-21-97, 34-21-98 and 34-21-99, Code of Alabama 1975, to remove the cap on the amount of loan awarded annually; to provide further for the definition of a critical need area; to remove certain penalties for defaulting, and to require the board to consult with the Alabama Commission on the Evaluation of Services.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Related to the Alabama Unconscionable Pricing Act; to amend Sections 8-31-3 and 8-31-4, Code of Alabama 1975 to authorize the Governor or the Legislature to specify the affected areas and time periods to which the prohibition against imposition of unconscionable pricing would apply.. Description: Related to the Alabama Unconscionable Pricing Act; to amend Sections 8-31-3 and 8-31-4, Code of Alabama 1975 to authorize the Governor or the Legislature to specify the affected areas and time periods to which the prohibition against imposition of unconscionable pricing would apply.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: To authorize the governing body of the City of Vestavia Hills, Alabama, pursuant to Amendment No. 373 to the Constitution of Alabama of 1901, now appearing as Section 217 of the Constitution of Alabama of 2022, to increase the rate at which there is levied and collected by the city, on all taxable property situated within the city, the special ad valorem tax for public school purposes authorized in Amendment No. 56 to the Constitution of Alabama of 1901, now appearing as Section 216.04 of the Constitution of Alabama of 2022, to a maximum rate, for any tax year of the city, which is equal to $3.54 on each one hundred dollars ($100) (35.4 mills on each dollar) of assessed value.. Description: To authorize the governing body of the City of Vestavia Hills, Alabama, pursuant to Amendment No. 373 to the Constitution of Alabama of 1901, now appearing as Section 217 of the Constitution of Alabama of 2022, to increase the rate at which there is levied and collected by the city, on all taxable property situated within the city, the special ad valorem tax for public school purposes authorized in Amendment No. 56 to the Constitution of Alabama of 1901, now appearing as Section 216.04 of the Constitution of Alabama of 2022, to a maximum rate, for any tax year of the city, which is equal to $3.54 on each one hundred dollars ($100) (35.4 mills on each dollar) of assessed value.
In 2023, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Relating to jury service; to amend Sections 12-16-62 and 12-16-63, Code of Alabama 1975; to allow individuals 75 years of age or older to be excused from jury service and to request a permanent exemption from jury service.. Description: Relating to jury service; to amend Sections 12-16-62 and 12-16-63, Code of Alabama 1975; to allow individuals 75 years of age or older to be excused from jury service and to request a permanent exemption from jury service.
In 2023, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Relating to municipalities; to amend Section 11-42-5 of the Code of Alabama 1975, to validate and ratify under certain conditions any municipal annexation by any municipality prior to the effective date of this act notwithstanding any procedural defect by the municipality.. Description: Relating to municipalities; to amend Section 11-42-5 of the Code of Alabama 1975, to validate and ratify under certain conditions any municipal annexation by any municipality prior to the effective date of this act notwithstanding any procedural defect by the municipality.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to cannabis; to prohibit the sale, distribution, marketing, or possession of psychoactive cannabinoids found in hemp for certain age groups; to levy a five percent tax on the gross proceeds of products containing psychoactive cannabinoids sold at retail; and in connection therewith would have as its purpose or effect the requirement of a new or increased expenditure of local funds within the meaning of Section 111.05 of the Constitution of Alabama of 2022.. Description: Relating to cannabis; to prohibit the sale, distribution, marketing, or possession of psychoactive cannabinoids found in hemp for certain age groups; to levy a five percent tax on the gross proceeds of products containing psychoactive cannabinoids sold at retail; and in connection therewith would have as its purpose or effect the requirement of a new or increased expenditure of local funds within the meaning of Section 111.05 of the Constitution of Alabama of 2022.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to the Alabama National Guard; to amend Sections 31-10-2, 31-10-3, and 31-10-4.1, Code of Alabama 1975, relating to educational benefits for qualified active members; to limit the amount of private tuition reimbursed to eligible guard members to the median tuition of any public institution in the state; to clarify the law relating to undergraduate and graduate credentials; and to repeal Article 2, commencing with Section 31-10-20, of Chapter 10, Title 31, Code of Alabama 1975, relating to supplemental educational assistance benefits.. Description: Relating to the Alabama National Guard; to amend Sections 31-10-2, 31-10-3, and 31-10-4.1, Code of Alabama 1975, relating to educational benefits for qualified active members; to limit the amount of private tuition reimbursed to eligible guard members to the median tuition of any public institution in the state; to clarify the law relating to undergraduate and graduate credentials; and to repeal Article 2, commencing with Section 31-10-20, of Chapter 10, Title 31, Code of Alabama 1975, relating to supplemental educational assistance benefits.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: To amend Sections 36-27-1, 36-27-16, as last amended by Acts 2022-184 and 2022-351, 2022 Regular Session, and 41-27-7, Code of Alabama 1975, relating to retirement benefits for employees who are members of the Employees' Retirement System; to reopen the State Police Tier II Plan to any employee of the Alabama State Law Enforcement Agency who is certified by the Alabama Peace Officers' Standards and Training Commission and performs law enforcement duties; to modify the Tier II benefits received by all State Police Tier II members; and to clarify that employees of the Alabama State Law Enforcement Agency are state policemen for retirement purposes.. Description: To amend Sections 36-27-1, 36-27-16, as last amended by Acts 2022-184 and 2022-351, 2022 Regular Session, and 41-27-7, Code of Alabama 1975, relating to retirement benefits for employees who are members of the Employees' Retirement System; to reopen the State Police Tier II Plan to any employee of the Alabama State Law Enforcement Agency who is certified by the Alabama Peace Officers' Standards and Training Commission and performs law enforcement duties; to modify the Tier II benefits received by all State Police Tier II members; and to clarify that employees of the Alabama State Law Enforcement Agency are state policemen for retirement purposes.
In 2023, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Relating to the Retirement Systems of Alabama; to amend Section 36-27-59, Code of Alabama 1975, to remove the time limit for purchasing hazardous duty time for prior eligible service for certain firefighters, law enforcement officers, and correctional officers covered under the Employees' Retirement System or the Teachers' Retirement System as Tier I plan members.. Description: Relating to the Retirement Systems of Alabama; to amend Section 36-27-59, Code of Alabama 1975, to remove the time limit for purchasing hazardous duty time for prior eligible service for certain firefighters, law enforcement officers, and correctional officers covered under the Employees' Retirement System or the Teachers' Retirement System as Tier I plan members.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to counties and municipalities; to provide alternative virtual or electronic methods for the posting of certain public notices required by law.. Description: Relating to counties and municipalities; to provide alternative virtual or electronic methods for the posting of certain public notices required by law.
In 2023, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Relating to electric bicycles; to amend Section 32-5A-267, Code of Alabama 1975, to further provide minimum age requirements for the operation of certain electric bicycles; and to require the use of helmets during the operation of electric bicycles; and in connection therewith would have as its purpose or effect the requirement of a new or increased expenditure of local funds within the meaning of Section 111.05 of the Constitution of Alabama of 2022.. Description: Relating to electric bicycles; to amend Section 32-5A-267, Code of Alabama 1975, to further provide minimum age requirements for the operation of certain electric bicycles; and to require the use of helmets during the operation of electric bicycles; and in connection therewith would have as its purpose or effect the requirement of a new or increased expenditure of local funds within the meaning of Section 111.05 of the Constitution of Alabama of 2022.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: To alter, rearrange, and extend the boundary lines and corporate limits of the City of Lake View in Tuscaloosa and Jefferson Counties.. Description: To alter, rearrange, and extend the boundary lines and corporate limits of the City of Lake View in Tuscaloosa and Jefferson Counties.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to the Alabama Forestry Commission; to establish the Rural Logging Efficiency Act of 2023; to create the Logging Efficiency Grant Fund to be administered by the Alabama Forestry Commission; and to provide for the distribution of funding to the Alabama Forestry Commission to support rural economic development.. Description: Relating to the Alabama Forestry Commission; to establish the Rural Logging Efficiency Act of 2023; to create the Logging Efficiency Grant Fund to be administered by the Alabama Forestry Commission; and to provide for the distribution of funding to the Alabama Forestry Commission to support rural economic development.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to sales and use tax; to add a new Section 40-23-4.5, Code of Alabama 1975, to exclude products under Chapter 2A of Title 20 from the producer value added sales and use tax exemption.. Description: Relating to sales and use tax; to add a new Section 40-23-4.5, Code of Alabama 1975, to exclude products under Chapter 2A of Title 20 from the producer value added sales and use tax exemption.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to child abuse; to amend Sections 26-15-2 and 26-15-3, Code of Alabama 1975; to further define the crime of child abuse to include willful mistreatment; and in connection therewith would have as its purpose or effect the requirement of a new or increased expenditure of local funds within the meaning of Section 111.05 of the Constitution of Alabama of 2022.. Description: Relating to child abuse; to amend Sections 26-15-2 and 26-15-3, Code of Alabama 1975; to further define the crime of child abuse to include willful mistreatment; and in connection therewith would have as its purpose or effect the requirement of a new or increased expenditure of local funds within the meaning of Section 111.05 of the Constitution of Alabama of 2022.
In 2023, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Relating to disability insurance policies; to authorize disability insurers to offer paid family leave benefit policies.. Description: Relating to disability insurance policies; to authorize disability insurers to offer paid family leave benefit policies.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to the salaries of public education employees; to provide for a revision of the State Minimum Salary Schedule to reflect a pay increase of two percent beginning with the fiscal year 2023-2024; to provide that each employee of certain boards of education shall receive the pay increase according to placement on the appropriate salary step; to require the appropriate increases on the State Minimum Salary Schedule; to provide support employees with a two percent pay increase beginning with the fiscal year 2023-2024; to require salary schedules; to provide the employees of certain other public educational institutions and schools with a two percent pay increase for the 2023-2024 fiscal year; to provide for an across the board salary increase on all two-year postsecondary salary schedules, to establish other requirements on the two-year postsecondary salary schedules; and to establish miscellaneous pay provisions relating to public education.. Description: Relating to the salaries of public education employees; to provide for a revision of the State Minimum Salary Schedule to reflect a pay increase of two percent beginning with the fiscal year 2023-2024; to provide that each employee of certain boards of education shall receive the pay increase according to placement on the appropriate salary step; to require the appropriate increases on the State Minimum Salary Schedule; to provide support employees with a two percent pay increase beginning with the fiscal year 2023-2024; to require salary schedules; to provide the employees of certain other public educational institutions and schools with a two percent pay increase for the 2023-2024 fiscal year; to provide for an across the board salary increase on all two-year postsecondary salary schedules, to establish other requirements on the two-year postsecondary salary schedules; and to establish miscellaneous pay provisions relating to public education.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to income taxes; to provide a one-time refundable income tax credit to qualified taxpayers to partially offset the amount of sales taxes paid on groceries throughout the tax year; to create the Refundable Tax Credit Fund in the State Treasury; to provide that refundable credits would not be taxable for Alabama income tax purposes; and to provide an effective date.. Description: Relating to income taxes; to provide a one-time refundable income tax credit to qualified taxpayers to partially offset the amount of sales taxes paid on groceries throughout the tax year; to create the Refundable Tax Credit Fund in the State Treasury; to provide that refundable credits would not be taxable for Alabama income tax purposes; and to provide an effective date.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDAR. Description: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDAR
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to Agriculture, to amend Sections 2-8-126, 2-8-128, 2-8-131, 2-8-133, 2-8-134, 2-8-135, and 2-8-323, Code of Alabama 1975, to revise the requirements for giving notice of a referendum on an assessment to be used to promote peanuts specifically as well as other nuts, bulbs, fruits, and vegetables; to revise the time an assessment on the sale of nuts, bulbs, fruits, or vegetables is effective between referendums; to revise the percentage the Commissioner of Agriculture and Industries may deduct from the sum of the assessment on nuts, bulbs, fruit, and vegetables; to revise the length of time between audits of an organization certified to conduct a referendum regarding an assessment on the sale of sheep and goats; and to make nonsubstantive, technical revisions to update the existing code language to current style.. Description: Relating to Agriculture, to amend Sections 2-8-126, 2-8-128, 2-8-131, 2-8-133, 2-8-134, 2-8-135, and 2-8-323, Code of Alabama 1975, to revise the requirements for giving notice of a referendum on an assessment to be used to promote peanuts specifically as well as other nuts, bulbs, fruits, and vegetables; to revise the time an assessment on the sale of nuts, bulbs, fruits, or vegetables is effective between referendums; to revise the percentage the Commissioner of Agriculture and Industries may deduct from the sum of the assessment on nuts, bulbs, fruit, and vegetables; to revise the length of time between audits of an organization certified to conduct a referendum regarding an assessment on the sale of sheep and goats; and to make nonsubstantive, technical revisions to update the existing code language to current style.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to retirement; to extend the provisions of Act 2022-229 to allow local units participating in the Employees' Retirement System additional time to elect to come under the provisions of the act.. Description: Relating to retirement; to extend the provisions of Act 2022-229 to allow local units participating in the Employees' Retirement System additional time to elect to come under the provisions of the act.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: To make an appropriation of $389,327 from the Education Trust Fund to Southern Preparatory Academy, formerly Lyman Ward Military Academy, in Camp Hill, Alabama for the support and maintenance of the educational program of the institution, for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2024; to provide that the appropriation is subject to certain provisions of the Code of Alabama 1975; to require an operations plan and an audited financial statement prior to the release of any funds; and to require an end of year report.. Description: To make an appropriation of $389,327 from the Education Trust Fund to Southern Preparatory Academy, formerly Lyman Ward Military Academy, in Camp Hill, Alabama for the support and maintenance of the educational program of the institution, for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2024; to provide that the appropriation is subject to certain provisions of the Code of Alabama 1975; to require an operations plan and an audited financial statement prior to the release of any funds; and to require an end of year report.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to juvenile probation services; to amend Section 12-5A-13 of the Code of A. Description: Relating to juvenile probation services; to amend Section 12-5A-13 of the Code of A
In 2023, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Relating to the Alabama Medical Liability Act of 1996; to amend Section 6-5-549.1 of the Code of Alabama 1975, to provide that the term "health care provider" as used in that act and the Alabama Medical Liability Act of 1987 would include emergency medical services personnel and any emergency medical provider service.. Description: Relating to the Alabama Medical Liability Act of 1996; to amend Section 6-5-549.1 of the Code of Alabama 1975, to provide that the term "health care provider" as used in that act and the Alabama Medical Liability Act of 1987 would include emergency medical services personnel and any emergency medical provider service.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to nonprofit homeowners' associations; amending Section 35-20-5, Code of Alabama 1975, to remove the requirement that certain duplicative filings shall be submitted to the Secretary of State.. Description: Relating to nonprofit homeowners' associations; amending Section 35-20-5, Code of Alabama 1975, to remove the requirement that certain duplicative filings shall be submitted to the Secretary of State.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to courts; to amend Section 12-19-210, Code of Alabama 1975, to increase the expense allowance and mileage reimbursement paid to jurors by order or rule.. Description: Relating to courts; to amend Section 12-19-210, Code of Alabama 1975, to increase the expense allowance and mileage reimbursement paid to jurors by order or rule.
In 2023, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: To amend Section 40-9-12, Code of Alabama 1975, regarding tax exemptions, to change the name of the National Foundation to reflect its current name, the March of Dimes Inc.. Description: To amend Section 40-9-12, Code of Alabama 1975, regarding tax exemptions, to change the name of the National Foundation to reflect its current name, the March of Dimes Inc.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to state government; to amend Sections 41-4-114, 41-4-120, 41-4-122 as last amended by Act 2022-357 of the 2022 Regular Session, 41-4-124, 41-4-125, Section 41-4-126 as last amended by Act 2022-357 of the 2022 Regular Session, 41-4-139, 41-4-172, 29-2-41.1 Code of Alabama 1975, to further provide exemptions to the state procurement code; to further provide for the authority to make emergency procurements and the review of those procurements by the Contract Review Legislative Oversight Committee; to provide for the procurement of certain health professionals who provide services to the Medicaid Agency under certain conditions; to further provide for the definition of professional services to include the management and administration of occupational licensing boards; to provide for the procurement of supplies, services, and professional services by district attorneys or sheriffs; to provide for the change of the name of the Office of the Chief Procurement Officer to the Division of Procurement; and to add Section 41-4-125.01 to the Code of Alabama 1975, to provide for the procurement of physicians retained to provide medical services to the State of Alabama.. Description: Relating to state government; to amend Sections 41-4-114, 41-4-120, 41-4-122 as last amended by Act 2022-357 of the 2022 Regular Session, 41-4-124, 41-4-125, Section 41-4-126 as last amended by Act 2022-357 of the 2022 Regular Session, 41-4-139, 41-4-172, 29-2-41.1 Code of Alabama 1975, to further provide exemptions to the state procurement code; to further provide for the authority to make emergency procurements and the review of those procurements by the Contract Review Legislative Oversight Committee; to provide for the procurement of certain health professionals who provide services to the Medicaid Agency under certain conditions; to further provide for the definition of professional services to include the management and administration of occupational licensing boards; to provide for the procurement of supplies, services, and professional services by district attorneys or sheriffs; to provide for the change of the name of the Office of the Chief Procurement Officer to the Division of Procurement; and to add Section 41-4-125.01 to the Code of Alabama 1975, to provide for the procurement of physicians retained to provide medical services to the State of Alabama.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: To amend Sections 29-9-2, 29-9-3, and 29-9-4, Code of Alabama 1975, as last amended by Acts 2022-139 and 2022-358 of the 2022 Regular Session, and Sections 29-9-5, Code of Alabama 1975, relating to the Education Trust Fund Rolling Reserve Act, to provide additional definitions; to provide further for annual Education Trust Fund appropriations; to provide further for the distribution of revenues received in excess of appropriations; to create the Educational Opportunities Reserve Fund and provide for the funding and appropriations from the fund; to revise the allowable uses of withdrawals from the Budget Stabilization Fund to eliminate temporary loans for repairs; and to repeal obsolete Section 29-9-2.1 of the Code of Alabama of 1975.. Description: To amend Sections 29-9-2, 29-9-3, and 29-9-4, Code of Alabama 1975, as last amended by Acts 2022-139 and 2022-358 of the 2022 Regular Session, and Sections 29-9-5, Code of Alabama 1975, relating to the Education Trust Fund Rolling Reserve Act, to provide additional definitions; to provide further for annual Education Trust Fund appropriations; to provide further for the distribution of revenues received in excess of appropriations; to create the Educational Opportunities Reserve Fund and provide for the funding and appropriations from the fund; to revise the allowable uses of withdrawals from the Budget Stabilization Fund to eliminate temporary loans for repairs; and to repeal obsolete Section 29-9-2.1 of the Code of Alabama of 1975.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to the State Ethics Commission; to require the commission to provide an alleged violator with certain evidence; and to amend Section 36-25-24, Code of Alabama 1975, to further provide whistle blower protection to employees reporting ethics violations.. Description: Relating to the State Ethics Commission; to require the commission to provide an alleged violator with certain evidence; and to amend Section 36-25-24, Code of Alabama 1975, to further provide whistle blower protection to employees reporting ethics violations.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to civil liability; to amend Section 6-5-71, Code of Alabama 1975, to further provide for the right of action for injuries resulting from the illegal furnishing of alcoholic beverages, by basing liability for a person who illegally furnishes alcoholic beverages to an individual who injures a third party on what the furnisher knew or should have known under the circumstances; to specify when the right of action is not available; and to provide legislative intent.. Description: Relating to civil liability; to amend Section 6-5-71, Code of Alabama 1975, to further provide for the right of action for injuries resulting from the illegal furnishing of alcoholic beverages, by basing liability for a person who illegally furnishes alcoholic beverages to an individual who injures a third party on what the furnisher knew or should have known under the circumstances; to specify when the right of action is not available; and to provide legislative intent.
In 2023, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Relating to consumption of fishes; to require the State Health Officer to issue advisories concerning fish consumption and to establish a panel to advise on and discuss this issue; to require the Alabama Department of Environmental Management to test fishes for pollutants and post signage at water bodies notifying of an active fish consumption advisory; and to require the Department of Conservation and Natural Resources to notify fish license purchasers of all active advisories.. Description: Relating to consumption of fishes; to require the State Health Officer to issue advisories concerning fish consumption and to establish a panel to advise on and discuss this issue; to require the Alabama Department of Environmental Management to test fishes for pollutants and post signage at water bodies notifying of an active fish consumption advisory; and to require the Department of Conservation and Natural Resources to notify fish license purchasers of all active advisories.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to public contracts; to amend Sections 41-16-50, 41-16-51, 41-16-52, 41-16-53, 41-16-54, and 41-16-55, Code of Alabama 1975, to increase the threshold dollar amount for which competitive bidding is generally required for certain state and local public awarding authorities, with exceptions; to provide a legislative method for the increase of the threshold dollar amount; and in connection therewith would have as its purpose or effect the requirement of a new or increased expenditure of local funds within the meaning of Section 111.05 of the Constitution of Alabama of 2022.. Description: Relating to public contracts; to amend Sections 41-16-50, 41-16-51, 41-16-52, 41-16-53, 41-16-54, and 41-16-55, Code of Alabama 1975, to increase the threshold dollar amount for which competitive bidding is generally required for certain state and local public awarding authorities, with exceptions; to provide a legislative method for the increase of the threshold dollar amount; and in connection therewith would have as its purpose or effect the requirement of a new or increased expenditure of local funds within the meaning of Section 111.05 of the Constitution of Alabama of 2022.
In 2023, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Relating to the Alabama Board of Social Work Examiners; to amend Section 34-30-3, Code of Alabama 1975, and to add Section 34-30-34 to the Code of Alabama 1975; to provide further for the scope of practice of licensees.. Description: Relating to the Alabama Board of Social Work Examiners; to amend Section 34-30-3, Code of Alabama 1975, and to add Section 34-30-34 to the Code of Alabama 1975; to provide further for the scope of practice of licensees.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: To make an appropriation of $1,069,234 from the Education Trust Fund to Talladega College in Talladega, Alabama for the support and maintenance of the educational program of the institution, for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2024; to provide that the appropriation is subject to certain provisions of the Code of Alabama 1975; to require an operations plan and an audited financial statement prior to the release of any funds; and to require an end of year report.. Description: To make an appropriation of $1,069,234 from the Education Trust Fund to Talladega College in Talladega, Alabama for the support and maintenance of the educational program of the institution, for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2024; to provide that the appropriation is subject to certain provisions of the Code of Alabama 1975; to require an operations plan and an audited financial statement prior to the release of any funds; and to require an end of year report.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to health care facilities; to add Section 22-21-437 to the Code of Alabama 1975; to require health care facilities to adopt certain visitation policies; to provide that patients have a right to certain visitation; to allow patients to designate an essential caregiver and to guarantee that caregiver certain visitation rights; to prohibit a health care facility from adopting a visitation policy that is more stringent than certain employee policies; to prohibit a health care facility from requiring visitors to show proof of vaccination or from prohibiting consensual physical contact between visitors and patients; to provide for the circumstances in which patients may not be denied visitors who are not essential caregivers; to require health care facilities to provide visitation policies to the Department of Public Health; to require the Department of Public Health to develop a mechanism for complaints; to provide certain immunity from liability in certain circumstances; to exempt certain psychiatric care facilities from the provisions of this bill; and to repeal Sections 22-21-430 through 22-21-436, Code of Alabama 1975, relating to hospital visitation during a public health emergency.. Description: Relating to health care facilities; to add Section 22-21-437 to the Code of Alabama 1975; to require health care facilities to adopt certain visitation policies; to provide that patients have a right to certain visitation; to allow patients to designate an essential caregiver and to guarantee that caregiver certain visitation rights; to prohibit a health care facility from adopting a visitation policy that is more stringent than certain employee policies; to prohibit a health care facility from requiring visitors to show proof of vaccination or from prohibiting consensual physical contact between visitors and patients; to provide for the circumstances in which patients may not be denied visitors who are not essential caregivers; to require health care facilities to provide visitation policies to the Department of Public Health; to require the Department of Public Health to develop a mechanism for complaints; to provide certain immunity from liability in certain circumstances; to exempt certain psychiatric care facilities from the provisions of this bill; and to repeal Sections 22-21-430 through 22-21-436, Code of Alabama 1975, relating to hospital visitation during a public health emergency.
In 2023, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Relating to building codes; to provide a limited exemption to applicable building codes for certain nonprofit veterans' organizations that acquire certain buildings under certain conditions.. Description: Relating to building codes; to provide a limited exemption to applicable building codes for certain nonprofit veterans' organizations that acquire certain buildings under certain conditions.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to crimes; to amend Sections 13A-10-30, 13A-10-36, 13A-10-37, and 13A-10-38, Code of Alabama 1975, to allow a detention facility to adopt a policy to further define what items constitute "contraband" for purposes of banning certain items from detention facilities; to further define the crimes of promoting contraband in the first, second, and third degree to apply to juveniles under certain circumstances; to make nonsubstantive, technical revisions to update the existing code language to current style; and in connection therewith would have as its purpose or effect the requirement of a new or increased expenditure of local funds within the meaning of Section 111.05 of the Constitution of Alabama of 2022.. Description: Relating to crimes; to amend Sections 13A-10-30, 13A-10-36, 13A-10-37, and 13A-10-38, Code of Alabama 1975, to allow a detention facility to adopt a policy to further define what items constitute "contraband" for purposes of banning certain items from detention facilities; to further define the crimes of promoting contraband in the first, second, and third degree to apply to juveniles under certain circumstances; to make nonsubstantive, technical revisions to update the existing code language to current style; and in connection therewith would have as its purpose or effect the requirement of a new or increased expenditure of local funds within the meaning of Section 111.05 of the Constitution of Alabama of 2022.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to surplus state property; to authorize the State Forester to sell surplus personal property owned by the Alabama Forestry Commission. Description: Relating to surplus state property; to authorize the State Forester to sell surplus personal property owned by the Alabama Forestry Commission
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to the Employees' Retirement System of Alabama; to amend Section 36-27-59, Code of Alabama 1975, to designate the Commissioner of Corrections and deputy commissioners of corrections who have earned and maintain APOSTC certification as correctional officers or law enforcement officers for state retirement purposes; and to provide that the designation is retroactive.. Description: Relating to the Employees' Retirement System of Alabama; to amend Section 36-27-59, Code of Alabama 1975, to designate the Commissioner of Corrections and deputy commissioners of corrections who have earned and maintain APOSTC certification as correctional officers or law enforcement officers for state retirement purposes; and to provide that the designation is retroactive.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to the Alabama Board of Funeral Service; to amend Section 34-13-1, as amended by Act 2022-339, 2022 Regular Session, Sections 34-13-20, 34-13-21, and 34-13-22, Sections 34-13-23 and 34-13-27, as amended by Act 2022-339, 2022 Regular Session, Code of Alabama 1975, to rename the Alabama Board of Funeral Service as the Alabama Board of Funeral Services and to provide further for definitions and the membership of the board; to add Article 5 to Chapter 13, Title 34, Code of Alabama 1975, by amending and renumbering Sections 27-17A-1, 27-17A-3, 27-17A-4, 27-17A-10 to 27-17A-25, inclusive, 27-17A-30 to 27-17A-34, inclusive, and 27-17A-40 to 27-17A-57, inclusive, as Sections 34-13-170 to 34-13-172, inclusive, 34-13-190 to 34-13-206, inclusive, 34-13-230 to 34-13-234, inclusive, and 34-13-260 to 34-13-277, inclusive, Code of Alabama 1975; to establish the Alabama Preneed Funeral and Cemetery Act of 2023; to transfer the existing Preneed Funeral and Cemetery Act, and the regulation of preneed contracts, from the Commissioner and Department of Insurance to the Alabama Board of Funeral Service; to authorize the Department of Insurance to temporarily transfer certain funds to the board to defray costs associated with the administration and operation of the Alabama Preneed Funeral and Cemetery Act of 2023; and in connection therewith would have as its purpose or effect the requirement of a new or increased expenditure of local funds within the meaning of Section 111.05 of the Constitution of Alabama of 2022.. Description: Relating to the Alabama Board of Funeral Service; to amend Section 34-13-1, as amended by Act 2022-339, 2022 Regular Session, Sections 34-13-20, 34-13-21, and 34-13-22, Sections 34-13-23 and 34-13-27, as amended by Act 2022-339, 2022 Regular Session, Code of Alabama 1975, to rename the Alabama Board of Funeral Service as the Alabama Board of Funeral Services and to provide further for definitions and the membership of the board; to add Article 5 to Chapter 13, Title 34, Code of Alabama 1975, by amending and renumbering Sections 27-17A-1, 27-17A-3, 27-17A-4, 27-17A-10 to 27-17A-25, inclusive, 27-17A-30 to 27-17A-34, inclusive, and 27-17A-40 to 27-17A-57, inclusive, as Sections 34-13-170 to 34-13-172, inclusive, 34-13-190 to 34-13-206, inclusive, 34-13-230 to 34-13-234, inclusive, and 34-13-260 to 34-13-277, inclusive, Code of Alabama 1975; to establish the Alabama Preneed Funeral and Cemetery Act of 2023; to transfer the existing Preneed Funeral and Cemetery Act, and the regulation of preneed contracts, from the Commissioner and Department of Insurance to the Alabama Board of Funeral Service; to authorize the Department of Insurance to temporarily transfer certain funds to the board to defray costs associated with the administration and operation of the Alabama Preneed Funeral and Cemetery Act of 2023; and in connection therewith would have as its purpose or effect the requirement of a new or increased expenditure of local funds within the meaning of Section 111.05 of the Constitution of Alabama of 2022.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to law enforcement; to amend Sections 26-19A-2, 26-19A-3, 26-19A-4, and 26-19A-5, Code of Alabama 1975, to expand missing and endangered persons alerts to include individuals who have been abducted; and to make nonsubstantive, technical revisions to update the existing code language to current style.. Description: Relating to law enforcement; to amend Sections 26-19A-2, 26-19A-3, 26-19A-4, and 26-19A-5, Code of Alabama 1975, to expand missing and endangered persons alerts to include individuals who have been abducted; and to make nonsubstantive, technical revisions to update the existing code language to current style.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to Lauderdale County; to amend Section 45-39-70, Code of Alabama 1975, to increase the salary of the Chair of the Lauderdale County Commission; to provide retroactive application; and to make nonsubstantive, technical revisions to update the existing code language to current style.. Description: Relating to Lauderdale County; to amend Section 45-39-70, Code of Alabama 1975, to increase the salary of the Chair of the Lauderdale County Commission; to provide retroactive application; and to make nonsubstantive, technical revisions to update the existing code language to current style.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to the Alcoholic Beverage Control Board; to amend Sections 28-1-5, as amended by Act 2022-383, 2022 Regular Session, and 28-10-6 of the Code of Alabama 1975, to authorize an employee of a restaurant or hotel that is a restaurant or special retail licensee of the board to serve alcoholic beverages under the same specified conditions as an employee of a restaurant licensee; and to further provide for the forms and records of responsible vendor training.. Description: Relating to the Alcoholic Beverage Control Board; to amend Sections 28-1-5, as amended by Act 2022-383, 2022 Regular Session, and 28-10-6 of the Code of Alabama 1975, to authorize an employee of a restaurant or hotel that is a restaurant or special retail licensee of the board to serve alcoholic beverages under the same specified conditions as an employee of a restaurant licensee; and to further provide for the forms and records of responsible vendor training.
In 2023, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Relating to the Insurance Department; to amend Section 27-2-39 of the Code of Alabama 1975, to authorize the department to post notice of hearings for the consideration of matters which would otherwise require separate notices to more than 50 persons on a website maintained by the department; and to require the department to post notices of hearings held for consideration of rules of the commissioner on a website maintained by the department and to publish the notices in the Alabama Administrative Monthly.. Description: Relating to the Insurance Department; to amend Section 27-2-39 of the Code of Alabama 1975, to authorize the department to post notice of hearings for the consideration of matters which would otherwise require separate notices to more than 50 persons on a website maintained by the department; and to require the department to post notices of hearings held for consideration of rules of the commissioner on a website maintained by the department and to publish the notices in the Alabama Administrative Monthly.
In 2023, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: To alter, rearrange, and extend the boundary lines and corporate limits of the municipality of Spanish Fort in Baldwin County.. Description: To alter, rearrange, and extend the boundary lines and corporate limits of the municipality of Spanish Fort in Baldwin County.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to crimes and offenses; to add Article 12, commencing with Section 13A-6-260, to Chapter 6 of Title 13A to the Code of Alabama 1975, to identify criminal enterprise members, to enhance penalties for any criminal activity that benefits, promotes, or furthers the interest of a criminal enterprise, and to establish mandatory consecutive penalties for any firearm possession in certain circumstances; to amend Section 12-15-204, Code of Alabama 1975, to require any juvenile 16 years of age or older to be tried as an adult for any criminal enterprise related criminal activity; and in connection therewith would have as its purpose or effect the requirement of a new or increased expenditure of local funds within the meaning of Section 111.05 of the Constitution of Alabama of 2022.. Description: Relating to crimes and offenses; to add Article 12, commencing with Section 13A-6-260, to Chapter 6 of Title 13A to the Code of Alabama 1975, to identify criminal enterprise members, to enhance penalties for any criminal activity that benefits, promotes, or furthers the interest of a criminal enterprise, and to establish mandatory consecutive penalties for any firearm possession in certain circumstances; to amend Section 12-15-204, Code of Alabama 1975, to require any juvenile 16 years of age or older to be tried as an adult for any criminal enterprise related criminal activity; and in connection therewith would have as its purpose or effect the requirement of a new or increased expenditure of local funds within the meaning of Section 111.05 of the Constitution of Alabama of 2022.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to Lauderdale County; to amend Section 45-39-200.05 of the Code of Alabama 1975, relating to the Office of License Commissioner, to further provide for a mail fee for the renewal of business licenses by mail.. Description: Relating to Lauderdale County; to amend Section 45-39-200.05 of the Code of Alabama 1975, relating to the Office of License Commissioner, to further provide for a mail fee for the renewal of business licenses by mail.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to livestock; to amend Section 3-5-2, Code of Alabama 1975, to provide that no municipal governing body may adopt or continue in effect any ordinance, rule, resolution, or directive that prohibits a person from permitting their livestock or animals to run at large on the premises of another or public land which does not require the same mens rea as state law; and to make nonsubstantive, technical revisions to update the existing code language to current style.. Description: Relating to livestock; to amend Section 3-5-2, Code of Alabama 1975, to provide that no municipal governing body may adopt or continue in effect any ordinance, rule, resolution, or directive that prohibits a person from permitting their livestock or animals to run at large on the premises of another or public land which does not require the same mens rea as state law; and to make nonsubstantive, technical revisions to update the existing code language to current style.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to judges of probate; to amend Section 35-2-57, Code of Alabama 1975, to specify the method for a judge of probate to record that an electronic map or a plat has been vacated.. Description: Relating to judges of probate; to amend Section 35-2-57, Code of Alabama 1975, to specify the method for a judge of probate to record that an electronic map or a plat has been vacated.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: COMMENDING MR. FRANK JAMES MATTHEWS III FOR PROFESSIONAL ACHIEVEMENTS.. Description: COMMENDING MR. FRANK JAMES MATTHEWS III FOR PROFESSIONAL ACHIEVEMENTS.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to criminal procedure; to further provide for pretrial supervision of certain offenders by the Board of Pardons and Paroles as a condition of their bond.. Description: Relating to criminal procedure; to further provide for pretrial supervision of certain offenders by the Board of Pardons and Paroles as a condition of their bond.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to driver license suspensions; to provide for the suspension of an individual's driver license or driving privilege in certain circumstances.. Description: Relating to driver license suspensions; to provide for the suspension of an individual's driver license or driving privilege in certain circumstances.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to the Board of Medical Examiners; to amend Sections 34-24-50.1 and 34-24-70, Code of Alabama 1975, to provide further for qualifications for licensure as a physician; and to add Section 34-24-75.2 to the Code of Alabama 1975, to authorize the board to issue permits for certain medical school graduates to practice medicine in a limited capacity for a limited time as bridge year graduate physicians.. Description: Relating to the Board of Medical Examiners; to amend Sections 34-24-50.1 and 34-24-70, Code of Alabama 1975, to provide further for qualifications for licensure as a physician; and to add Section 34-24-75.2 to the Code of Alabama 1975, to authorize the board to issue permits for certain medical school graduates to practice medicine in a limited capacity for a limited time as bridge year graduate physicians.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to parolees and probationers; to amend Sections 15-22-31 and 15-22-54, Code of Alabama 1975, to allow a law enforcement officer to arrest a parolee or probationer without a warrant in certain circumstances; to require the Board of Pardons and Paroles to send the Alabama State Law Enforcement Agency the conditions of parole for an individual released on parole; to require a court to provide to the Alabama State Law Enforcement Agency the conditions of probation for an individual released on probation; and to require the Alabama State Law Enforcement Agency to make the conditions of parole or probation available to law enforcement officers and other authorized persons through the Law Enforcement Tactical System.. Description: Relating to parolees and probationers; to amend Sections 15-22-31 and 15-22-54, Code of Alabama 1975, to allow a law enforcement officer to arrest a parolee or probationer without a warrant in certain circumstances; to require the Board of Pardons and Paroles to send the Alabama State Law Enforcement Agency the conditions of parole for an individual released on parole; to require a court to provide to the Alabama State Law Enforcement Agency the conditions of probation for an individual released on probation; and to require the Alabama State Law Enforcement Agency to make the conditions of parole or probation available to law enforcement officers and other authorized persons through the Law Enforcement Tactical System.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to Medicaid; to amend Section 40-26B-26, Code of Alabama 1975, to revise the circumstances under which the Alabama Medicaid Agency may revise the ceiling for the Medicaid reimbursement rate to nursing facilities during a given fiscal year; and to make nonsubstantive, technical revisions to update the existing code language to current style.. Description: Relating to Medicaid; to amend Section 40-26B-26, Code of Alabama 1975, to revise the circumstances under which the Alabama Medicaid Agency may revise the ceiling for the Medicaid reimbursement rate to nursing facilities during a given fiscal year; and to make nonsubstantive, technical revisions to update the existing code language to current style.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to the state firearms prohibited person database; to amend Section 22-52-10.1, Code of Alabama 1975, to require the judge of probate to report an order, or any modification to a previous order, of involuntary commitment to the Alabama State Law Enforcement Agency; to require circuit judges to report any order of involuntary commitment to the Alabama State Law Enforcement Agency; and to require the Alabama State Law Enforcement Agency to enter an order, or any modification to a previous order, for involuntary commitment received by a judge of probate or a circuit judge, for entry into the database.. Description: Relating to the state firearms prohibited person database; to amend Section 22-52-10.1, Code of Alabama 1975, to require the judge of probate to report an order, or any modification to a previous order, of involuntary commitment to the Alabama State Law Enforcement Agency; to require circuit judges to report any order of involuntary commitment to the Alabama State Law Enforcement Agency; and to require the Alabama State Law Enforcement Agency to enter an order, or any modification to a previous order, for involuntary commitment received by a judge of probate or a circuit judge, for entry into the database.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to civil liability; to amend Sections 6-5-700, 6-5-701, 6-5-702, 6-5-703, 6-5-704, 6-5-705, and 6-5-708, Code of Alabama 1975, to further provide for the liability of a public awarding authority and its contractors regarding the construction and maintenance of public roads; to delete an exception to the statutory protection from liability of a contractor; to create a rebuttable presumption of nonliability of the awarding authority and its contractors when certain circumstances apply; and to provide certain pleading requirements in the filing of a complaint for injury or death arising form the construction or maintenance of a public road.. Description: Relating to civil liability; to amend Sections 6-5-700, 6-5-701, 6-5-702, 6-5-703, 6-5-704, 6-5-705, and 6-5-708, Code of Alabama 1975, to further provide for the liability of a public awarding authority and its contractors regarding the construction and maintenance of public roads; to delete an exception to the statutory protection from liability of a contractor; to create a rebuttable presumption of nonliability of the awarding authority and its contractors when certain circumstances apply; and to provide certain pleading requirements in the filing of a complaint for injury or death arising form the construction or maintenance of a public road.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to Bullock County; to further provide for the compensation of the judge of probate.. Description: Relating to Bullock County; to further provide for the compensation of the judge of probate.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to Barbour County; to provide further for the compensation of the sheriff.. Description: Relating to Barbour County; to provide further for the compensation of the sheriff.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to the Alabama State Board of Veterinary Medical Examiners; to amend Section 34-29-67, Code of Alabama 1975, to increase the daily stipend for board members; and to authorize the board to increase the amount of the daily stipend at its discretion by rule.. Description: Relating to the Alabama State Board of Veterinary Medical Examiners; to amend Section 34-29-67, Code of Alabama 1975, to increase the daily stipend for board members; and to authorize the board to increase the amount of the daily stipend at its discretion by rule.
In 2023, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: To authorize any county, municipality, or governmental entity subject to a countywide civil service system established by a local law to elect by a majority vote of the governing body of the county, municipality, or governmental entity to be exempt from the countywide civil service system for the recruitment and hiring of all employees; to require the county, municipality, or governmental entity to adopt a human resources policy and procedures manual and to notify the director of the countywide civil service system of its decision to withdraw from the system for the recruitment and hiring of employees; and to provide that employees, after a probationary period, would be merit system employees subject to all rights and protections under the countywide civil service system.. Description: To authorize any county, municipality, or governmental entity subject to a countywide civil service system established by a local law to elect by a majority vote of the governing body of the county, municipality, or governmental entity to be exempt from the countywide civil service system for the recruitment and hiring of all employees; to require the county, municipality, or governmental entity to adopt a human resources policy and procedures manual and to notify the director of the countywide civil service system of its decision to withdraw from the system for the recruitment and hiring of employees; and to provide that employees, after a probationary period, would be merit system employees subject to all rights and protections under the countywide civil service system.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to economic development; to add Article 2D, commencing with Section 41-10-47.01, to Chapter 10 of Title 41, Code of Alabama 1975; to authorize the State Industrial Development Authority to make site assessment grants and site development grants to certain companies; to provide for the criteria that must be met for grant approval; to provide for changes to criteria based on economic conditions; to limit the funding that may be received by any site under the grant program; to create the Alabama Site Development Fund and provide for its management; to amend Section 41-10-27.2, Code of Alabama 1975, providing for an annual appropriation to the State Industrial Development Authority, to authorize the appropriation to be expended on the grant program created herein; and to exempt the State Industrial Development Authority and certain economic development organizations from certain state laws.. Description: Relating to economic development; to add Article 2D, commencing with Section 41-10-47.01, to Chapter 10 of Title 41, Code of Alabama 1975; to authorize the State Industrial Development Authority to make site assessment grants and site development grants to certain companies; to provide for the criteria that must be met for grant approval; to provide for changes to criteria based on economic conditions; to limit the funding that may be received by any site under the grant program; to create the Alabama Site Development Fund and provide for its management; to amend Section 41-10-27.2, Code of Alabama 1975, providing for an annual appropriation to the State Industrial Development Authority, to authorize the appropriation to be expended on the grant program created herein; and to exempt the State Industrial Development Authority and certain economic development organizations from certain state laws.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to municipalities; to add a new Article 3, commencing with Section 11-54B-80 to Title 11, Chapter 54B, Code of Alabama 1975, to provide that Class 3 municipalities may establish self-help business improvement districts.. Description: Relating to municipalities; to add a new Article 3, commencing with Section 11-54B-80 to Title 11, Chapter 54B, Code of Alabama 1975, to provide that Class 3 municipalities may establish self-help business improvement districts.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to health insurance; to allow health insurers to communicate with enrollees regarding their health insurance plan or policy by electronic means.. Description: Relating to health insurance; to allow health insurers to communicate with enrollees regarding their health insurance plan or policy by electronic means.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to Bullock County; to provide an additional expense allowance for the revenue commissioner.. Description: Relating to Bullock County; to provide an additional expense allowance for the revenue commissioner.
In 2023, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Relating to municipalities; to amend Section 11-51-90.1, Code of Alabama 1975, relating to the municipal business license tax; to specify that the definition of gross receipts does not include any excise tax imposed by the federal, state, and local governments.. Description: Relating to municipalities; to amend Section 11-51-90.1, Code of Alabama 1975, relating to the municipal business license tax; to specify that the definition of gross receipts does not include any excise tax imposed by the federal, state, and local governments.
In 2023, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Relating to Lee County; to amend Section 45-41-242.06, Code of Alabama 1975, to change the name of the Auburn-Opelika Convention and Visitors Bureau to Auburn-Opelike Tourism; and to further provide for the membership and operation of Auburn-Opelika Tourism.. Description: Relating to Lee County; to amend Section 45-41-242.06, Code of Alabama 1975, to change the name of the Auburn-Opelika Convention and Visitors Bureau to Auburn-Opelike Tourism; and to further provide for the membership and operation of Auburn-Opelika Tourism.
In 2023, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Relating to the Teachers' Retirement System and the Employees' Retirement System; to amend Section 16-1-44.1, Code of Alabama 1975; to provide further for the compensation of retired law enforcement officers providing services as school resource officers for local boards of education.. Description: Relating to the Teachers' Retirement System and the Employees' Retirement System; to amend Section 16-1-44.1, Code of Alabama 1975; to provide further for the compensation of retired law enforcement officers providing services as school resource officers for local boards of education.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: To establish the ReEngage Alabama Grant Program; to provide grant award payments to eligible adult learners; to provide eligibility standards, and to provide for administration by the Alabama Commission on Higher Education; relating to grants for short-term credentials; to establish the Alabama Short-Term Credential Scholarship Program to provide grants to Alabama residents to help them earn short-term credentials; to determine eligible recipients; to establish procedures for administering the program; to set forth the process by which the program will be funded; and to repeal the Alabama Apprenticeship Tax Credit Act commencing with Section 40-18-422, Code of Alabama 1975.. Description: To establish the ReEngage Alabama Grant Program; to provide grant award payments to eligible adult learners; to provide eligibility standards, and to provide for administration by the Alabama Commission on Higher Education; relating to grants for short-term credentials; to establish the Alabama Short-Term Credential Scholarship Program to provide grants to Alabama residents to help them earn short-term credentials; to determine eligible recipients; to establish procedures for administering the program; to set forth the process by which the program will be funded; and to repeal the Alabama Apprenticeship Tax Credit Act commencing with Section 40-18-422, Code of Alabama 1975.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: To create the Students' Right to Know Act of 2023; to require the Alabama Commission on Higher Education to collect data and create an interactive online tool for students for use in making informed decisions relating to education and professions; and to require the commission and Workforce Development Division of the Department of Commerce to share data and information as necessary to comply with this act.. Description: To create the Students' Right to Know Act of 2023; to require the Alabama Commission on Higher Education to collect data and create an interactive online tool for students for use in making informed decisions relating to education and professions; and to require the commission and Workforce Development Division of the Department of Commerce to share data and information as necessary to comply with this act.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: R. Description: R
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to labor and employement; to exclude consideration of a motor carrier's use of safety improvements, technologies, practices, and driver coaching in determining a motor carrier driver's classification as an independent contractor or an employee under state law.. Description: Relating to labor and employement; to exclude consideration of a motor carrier's use of safety improvements, technologies, practices, and driver coaching in determining a motor carrier driver's classification as an independent contractor or an employee under state law.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to the Department of Corrections; to add Section 14-1-25 to the Code of Alabama 1975, to provide that the Department of Corrections may expend funds to further the mission of the department.. Description: Relating to the Department of Corrections; to add Section 14-1-25 to the Code of Alabama 1975, to provide that the Department of Corrections may expend funds to further the mission of the department.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to the Alabama Security Regulatory Board; to amend Sections 34-27C-2 and 34-27C-4, Code of Alabama 1975; to delete conflicting language regarding compensation of board members; and to provide further for criminal history background checks on applicants for licensure or certification and renewal.. Description: Relating to the Alabama Security Regulatory Board; to amend Sections 34-27C-2 and 34-27C-4, Code of Alabama 1975; to delete conflicting language regarding compensation of board members; and to provide further for criminal history background checks on applicants for licensure or certification and renewal.
In 2023, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: This bill would propose an amendment to the Constitution of Alabama of 2022, r. Description: This bill would propose an amendment to the Constitution of Alabama of 2022, r
In 2023, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Relating to Lauderdale County; to amend Section 45-39-246, providing for the distribution of Tennessee Valley Authority in lieu-of-taxes payments, to reallocate payments from the county and municipalities to the Agriculture Center Authority.. Description: Relating to Lauderdale County; to amend Section 45-39-246, providing for the distribution of Tennessee Valley Authority in lieu-of-taxes payments, to reallocate payments from the county and municipalities to the Agriculture Center Authority.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to use of industrial access roads and bridges; to amend Section 23-6-9, Code of Alabama 1975, to exclude certain industrial access roads constructed by certain public corporations from the public highway and street system of the state; to provide for certain roads to be considered an industrial access road for purposes of this chapter; and to make nonsubstantive, technical revisions to update the existing code language to current style.. Description: Relating to use of industrial access roads and bridges; to amend Section 23-6-9, Code of Alabama 1975, to exclude certain industrial access roads constructed by certain public corporations from the public highway and street system of the state; to provide for certain roads to be considered an industrial access road for purposes of this chapter; and to make nonsubstantive, technical revisions to update the existing code language to current style.
In 2023, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Relating to the practice of dentistry and dental hygiene; to amend Sections 34-9-1, 34-9-5, 34-9-10, 34-9-11, 34-9-15, 34-9-26, 34-9-27, 34-9-43, 34-9-60, 34-9-63, and 34-9-86, Code of Alabama 1975; to further provide for penalties for violations; and qualifications for licensure and administration of controlled substances by dentists and dental hygienists.. Description: Relating to the practice of dentistry and dental hygiene; to amend Sections 34-9-1, 34-9-5, 34-9-10, 34-9-11, 34-9-15, 34-9-26, 34-9-27, 34-9-43, 34-9-60, 34-9-63, and 34-9-86, Code of Alabama 1975; to further provide for penalties for violations; and qualifications for licensure and administration of controlled substances by dentists and dental hygienists.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to the Contract Review Permanent Legislative Oversight Committee; to amend Section 29-2-40, Code of Alabama 1975, to provide further for membership of the committee.. Description: Relating to the Contract Review Permanent Legislative Oversight Committee; to amend Section 29-2-40, Code of Alabama 1975, to provide further for membership of the committee.
In 2023, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Relating to open records; to amend Section 36-12-41, Code of Alabama 1975, and add Sections 36-12-43 and 36-12-44 to the Code of Alabama 1975, to establish procedures for requesting and obtaining public records; and to make nonsubstantive, technical revisions to update the existing code language to current style.. Description: Relating to open records; to amend Section 36-12-41, Code of Alabama 1975, and add Sections 36-12-43 and 36-12-44 to the Code of Alabama 1975, to establish procedures for requesting and obtaining public records; and to make nonsubstantive, technical revisions to update the existing code language to current style.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to state agencies; to require state agencies to take certain measures to prevent fraud before paying benefits to recipients.. Description: Relating to state agencies; to require state agencies to take certain measures to prevent fraud before paying benefits to recipients.
In 2023, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: COMMITTEE APPOINTED TO NOTIFY GOVERNOR THAT THE LEGISLATURE IS IN SESSION.. Description: COMMITTEE APPOINTED TO NOTIFY GOVERNOR THAT THE LEGISLATURE IS IN SESSION.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to sentencing; to amend Sections 12-25-34.2, 13A-4-1, 13A-4-2, 13A-4-3, 13A-5-6, 15-18-8, and 15-22-54, Code of Alabama 1975, to add additional offenses that would be subject to the presumptive sentencing guidelines; to modify the criminal penalties for criminal solicitation, attempt, and criminal conspiracy; to give a judge discretion when sentencing a person convicted of a Class C or Class D felony offense; to make nonsubstantive, technical revisions to update the existing code language to current style; and in connection therewith would have as its purpose or effect the requirement of a new or increased expenditure of local funds within the meaning of Section 111.05 of the Constitution of Alabama of 2022.. Description: Relating to sentencing; to amend Sections 12-25-34.2, 13A-4-1, 13A-4-2, 13A-4-3, 13A-5-6, 15-18-8, and 15-22-54, Code of Alabama 1975, to add additional offenses that would be subject to the presumptive sentencing guidelines; to modify the criminal penalties for criminal solicitation, attempt, and criminal conspiracy; to give a judge discretion when sentencing a person convicted of a Class C or Class D felony offense; to make nonsubstantive, technical revisions to update the existing code language to current style; and in connection therewith would have as its purpose or effect the requirement of a new or increased expenditure of local funds within the meaning of Section 111.05 of the Constitution of Alabama of 2022.
In 2023, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Relating to crimes and offenses; to prohibit an individual from picketing or protesting in certain circumstances; to allow counties and municipalities to adopt ordinances or regulations regarding time and noise regulations in certain circumstances; to provide criminal penalties for violations; and in connection therewith would have as its purpose of effect the requirement of a new or increased expenditure of local funds within the meaning of Section 111.05 of the Constitution of Alabama of 2022.. Description: Relating to crimes and offenses; to prohibit an individual from picketing or protesting in certain circumstances; to allow counties and municipalities to adopt ordinances or regulations regarding time and noise regulations in certain circumstances; to provide criminal penalties for violations; and in connection therewith would have as its purpose of effect the requirement of a new or increased expenditure of local funds within the meaning of Section 111.05 of the Constitution of Alabama of 2022.
In 2023, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Relating to mandatory motor vehicle liability insurance; to amend Section 32-7A-5, Code of Alabama 1975, to provide an exception to allow an individual on active military duty, whose motor vehicle is registered in Alabama but who, as a result of his or her military assignment, is required to reside in another state, to satisfy the requirement for mandatory motor vehicle liability insurance by purchasing liability coverage in the state where residing on active military duty or assignment in an amount equal to or greater than the minimum amount required in Alabama.. Description: Relating to mandatory motor vehicle liability insurance; to amend Section 32-7A-5, Code of Alabama 1975, to provide an exception to allow an individual on active military duty, whose motor vehicle is registered in Alabama but who, as a result of his or her military assignment, is required to reside in another state, to satisfy the requirement for mandatory motor vehicle liability insurance by purchasing liability coverage in the state where residing on active military duty or assignment in an amount equal to or greater than the minimum amount required in Alabama.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: To adopt and incorporate into the Code of Alabama 1975, those general and permanent laws of the state enacted during the 2021 First Special Session, the 2021 Second Special Session, the 2022 First Special Session, and the 2022 Regular Session as contained in the 2022 Cumulative Supplements to certain volumes of the code and 2023 Replacement Volumes 13, 13A, and 13B; and to adopt and incorporate into the Code of Alabama 1975, the 2022 Cumulative Supplements to local law volumes; to make corrections in certain volumes of the cumulative supplements and replacement volumes; to specify that this adoption and incorporation constitute a continuous systematic codification of the entire Code of Alabama 1975, and that this act is a law that adopts a code; to declare that the Code Publisher has certified that it has discharged its duties regarding the replacement volumes; to expressly provide that this act does not affect any 2023 session statutes; and to specify the duties of the Secretary of State regarding the custody of the cumulative supplements and replacement volumes.. Description: To adopt and incorporate into the Code of Alabama 1975, those general and permanent laws of the state enacted during the 2021 First Special Session, the 2021 Second Special Session, the 2022 First Special Session, and the 2022 Regular Session as contained in the 2022 Cumulative Supplements to certain volumes of the code and 2023 Replacement Volumes 13, 13A, and 13B; and to adopt and incorporate into the Code of Alabama 1975, the 2022 Cumulative Supplements to local law volumes; to make corrections in certain volumes of the cumulative supplements and replacement volumes; to specify that this adoption and incorporation constitute a continuous systematic codification of the entire Code of Alabama 1975, and that this act is a law that adopts a code; to declare that the Code Publisher has certified that it has discharged its duties regarding the replacement volumes; to expressly provide that this act does not affect any 2023 session statutes; and to specify the duties of the Secretary of State regarding the custody of the cumulative supplements and replacement volumes.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to the Alabama Transportation Infrastructure Bank; to amend Sections 23-7-2 and 23-7-15, Code of Alabama 1975, to include additional entities, including tax increment districts, Alabama improvement districts, and cooperative improvement districts, as government units that may receive loans or financial assistance from the bank; to reduce the minimum project cost to be eligible for assistance from the bank; and to further provide for the bank's annual reporting requirements.. Description: Relating to the Alabama Transportation Infrastructure Bank; to amend Sections 23-7-2 and 23-7-15, Code of Alabama 1975, to include additional entities, including tax increment districts, Alabama improvement districts, and cooperative improvement districts, as government units that may receive loans or financial assistance from the bank; to reduce the minimum project cost to be eligible for assistance from the bank; and to further provide for the bank's annual reporting requirements.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to crimes and offenses; to create the Retail Theft Crime Prevention Act; to provide for the crime of retail theft in various degrees; to provide for the crime of organized retail theft; to provide criminal penalties for a violation. Description: Relating to crimes and offenses; to create the Retail Theft Crime Prevention Act; to provide for the crime of retail theft in various degrees; to provide for the crime of organized retail theft; to provide criminal penalties for a violation
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to taxation; to amend Section 40-18-140, Code of Alabama 1975, to provide an income tax refund check-off for a contribution to the State Parks Division of the Department of Conservation and Natural Resources, the Department of Mental Health, or the Alabama Medicaid Agency.. Description: Relating to taxation; to amend Section 40-18-140, Code of Alabama 1975, to provide an income tax refund check-off for a contribution to the State Parks Division of the Department of Conservation and Natural Resources, the Department of Mental Health, or the Alabama Medicaid Agency.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to Pike County; to establish an additional voting center in the county.. Description: Relating to Pike County; to establish an additional voting center in the county.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to the Alabama Bail Reform Act of 1993; to amend Sections 15-13-107, 15-13-111, 15-13-114, 15-13-118, 15-13-125, 15-13-128, 15-13-131, 15-13-132, 15-13-134, 15-13-136, 15-13-137, 15-13-138, 15-13-139, 15-13-140, 15-13-141, 15-13-145, 15-13-159, 15-13-160, and 15-13-164, Code of Alabama 1975, to provide for the acceptance of certain filing fees by the sheriff or jailer; to further define cash bail and property bail; to provide further for the arrest and delivery of a defendant to jail by a surety with no court costs to be entered on the surety; to provide that a surety not be charged for a bondsman's process or for a certified copy of a bond; to require the license number of the bondsman or recovery on a bondsman's process form; to allow a surety to sign for a forfeiture with the clerk of the ordering court; to increase the time frame for which the ordering court has jurisdiction over a forfeiture action; to authorize a bail bondsman to file motions, answers, and notices relating to a defendant who is out on bond with that bondsman; to increase the time frames for providing notice and conducting hearings in conditional forfeiture proceedings; to remove the requirement that a conditional judgment to set aside be made absolute for the entire sum; to provide further for instances when a court may set aside forfeiture and may not release a defendant on judicial public bail; to provide further for eligibility for judicial public bail; to provide further for the amount of new corporate surety bonds and escrow agreements required in counties with populations of 200,000 or more; to provide further for criminal penalties for certain unlawful behavior; to make nonsubstantive, technical revisions to update the existing code language to current style; and in connection therewith would have as its purpose or effect the requirement of a new or increased expenditure of local funds within the meaning of Section 111.05 of the Constitution of Alabama of 2022.. Description: Relating to the Alabama Bail Reform Act of 1993; to amend Sections 15-13-107, 15-13-111, 15-13-114, 15-13-118, 15-13-125, 15-13-128, 15-13-131, 15-13-132, 15-13-134, 15-13-136, 15-13-137, 15-13-138, 15-13-139, 15-13-140, 15-13-141, 15-13-145, 15-13-159, 15-13-160, and 15-13-164, Code of Alabama 1975, to provide for the acceptance of certain filing fees by the sheriff or jailer; to further define cash bail and property bail; to provide further for the arrest and delivery of a defendant to jail by a surety with no court costs to be entered on the surety; to provide that a surety not be charged for a bondsman's process or for a certified copy of a bond; to require the license number of the bondsman or recovery on a bondsman's process form; to allow a surety to sign for a forfeiture with the clerk of the ordering court; to increase the time frame for which the ordering court has jurisdiction over a forfeiture action; to authorize a bail bondsman to file motions, answers, and notices relating to a defendant who is out on bond with that bondsman; to increase the time frames for providing notice and conducting hearings in conditional forfeiture proceedings; to remove the requirement that a conditional judgment to set aside be made absolute for the entire sum; to provide further for instances when a court may set aside forfeiture and may not release a defendant on judicial public bail; to provide further for eligibility for judicial public bail; to provide further for the amount of new corporate surety bonds and escrow agreements required in counties with populations of 200,000 or more; to provide further for criminal penalties for certain unlawful behavior; to make nonsubstantive, technical revisions to update the existing code language to current style; and in connection therewith would have as its purpose or effect the requirement of a new or increased expenditure of local funds within the meaning of Section 111.05 of the Constitution of Alabama of 2022.
In 2023, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Relating to motor vehicles; to amend Section 32-6-65, Code of Alabama 1975; to define "centralized motor vehicle registration"; to allow for certain data collection; and to make nonsubstantive, technical revisions to update the existing code language to current style.. Description: Relating to motor vehicles; to amend Section 32-6-65, Code of Alabama 1975; to define "centralized motor vehicle registration"; to allow for certain data collection; and to make nonsubstantive, technical revisions to update the existing code language to current style.
In 2023, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Relating to building codes; to create the Healthier Homes Construction Practices Act; to authorize counties and municipalities to adopt procedures for the installation and activation of temporary-permanent electricity or temporary-permanent gas under certain conditions; and to provide certain requirements for the activation.. Description: Relating to building codes; to create the Healthier Homes Construction Practices Act; to authorize counties and municipalities to adopt procedures for the installation and activation of temporary-permanent electricity or temporary-permanent gas under certain conditions; and to provide certain requirements for the activation.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDAR. Description: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDAR
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to the State Board of Genetic Counseling; to amend Sections 34-13A-3 and 34-13A-10, Code of Alabama 1975, to authorize the board to conduct regular meetings by electronic means; and to authorize the board to make grants to develop training and continuing education programs for genetic counselors.. Description: Relating to the State Board of Genetic Counseling; to amend Sections 34-13A-3 and 34-13A-10, Code of Alabama 1975, to authorize the board to conduct regular meetings by electronic means; and to authorize the board to make grants to develop training and continuing education programs for genetic counselors.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to the Legislature; to amend Section 29-1-4, 29-2-41, 29-2-41.2, 29-2-80, 29-2-81, 29-2-83, 29-2-201, 29-4-70, 29-5A-22, 29-5A-46, 29-6-1, 29-6-2, 29-6-3, 29-6-7, 41-5A-16, 41-9-370, and 41-9-374, Code of Alabama 1975, to provide further for the date the Legislature convenes during the first year of a regular session; to provide additional time for the Contract Review Committee to review a contract and provide further for certain types of professional contracts; to provide further for property owned by the Legislative Council; to provide contingencies if a vacancy occurs in the Office of the Lieutenant Governor; to provide further for the role of the Code Commissioner and duties of the Legislative Council and Legislative Services Agency; to revise membership of the Joint Legislative Committee on Finances and Budgets; to provide further for tax expenditure reports made by the Legislative Fiscal Officer; to revise when members of the Legislative Committee on Public Accounts are elected; to repeal 29-5A-24 and 29-6-6, Code of Alabama 1975, relating to obsolete duties of the Legislative Reference Service and the Legislative Council; to repeal Sections 17-16-50 through 17-16-53, Code of Alabama 1975, relating to the contested election of a legislator; and to delete obsolete language and make nonsubstantive, technical revisions to update the existing code language to current style.. Description: Relating to the Legislature; to amend Section 29-1-4, 29-2-41, 29-2-41.2, 29-2-80, 29-2-81, 29-2-83, 29-2-201, 29-4-70, 29-5A-22, 29-5A-46, 29-6-1, 29-6-2, 29-6-3, 29-6-7, 41-5A-16, 41-9-370, and 41-9-374, Code of Alabama 1975, to provide further for the date the Legislature convenes during the first year of a regular session; to provide additional time for the Contract Review Committee to review a contract and provide further for certain types of professional contracts; to provide further for property owned by the Legislative Council; to provide contingencies if a vacancy occurs in the Office of the Lieutenant Governor; to provide further for the role of the Code Commissioner and duties of the Legislative Council and Legislative Services Agency; to revise membership of the Joint Legislative Committee on Finances and Budgets; to provide further for tax expenditure reports made by the Legislative Fiscal Officer; to revise when members of the Legislative Committee on Public Accounts are elected; to repeal 29-5A-24 and 29-6-6, Code of Alabama 1975, relating to obsolete duties of the Legislative Reference Service and the Legislative Council; to repeal Sections 17-16-50 through 17-16-53, Code of Alabama 1975, relating to the contested election of a legislator; and to delete obsolete language and make nonsubstantive, technical revisions to update the existing code language to current style.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to criminal procedure; to amend Section 15-25-39, Code of Alabama 1975, to further provide for the definitions of the Child Physical and Sexual Abuse Victim Protection Act.. Description: Relating to criminal procedure; to amend Section 15-25-39, Code of Alabama 1975, to further provide for the definitions of the Child Physical and Sexual Abuse Victim Protection Act.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to crimes and offenses; to amend Section 13A-6-111, Code of Alabama 1975, to provide for the age of a child for the crime of transmitting obscene material to a child by computer; to amend Section 13A-6-240, Code of Alabama 1975, to establish jurisdiction for a violation of distributing a private image; to amend Section 13A-13-3, Code of Alabama 1975, to further provide for the crime of incest; and in connection therewith would have as its purpose or effect the requirement of a new or increased expenditure of local funds within the meaning of Section 111.05 of the Constitution of Alabama of 2022.. Description: Relating to crimes and offenses; to amend Section 13A-6-111, Code of Alabama 1975, to provide for the age of a child for the crime of transmitting obscene material to a child by computer; to amend Section 13A-6-240, Code of Alabama 1975, to establish jurisdiction for a violation of distributing a private image; to amend Section 13A-13-3, Code of Alabama 1975, to further provide for the crime of incest; and in connection therewith would have as its purpose or effect the requirement of a new or increased expenditure of local funds within the meaning of Section 111.05 of the Constitution of Alabama of 2022.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to the Department of Corrections; to allow a Department of Corrections law enforcement officer to assist any law enforcement agency with public safety.. Description: Relating to the Department of Corrections; to allow a Department of Corrections law enforcement officer to assist any law enforcement agency with public safety.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to residential real estate transactions; to require buyers to make certain disclosures to homeowners and other interested parties that the buyer intends to engage aspects of a wholesale transaction; and to deem unenforceable certain unfair service agreements purporting to establish a long-term right to list between real estate companies and residential real estate owners; and in connection therewith would have as its purpose or effect the requirement of a new or increased expenditure of local funds within the meaning of Section 111.05 of the Constitution of Alabama of 2022.. Description: Relating to residential real estate transactions; to require buyers to make certain disclosures to homeowners and other interested parties that the buyer intends to engage aspects of a wholesale transaction; and to deem unenforceable certain unfair service agreements purporting to establish a long-term right to list between real estate companies and residential real estate owners; and in connection therewith would have as its purpose or effect the requirement of a new or increased expenditure of local funds within the meaning of Section 111.05 of the Constitution of Alabama of 2022.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to the Joint Transportation Committee; to amend Sections 29-2-3 and 29-2-4, Code of Alabama 1975, to revise the process for electing the chair and vice-chair and provide further for the duties of the committee.. Description: Relating to the Joint Transportation Committee; to amend Sections 29-2-3 and 29-2-4, Code of Alabama 1975, to revise the process for electing the chair and vice-chair and provide further for the duties of the committee.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to licensure of health care professionals; to exempt certain individuals from state licensure, registration, and certification requirements while they are visiting Alabama to render certain services during the 2025 World Police and Fire Games to be held in Birmingham and other locations; to provide for consent for certain medical services; and to provide for repeal of this bill on December 31, 2025.. Description: Relating to licensure of health care professionals; to exempt certain individuals from state licensure, registration, and certification requirements while they are visiting Alabama to render certain services during the 2025 World Police and Fire Games to be held in Birmingham and other locations; to provide for consent for certain medical services; and to provide for repeal of this bill on December 31, 2025.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: R Honoring AAR's 100th Anniversary. Description: R Honoring AAR's 100th Anniversary
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to Opioid Addiction Treatment; to repeal the Medication Assisted Treatment of Opioid Use Act of 2019, codified as Sections 20-2-300 through 20-2-302, Code of Alabama 1975, that provide for adoption of rules governing use of buprenorphine in the treatment of opioid addiction and a standing working group to assist in drafting the rules.. Description: Relating to Opioid Addiction Treatment; to repeal the Medication Assisted Treatment of Opioid Use Act of 2019, codified as Sections 20-2-300 through 20-2-302, Code of Alabama 1975, that provide for adoption of rules governing use of buprenorphine in the treatment of opioid addiction and a standing working group to assist in drafting the rules.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to Hale County; to amend Section 11 of Act 83-696 of the 1983 Regular Session (Acts 1983, p. 1136); to repeal Section 12 of Act 83-696 of the 1983 Regular Session (Acts 1983, p. 1136); to make effective the establishment of a consolidated and unified system of assessment and collection of taxes under the supervision of a county revenue commissioner as provided for by Act 83-696 of the 1983 Regular Session (Acts 1983, p. 1136), now appearing as Subpart 2, Article 2, Chapter 33 of Title 45, Code of Alabama 1975.. Description: Relating to Hale County; to amend Section 11 of Act 83-696 of the 1983 Regular Session (Acts 1983, p. 1136); to repeal Section 12 of Act 83-696 of the 1983 Regular Session (Acts 1983, p. 1136); to make effective the establishment of a consolidated and unified system of assessment and collection of taxes under the supervision of a county revenue commissioner as provided for by Act 83-696 of the 1983 Regular Session (Acts 1983, p. 1136), now appearing as Subpart 2, Article 2, Chapter 33 of Title 45, Code of Alabama 1975.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to design professionals; to add Section 41-9A-3.1 to the Code of Alabama 1975, to require an agreement with a design professional who does not have professional liability insurance coverage to disclose that fact in writing to the client, who shall sign and notarize the disclosure.. Description: Relating to design professionals; to add Section 41-9A-3.1 to the Code of Alabama 1975, to require an agreement with a design professional who does not have professional liability insurance coverage to disclose that fact in writing to the client, who shall sign and notarize the disclosure.
In 2023, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Relating to the Alabama Business and Nonprofit Entity Code; to add Chapter 3A to Title 10A, Code of Alabama 1975, by revising the Alabama Nonprofit Corporation Law to reflect the national standards set by the Model Nonprofit Corporation Act of 2021 and the Delaware General Corporation Law; and to make conforming changes throughout the Alabama Business and Nonprofit Entity Code in order to effectuate the changes to the Alabama Nonprofit Corporation Law and conform with the other entities governed by the Alabama Business and Nonprofit Entity Code by amending Sections 10A-1-1.03, 10A-1-1.08, 10A-1-3.32, 10A-1-8.01, 10A-1-8.02, 10A-1-9.01, 10A-2A-1.40, 10A-2A-1.43, 10A-2A-1.51, 10A-2A-2.02, 10A-2A-2.06, 10A-2A-7.04, 10A-2A-7.20, 10A-2A-7.32, 10A-2A-8.10, 10A-2A-8.21, 10A-2A-8.22, 10A-2A-8.24, 10A-2A-10.06, 10A-2A-10.07, 10A-2A-10.08, 10A-2A-11.02, 10A-2A-11.06, 10A-2A-12.02, and 10A-2A-14.13, Code of Alabama 1975; adding Sections 10A-2A-10.00 and 10A-2A-10.10 to the Code of Alabama 1975; and amending Sections 10A-5A-2.03, 10A-5A-10.07, 10A-8A-9.08, 10A-9A-2.02, and 10A-9A-10.08, Code of Alabama 1975.. Description: Relating to the Alabama Business and Nonprofit Entity Code; to add Chapter 3A to Title 10A, Code of Alabama 1975, by revising the Alabama Nonprofit Corporation Law to reflect the national standards set by the Model Nonprofit Corporation Act of 2021 and the Delaware General Corporation Law; and to make conforming changes throughout the Alabama Business and Nonprofit Entity Code in order to effectuate the changes to the Alabama Nonprofit Corporation Law and conform with the other entities governed by the Alabama Business and Nonprofit Entity Code by amending Sections 10A-1-1.03, 10A-1-1.08, 10A-1-3.32, 10A-1-8.01, 10A-1-8.02, 10A-1-9.01, 10A-2A-1.40, 10A-2A-1.43, 10A-2A-1.51, 10A-2A-2.02, 10A-2A-2.06, 10A-2A-7.04, 10A-2A-7.20, 10A-2A-7.32, 10A-2A-8.10, 10A-2A-8.21, 10A-2A-8.22, 10A-2A-8.24, 10A-2A-10.06, 10A-2A-10.07, 10A-2A-10.08, 10A-2A-11.02, 10A-2A-11.06, 10A-2A-12.02, and 10A-2A-14.13, Code of Alabama 1975; adding Sections 10A-2A-10.00 and 10A-2A-10.10 to the Code of Alabama 1975; and amending Sections 10A-5A-2.03, 10A-5A-10.07, 10A-8A-9.08, 10A-9A-2.02, and 10A-9A-10.08, Code of Alabama 1975.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to any county where an agricultural authority has been incorporated pursuant to Article 3 of Chapter 20, Title 11, Code of Alabama 1975; to provide, under certain conditions, for a portion of Tennessee Valley Authority in-lieu-of-taxes payments distributed to the county pursuant to Section 40-28-2, Code of Alabama 1975, to be distributed to the agricultural authority in the county to be used for the purposes of the authority.. Description: Relating to any county where an agricultural authority has been incorporated pursuant to Article 3 of Chapter 20, Title 11, Code of Alabama 1975; to provide, under certain conditions, for a portion of Tennessee Valley Authority in-lieu-of-taxes payments distributed to the county pursuant to Section 40-28-2, Code of Alabama 1975, to be distributed to the agricultural authority in the county to be used for the purposes of the authority.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to water utilities; to amend Act 2022-378 of the 2022 Regular Session, now appearing as Section 41-5A-12.2 of the Code of Alabama 1975, relating to certain nonprofit corporations providing water service and providing a one-time audit by the Department of Examiners of Public Accounts, to specify that the law applies to nonprofit corporations providing water service to its members or the public; and to authorize the department to conduct an additional one-time audit of a nonprofit corporation if the department suspects fraud or mismanagement of funds.. Description: Relating to water utilities; to amend Act 2022-378 of the 2022 Regular Session, now appearing as Section 41-5A-12.2 of the Code of Alabama 1975, relating to certain nonprofit corporations providing water service and providing a one-time audit by the Department of Examiners of Public Accounts, to specify that the law applies to nonprofit corporations providing water service to its members or the public; and to authorize the department to conduct an additional one-time audit of a nonprofit corporation if the department suspects fraud or mismanagement of funds.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to Cherokee County; to authorize the Cherokee County Commission to levy and provide for the collection of an additional vehicle license and registration fee on each vehicle license and registration, transfer, or renewal of any vehicle in the county; and to provide for distribution of the proceeds from the fees to the sheriff and the district attorney.. Description: Relating to Cherokee County; to authorize the Cherokee County Commission to levy and provide for the collection of an additional vehicle license and registration fee on each vehicle license and registration, transfer, or renewal of any vehicle in the county; and to provide for distribution of the proceeds from the fees to the sheriff and the district attorney.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to public contracts; to prohibit governmental entities from entering into certain contracts with companies that boycott businesses because the business engages in certain sectors or does not meet certain environmental or corporate governance standards or does not facilitate certain activities; to provide that no company in the state shall be required by a governmental entity, nor penalized by a governmental entity for declining to engage in economic boycotts or other actions that further social, political, or ideological interests; to require the Attorney General to take actions to prevent federal laws or actions from penalizing, inflicting harm on, limiting commercial relations with, or changing or limiting the activities of companies or residents of the state based on the furtherance of economic boycott criteria; and to authorize the Attorney General to investigate and enforce this act; and to provide definitions.. Description: Relating to public contracts; to prohibit governmental entities from entering into certain contracts with companies that boycott businesses because the business engages in certain sectors or does not meet certain environmental or corporate governance standards or does not facilitate certain activities; to provide that no company in the state shall be required by a governmental entity, nor penalized by a governmental entity for declining to engage in economic boycotts or other actions that further social, political, or ideological interests; to require the Attorney General to take actions to prevent federal laws or actions from penalizing, inflicting harm on, limiting commercial relations with, or changing or limiting the activities of companies or residents of the state based on the furtherance of economic boycott criteria; and to authorize the Attorney General to investigate and enforce this act; and to provide definitions.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: To make an appropriation of $13,651,435 from the Education Trust Fund to Tuskegee University in Tuskegee, Alabama, for the support and maintenance of the educational program of the institution, for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2024; to provide that the appropriation is subject to certain provisions of the Code of Alabama 1975; to require an operations plan and an audited financial statement prior to the release of any funds; and to require an end of year report.. Description: To make an appropriation of $13,651,435 from the Education Trust Fund to Tuskegee University in Tuskegee, Alabama, for the support and maintenance of the educational program of the institution, for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2024; to provide that the appropriation is subject to certain provisions of the Code of Alabama 1975; to require an operations plan and an audited financial statement prior to the release of any funds; and to require an end of year report.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to the Alabama Accountability Act of 2013; to amend Sections 16-6D-3, 16-6D-4, 16-6D-6, 16-6D-8, and 16-6D-9, Code of Alabama 1975; to change the terms failing school and nonfailing school to priority school and qualifying school, respectively; to revise and add definitions; to expand scholarships for eligible students attending nonfailing or qualifying schools; to revise the poverty threshold for determining the qualifications of an eligible student; to provide for the qualifying expenses of eligible students with unique needs; to revise the method of determining the amount of educational scholarship awards; to increase the maximum cumulative amount of tax credits that may be issued each year; to require a scholarship granting organization to maintain a reserve balance and to verify the qualifications of an eligible student with unique needs; and to authorize the Department of Revenue to bar qualifying schools or educational service providers from participating in the program under certain circumstances.. Description: Relating to the Alabama Accountability Act of 2013; to amend Sections 16-6D-3, 16-6D-4, 16-6D-6, 16-6D-8, and 16-6D-9, Code of Alabama 1975; to change the terms failing school and nonfailing school to priority school and qualifying school, respectively; to revise and add definitions; to expand scholarships for eligible students attending nonfailing or qualifying schools; to revise the poverty threshold for determining the qualifications of an eligible student; to provide for the qualifying expenses of eligible students with unique needs; to revise the method of determining the amount of educational scholarship awards; to increase the maximum cumulative amount of tax credits that may be issued each year; to require a scholarship granting organization to maintain a reserve balance and to verify the qualifications of an eligible student with unique needs; and to authorize the Department of Revenue to bar qualifying schools or educational service providers from participating in the program under certain circumstances.
In 2023, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Relating to driver licenses; to amend Section 32-6-10.1, Code of Alabama 1975, to reduce the minimum time period certain Alabama licenses may be issued to a foreign national; and to make nonsubstantive, technical revisions to update the existing code language to current style.. Description: Relating to driver licenses; to amend Section 32-6-10.1, Code of Alabama 1975, to reduce the minimum time period certain Alabama licenses may be issued to a foreign national; and to make nonsubstantive, technical revisions to update the existing code language to current style.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to athletic trainers; to create the Athletic Trainer Secondary School Incentive Program; to provide grants to local boards of education that meet certain requirements related to the use of athletic trainers in rural, 1A, 2A, 3A, and Title I secondary schools; to authorize the Alabama Board of Athletic Trainers to adopt rules to administer the incentive program and the grant application process; to require grants issued from the incentive program to be provided as stipends to qualifying athletic trainers; and to limit each secondary school and athletic trainer to one grant per school year.. Description: Relating to athletic trainers; to create the Athletic Trainer Secondary School Incentive Program; to provide grants to local boards of education that meet certain requirements related to the use of athletic trainers in rural, 1A, 2A, 3A, and Title I secondary schools; to authorize the Alabama Board of Athletic Trainers to adopt rules to administer the incentive program and the grant application process; to require grants issued from the incentive program to be provided as stipends to qualifying athletic trainers; and to limit each secondary school and athletic trainer to one grant per school year.
In 2023, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Relating to environmental covenants; to amend Section 35-19-2, Code of Alabama 1975, to provide that work regarding aboveground storage tanks registered for eligibility under the Alabama Underground and Aboveground Storage Tank Trust Fund does not constitute an environmental response project for environmental covenant purposes.. Description: Relating to environmental covenants; to amend Section 35-19-2, Code of Alabama 1975, to provide that work regarding aboveground storage tanks registered for eligibility under the Alabama Underground and Aboveground Storage Tank Trust Fund does not constitute an environmental response project for environmental covenant purposes.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to education; to establish the K-12 Capital Grant Program within the Office of the Lieutenant Governor to provide grants to local schools to assist with capital project, deferred maintenance, or technology needs; to provide the purposes for which grant funds can be used; to establish the process for grant applications and approvals; to establish the K-12 Capital Grant Program Fund in the State Treasury; and to provide an effective date.. Description: Relating to education; to establish the K-12 Capital Grant Program within the Office of the Lieutenant Governor to provide grants to local schools to assist with capital project, deferred maintenance, or technology needs; to provide the purposes for which grant funds can be used; to establish the process for grant applications and approvals; to establish the K-12 Capital Grant Program Fund in the State Treasury; and to provide an effective date.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: To alter, rearrange, and extend the boundary lines and corporate limits of the municipality of Spanish Fort in Baldwin County.. Description: To alter, rearrange, and extend the boundary lines and corporate limits of the municipality of Spanish Fort in Baldwin County.
In 2023, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Relating to residential real estate; to provide prohibition on the installation of centralized mail delivery devices by residential real estate developers in certain new residential neighborhoods, with exceptions.. Description: Relating to residential real estate; to provide prohibition on the installation of centralized mail delivery devices by residential real estate developers in certain new residential neighborhoods, with exceptions.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to Madison County; to repeal Act 466 of the 1939 Regular Session and Act 435 of the 1978 Regular Session relating to the County Board of Barber Examiners; to abolish the County Board of Barber Examiners; and to provide that the practice of barbering in Madison County be regulated by the Alabama Board of Cosmetology and Barbering.. Description: Relating to Madison County; to repeal Act 466 of the 1939 Regular Session and Act 435 of the 1978 Regular Session relating to the County Board of Barber Examiners; to abolish the County Board of Barber Examiners; and to provide that the practice of barbering in Madison County be regulated by the Alabama Board of Cosmetology and Barbering.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to education; to create the Distressed Institutions of Higher Education Revolving Loan Program to be administered by the State Treasurer; to define "eligible institutions"; to authorize the State Treasurer to establish terms and conditions of loans; to require reporting of contract terms and on the operation of the program; to establish the Distressed Institutions of Higher Education Loan Program Fund in the State Treasury to receive appropriations from the Legislature for funding loans and loan repayments; and to provide for recovery of amounts due.. Description: Relating to education; to create the Distressed Institutions of Higher Education Revolving Loan Program to be administered by the State Treasurer; to define "eligible institutions"; to authorize the State Treasurer to establish terms and conditions of loans; to require reporting of contract terms and on the operation of the program; to establish the Distressed Institutions of Higher Education Loan Program Fund in the State Treasury to receive appropriations from the Legislature for funding loans and loan repayments; and to provide for recovery of amounts due.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to elected county superintendents of education; to remove the requirement that the salary of the superintendent be set before the beginning of the term of office; and to provide for a retroactive effective date.. Description: Relating to elected county superintendents of education; to remove the requirement that the salary of the superintendent be set before the beginning of the term of office; and to provide for a retroactive effective date.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to the Secretary of State; to amend Section 36-14-6, Code of Alabama 1975, to provide for a reduction of the number of bound sets of legislative acts and codes required to be retained by the Secretary of State.. Description: Relating to the Secretary of State; to amend Section 36-14-6, Code of Alabama 1975, to provide for a reduction of the number of bound sets of legislative acts and codes required to be retained by the Secretary of State.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to Motor Vehicle Registrations and to the USS Alabama Battleship Commission; to amend Section 32-6-55, Code of Alabama 1975; to allow former and current chairs of the USS Alabama Battleship Commission to use the USS Alabama Battleship Commission distinctive license tag; to require that the commission annually certify to the Department of Revenue a list of those individuals eligible for the distinctive license tag.. Description: Relating to Motor Vehicle Registrations and to the USS Alabama Battleship Commission; to amend Section 32-6-55, Code of Alabama 1975; to allow former and current chairs of the USS Alabama Battleship Commission to use the USS Alabama Battleship Commission distinctive license tag; to require that the commission annually certify to the Department of Revenue a list of those individuals eligible for the distinctive license tag.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to dam safety; to provide for the inspection of certain dams and reservoirs by an engineer; to require certain dam owners to develop emergency action plans; and to require these dam owners to notify their local emergency management agency of any new dam construction or enlargement.. Description: Relating to dam safety; to provide for the inspection of certain dams and reservoirs by an engineer; to require certain dam owners to develop emergency action plans; and to require these dam owners to notify their local emergency management agency of any new dam construction or enlargement.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to wine and mead; to amend Section 28-3A-20.4, Code of Alabama 1975, to provide that a nonprofit organization may be issued a license to host a wine festival; to further provide for the application process and conditions of licensure to host or participate in a wine festival; and to further provide for the collection and remittance of taxes due on the sale of wine at a wine festival; to amend Section 28-6A-2, Code of Alabama 1975, to further provide for wine manufacturer licensees located in dry counties by allowing such manufacturers to transport and sell wine to retailers under certain limits and to specify that such licensees may host or participate in wine festivals; to amend Section 28-7-10.1, Code of Alabama 1975, to further provide for small farm wineries by permitting such wineries to produce mead; and to amend Section 28-7-16, Code of Alabama 1975, to further provide for the excise tax rate for mead.. Description: Relating to wine and mead; to amend Section 28-3A-20.4, Code of Alabama 1975, to provide that a nonprofit organization may be issued a license to host a wine festival; to further provide for the application process and conditions of licensure to host or participate in a wine festival; and to further provide for the collection and remittance of taxes due on the sale of wine at a wine festival; to amend Section 28-6A-2, Code of Alabama 1975, to further provide for wine manufacturer licensees located in dry counties by allowing such manufacturers to transport and sell wine to retailers under certain limits and to specify that such licensees may host or participate in wine festivals; to amend Section 28-7-10.1, Code of Alabama 1975, to further provide for small farm wineries by permitting such wineries to produce mead; and to amend Section 28-7-16, Code of Alabama 1975, to further provide for the excise tax rate for mead.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to Macon County; to amend Section 45-44-90 of the Code of Alabama 1975, establishing the Macon County Economic Development Authority, to further provide for the operation of the authority; and to authorize the formation of a successor authority under certain conditions.. Description: Relating to Macon County; to amend Section 45-44-90 of the Code of Alabama 1975, establishing the Macon County Economic Development Authority, to further provide for the operation of the authority; and to authorize the formation of a successor authority under certain conditions.
In 2023, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Relating to Mobile County; to provide for the qualifications of the sheriff; and to require completion of continuing education.. Description: Relating to Mobile County; to provide for the qualifications of the sheriff; and to require completion of continuing education.
In 2023, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Relating to Mobile County; to provide further for the sheriff's compensation by an annual expense allowance to expire at the end of the current term of office; to add an amount equal to the temporary expense allowance to the sheriff's annual salary commencing with the next term of office.. Description: Relating to Mobile County; to provide further for the sheriff's compensation by an annual expense allowance to expire at the end of the current term of office; to add an amount equal to the temporary expense allowance to the sheriff's annual salary commencing with the next term of office.
In 2023, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Relating to political action committees; to amend Section 17-5-15, Code of Alabama 1975, to permit PACs to make contributions to political parties in certain circumstances.. Description: Relating to political action committees; to amend Section 17-5-15, Code of Alabama 1975, to permit PACs to make contributions to political parties in certain circumstances.
In 2023, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Relating to public works contracts; to amend Sections 39-1-1, 39-2-1, 39-2-2, and 39-2-6, Code of Alabama 1975, to increase the threshold dollar amount for which competitive bidding is generally required; to further provide for certain notice procedures; to authorize the publication of notice by electronic means; to authorize the use of electronic sealed bids; to authorize certain statutory dollar amounts to be increased based on increases in the Consumer Price Index; and in connection therewith would have as its purpose or effect the requirement of a new or increased expenditure of local funds within the meaning of Section 111.05 of the Constitution of Alabama of 2022.. Description: Relating to public works contracts; to amend Sections 39-1-1, 39-2-1, 39-2-2, and 39-2-6, Code of Alabama 1975, to increase the threshold dollar amount for which competitive bidding is generally required; to further provide for certain notice procedures; to authorize the publication of notice by electronic means; to authorize the use of electronic sealed bids; to authorize certain statutory dollar amounts to be increased based on increases in the Consumer Price Index; and in connection therewith would have as its purpose or effect the requirement of a new or increased expenditure of local funds within the meaning of Section 111.05 of the Constitution of Alabama of 2022.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to public contracts; to amend Section 41-16-51, Code of Alabama 1975, to further provide for contracts for which competitive bidding is not required; and in connection therewith would have as its purpose or effect the requirement of a new or increased expenditure of local funds within the meaning of Section 111.05 of the Constitution of Alabama of 2022.. Description: Relating to public contracts; to amend Section 41-16-51, Code of Alabama 1975, to further provide for contracts for which competitive bidding is not required; and in connection therewith would have as its purpose or effect the requirement of a new or increased expenditure of local funds within the meaning of Section 111.05 of the Constitution of Alabama of 2022.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to taxation and revenue; to provide for the Department of Revenue to grant certificates of exemption from sales and use taxes to contractors and subcontractors licensed by the State Licensing Board for General Contractors for the purchase of building materials and construction materials to be used in the construction of a building or other project for an entity statutorily exempt from paying sales and use taxes; and to provide for accounting for purchases and enforcement for violations.. Description: Relating to taxation and revenue; to provide for the Department of Revenue to grant certificates of exemption from sales and use taxes to contractors and subcontractors licensed by the State Licensing Board for General Contractors for the purchase of building materials and construction materials to be used in the construction of a building or other project for an entity statutorily exempt from paying sales and use taxes; and to provide for accounting for purchases and enforcement for violations.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Regarding non-merit system state employees; to amend Section 36-26-10, Code of Alabama 1975, to further provide for the number of exempt service employees allowable in each department or agency.. Description: Regarding non-merit system state employees; to amend Section 36-26-10, Code of Alabama 1975, to further provide for the number of exempt service employees allowable in each department or agency.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Proposing an amendment to the Constitution of Alabama of 2022, relating to Geneva. Description: Proposing an amendment to the Constitution of Alabama of 2022, relating to Geneva
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: To amend Section 2 of Act 634 of the 1951 Regular Session (Acts 1951, p. 1089), as amended by Act 630 of the 1967 Regular Session (Acts 1967, p. 1435), relating to zoning regulations of the county commission in the unincorporated area of the county in all counties having a population of 400,000 or more according to the 1940 or any succeeding Federal census; and to further provide the remedies and penalties for violations.. Description: To amend Section 2 of Act 634 of the 1951 Regular Session (Acts 1951, p. 1089), as amended by Act 630 of the 1967 Regular Session (Acts 1967, p. 1435), relating to zoning regulations of the county commission in the unincorporated area of the county in all counties having a population of 400,000 or more according to the 1940 or any succeeding Federal census; and to further provide the remedies and penalties for violations.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to Hale County; to provide for additional minimum qualifications for individuals elected or appointed to the office of sheriff, that the individual is a U.S. citizen, has been a resident and registered voter of Hale County for one year prior to qualifying or being appointed, is a high school graduate or the equivalent, is the age of 25 or older, has three years or more of law enforcement service, has never been convicted of a felony; and to require completion of continuing education.. Description: Relating to Hale County; to provide for additional minimum qualifications for individuals elected or appointed to the office of sheriff, that the individual is a U.S. citizen, has been a resident and registered voter of Hale County for one year prior to qualifying or being appointed, is a high school graduate or the equivalent, is the age of 25 or older, has three years or more of law enforcement service, has never been convicted of a felony; and to require completion of continuing education.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to outdoor recreation; to provide for the development of a strategic trail network; to provide for grants for qualified donations of donated property; to create the Sweet Trails Alabama Project Fund and the Sweet Trails Alabama Acquisition Fund and provide for the use of monies in the funds; and to further provide for the liability of property owners for recreational use of certain property and abutting property.. Description: Relating to outdoor recreation; to provide for the development of a strategic trail network; to provide for grants for qualified donations of donated property; to create the Sweet Trails Alabama Project Fund and the Sweet Trails Alabama Acquisition Fund and provide for the use of monies in the funds; and to further provide for the liability of property owners for recreational use of certain property and abutting property.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to the Coal Production Tax Credit; to amend Section 40-18-220, Code of Alabama 1975, to allow the credit to be claimed against both income and utility services taxes; to allow the credits to be earned by all persons that increase their production of coal mined in Alabama from the prior year; to allow any unused credits to be carried forward for no more than five years;. Description: Relating to the Coal Production Tax Credit; to amend Section 40-18-220, Code of Alabama 1975, to allow the credit to be claimed against both income and utility services taxes; to allow the credits to be earned by all persons that increase their production of coal mined in Alabama from the prior year; to allow any unused credits to be carried forward for no more than five years;
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: To create the School Principal Leadership and Mentoring Act and the Alabama Principal Leadership Development System for public K-12 education; to provide for the creation and implementation of a mentoring program for new principals and a continuing professional learning program for principals and assistant principals; and to provide annual stipends for each principal and assistant principal who satisfactorily completes the program.. Description: To create the School Principal Leadership and Mentoring Act and the Alabama Principal Leadership Development System for public K-12 education; to provide for the creation and implementation of a mentoring program for new principals and a continuing professional learning program for principals and assistant principals; and to provide annual stipends for each principal and assistant principal who satisfactorily completes the program.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to motor vehicles; to add Section 32-5A-350.1 to the Code of Alabama 1975, to further provide for the prohibition against using a wireless telecommunications device while operating a motor vehicle; to further provide for the prohibition; to further provide exceptions; to further provide criminal penalties for a violation; to provide a warning period for a violation; to amend Section 32-5A-351, Code of Alabama 1975, to further provide for the assessment of administrative penalties; to repeal Section 32-5A-350, Code of Alabama 1975; and in connection therewith would have as its purpose or effect the requirement of a new or increased expenditure of local funds within the meaning of Section 111.05 of the Constitution of Alabama of 2022.. Description: Relating to motor vehicles; to add Section 32-5A-350.1 to the Code of Alabama 1975, to further provide for the prohibition against using a wireless telecommunications device while operating a motor vehicle; to further provide for the prohibition; to further provide exceptions; to further provide criminal penalties for a violation; to provide a warning period for a violation; to amend Section 32-5A-351, Code of Alabama 1975, to further provide for the assessment of administrative penalties; to repeal Section 32-5A-350, Code of Alabama 1975; and in connection therewith would have as its purpose or effect the requirement of a new or increased expenditure of local funds within the meaning of Section 111.05 of the Constitution of Alabama of 2022.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to Jefferson County; to amend Section 45-37-90.03 of the Code of Alabama 1975, as last amended by Act 2015-213, establishing the Birmingham-Jefferson Civic Center Authority, to provide for two additional members on the board of directors and to further provide for vacancies on the board of directors under certain conditions.. Description: Relating to Jefferson County; to amend Section 45-37-90.03 of the Code of Alabama 1975, as last amended by Act 2015-213, establishing the Birmingham-Jefferson Civic Center Authority, to provide for two additional members on the board of directors and to further provide for vacancies on the board of directors under certain conditions.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to Lauderdale County, to amend Section 45-39-100, Code of Alabama 1975, to provide further for the compensation of the members and president of the county board of education; and to provide for the election and term of the president of the board.. Description: Relating to Lauderdale County, to amend Section 45-39-100, Code of Alabama 1975, to provide further for the compensation of the members and president of the county board of education; and to provide for the election and term of the president of the board.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to contracts for professional services; to amend Section 41-4-133, Code of Alabama 1975, as last amended by Act 2022-357, to provide for the procurement of certain professional service contracts based on competitive, qualification-based policies and procedures; to provide for the advertisement of such contracts; and to subject such contracts to a fee schedule established by the Division of Construction Management of the Department of Finance, with exception.. Description: Relating to contracts for professional services; to amend Section 41-4-133, Code of Alabama 1975, as last amended by Act 2022-357, to provide for the procurement of certain professional service contracts based on competitive, qualification-based policies and procedures; to provide for the advertisement of such contracts; and to subject such contracts to a fee schedule established by the Division of Construction Management of the Department of Finance, with exception.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to the Mandatory Liability Insurance Act; to amend Sections 32-7A-5 and 32-7A-16, Code of Alabama 1975, to further provide for the exceptions to the act for inoperable or stored motor vehicles; to prohibit the continued operation of a motor vehicle in violation of the registration and insurance requirements.. Description: Relating to the Mandatory Liability Insurance Act; to amend Sections 32-7A-5 and 32-7A-16, Code of Alabama 1975, to further provide for the exceptions to the act for inoperable or stored motor vehicles; to prohibit the continued operation of a motor vehicle in violation of the registration and insurance requirements.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to the Alabama Department of Economic and Community Affairs; to authorize the department to distribute funds appropriated for that purpose to any government or private entity to accomplish the design, construction, and installation of a replica of the Saturn 1B Rocket or similar structure at the northernmost Interstate 65 rest stop in the state, if the original rocket located at the Interstate 65 Ardmore Welcome Center in Elkmont, Alabama is beyond restoration or repair; and to allocate funding under the department's Planning Program.. Description: Relating to the Alabama Department of Economic and Community Affairs; to authorize the department to distribute funds appropriated for that purpose to any government or private entity to accomplish the design, construction, and installation of a replica of the Saturn 1B Rocket or similar structure at the northernmost Interstate 65 rest stop in the state, if the original rocket located at the Interstate 65 Ardmore Welcome Center in Elkmont, Alabama is beyond restoration or repair; and to allocate funding under the department's Planning Program.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to public utilities; to authorize the Alabama Public Service Commission to designate certain providers or  of commercial mobile radio  services as a eligible to offer and receive universal service support.. Description: Relating to public utilities; to authorize the Alabama Public Service Commission to designate certain providers or  of commercial mobile radio  services as a eligible to offer and receive universal service support.
In 2023, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Relating to vaping devices; to amend Section 28-11-14, Code of Alabama 1975, to further provide prohibitions on the possession of an electronic nicotine delivery system by individuals under 21 years of age; and in connection therewith would have as its purpose or effect the requirement of a new or increased expenditure of local funds within the meaning of Section 111.05 of the Constitution of Alabama of 2022.. Description: Relating to vaping devices; to amend Section 28-11-14, Code of Alabama 1975, to further provide prohibitions on the possession of an electronic nicotine delivery system by individuals under 21 years of age; and in connection therewith would have as its purpose or effect the requirement of a new or increased expenditure of local funds within the meaning of Section 111.05 of the Constitution of Alabama of 2022.
In 2023, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Relating to Macon County; to provide for the salary of the judge of probate; to ratify and confirm prior payments to the judge of probate prior to the effective date of this act; and to repeal Section 45-44-84 of the Code of Alabama 1975, relating to Macon County and the salary of the judge of probate.. Description: Relating to Macon County; to provide for the salary of the judge of probate; to ratify and confirm prior payments to the judge of probate prior to the effective date of this act; and to repeal Section 45-44-84 of the Code of Alabama 1975, relating to Macon County and the salary of the judge of probate.
In 2023, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Relating to criminal procedure; to require law enforcement agencies to collect fingerprints and DNA from any illegal alien in the agency's custody and submit the fingerprints and DNA for testing or cataloging.. Description: Relating to criminal procedure; to require law enforcement agencies to collect fingerprints and DNA from any illegal alien in the agency's custody and submit the fingerprints and DNA for testing or cataloging.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to the employment of notaries public; to amend Sections 36-20-70, 36-20-71, 36-20-72, 36-20-73.1, 36-20-74, and 36-20-75, Code of Alabama 1975; to provide further for the appointment and service of notaries public; to increase the fee collected by the judge of probate for the commission of a notary; to expand the grounds under which a judge of probate may accept or deny an application for a notary commission; to require an applicant for a notary commission to complete a training program; to increase the bond required of a notary public; to provide further for the acknowledgment of signatures; to increase the fee collected for notarial acts performed; to specify the acts of a notary or other individual that constitute a crime; and in connection therewith would have as its purpose or effect the requirement of a new or increased expenditure of local funds within the meaning of Section 111.05 of the Constitution of Alabama of 2022.. Description: Relating to the employment of notaries public; to amend Sections 36-20-70, 36-20-71, 36-20-72, 36-20-73.1, 36-20-74, and 36-20-75, Code of Alabama 1975; to provide further for the appointment and service of notaries public; to increase the fee collected by the judge of probate for the commission of a notary; to expand the grounds under which a judge of probate may accept or deny an application for a notary commission; to require an applicant for a notary commission to complete a training program; to increase the bond required of a notary public; to provide further for the acknowledgment of signatures; to increase the fee collected for notarial acts performed; to specify the acts of a notary or other individual that constitute a crime; and in connection therewith would have as its purpose or effect the requirement of a new or increased expenditure of local funds within the meaning of Section 111.05 of the Constitution of Alabama of 2022.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to Autauga County; to authorize the sheriff to conduct fundraising events; to provide for the use of the proceeds; and to provide that this act is remedial and curative.. Description: Relating to Autauga County; to authorize the sheriff to conduct fundraising events; to provide for the use of the proceeds; and to provide that this act is remedial and curative.
In 2023, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: To propose an amendment to the Constitution of Alabama of 2022, relating to Greene County, to provide legislative findings; to provide for the pari-mutuel wagering on historical horse racing on computerized machines; to levy a tax on pari-mutuel wagering on historical horse races on computerized machines; to provide for application for licensure and the operation of a racetrack; and to provide for the distribution of taxes, fees, and other monies collected by the commission.. Description: To propose an amendment to the Constitution of Alabama of 2022, relating to Greene County, to provide legislative findings; to provide for the pari-mutuel wagering on historical horse racing on computerized machines; to levy a tax on pari-mutuel wagering on historical horse races on computerized machines; to provide for application for licensure and the operation of a racetrack; and to provide for the distribution of taxes, fees, and other monies collected by the commission.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to Coffee County; to amend Section 45-16-62, Code of Alabama 1975, to further provide for the appointment of a chief deputy coroner and a deputy coroner, to provide for compensation for the chief deputy coroner and deputy coroner, and to repeal Section 45-16-61, Code of Alabama 1975, relating to the appointment of a deputy coroner.. Description: Relating to Coffee County; to amend Section 45-16-62, Code of Alabama 1975, to further provide for the appointment of a chief deputy coroner and a deputy coroner, to provide for compensation for the chief deputy coroner and deputy coroner, and to repeal Section 45-16-61, Code of Alabama 1975, relating to the appointment of a deputy coroner.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to Marshall County; to create a service of process fee to be charged for service of process by a sheriff of documents in the District Court, Circuit Court, Family Court, and Juvenile Court of the county; to create a service of process fee to be charged for service of process in actions instituted outside the state; and to provide for distribution of the proceeds of the fee.. Description: Relating to Marshall County; to create a service of process fee to be charged for service of process by a sheriff of documents in the District Court, Circuit Court, Family Court, and Juvenile Court of the county; to create a service of process fee to be charged for service of process in actions instituted outside the state; and to provide for distribution of the proceeds of the fee.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: State Highway 13 named as the Natural Bridge Parkway. Description: State Highway 13 named as the Natural Bridge Parkway
In 2023, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Relating to judges and justices; to prohibit government agencies, individuals, businesses, and associations from publicly posting or displaying judge's or justice's personal information on the Internet, provided they have received a written request from the judge or justice to refrain from doing so; to prohibit commercial data collectors from knowingly selling, trading, licensing, transferring, or purchasing judges' personal information; to provide for a process for a judge or justice to request their personal information not be made public; to provide for penalties for violations; and in connection therewith would have as its purpose or effect the requirement of a new or increased expenditure of local funds within the meaning of Section 111.05 of the Constitution of Alabama of 2022.. Description: Relating to judges and justices; to prohibit government agencies, individuals, businesses, and associations from publicly posting or displaying judge's or justice's personal information on the Internet, provided they have received a written request from the judge or justice to refrain from doing so; to prohibit commercial data collectors from knowingly selling, trading, licensing, transferring, or purchasing judges' personal information; to provide for a process for a judge or justice to request their personal information not be made public; to provide for penalties for violations; and in connection therewith would have as its purpose or effect the requirement of a new or increased expenditure of local funds within the meaning of Section 111.05 of the Constitution of Alabama of 2022.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to Central Bank Digital Currency; to prohibit governmental agencies from using this type of currency as payment and from participating in testing the use of this currency by the Federal Reserve.. Description: Relating to Central Bank Digital Currency; to prohibit governmental agencies from using this type of currency as payment and from participating in testing the use of this currency by the Federal Reserve.
In 2023, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Relating to Jefferson County; to further provide for the compensation of the sheriff.. Description: Relating to Jefferson County; to further provide for the compensation of the sheriff.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to the City of Orange Beach in Baldwin County; to alter, rearrange, and extend the boundary lines and corporate limits of the City of Orange Beach.. Description: Relating to the City of Orange Beach in Baldwin County; to alter, rearrange, and extend the boundary lines and corporate limits of the City of Orange Beach.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: To alter, rearrange, and extend the boundary lines and corporate limits of the City of Atmore in Escambia County.. Description: To alter, rearrange, and extend the boundary lines and corporate limits of the City of Atmore in Escambia County.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to the Alabama Board of Examiners in Counseling; to add a new Article 3 to Chapter 8A of Title 34,  Code of Alabama 1975, to create and provide for the operation of an Alabama Licensed Counselor Wellness Committee and voluntary treatment program for impaired licensed professional counselors and associate licensed counselors.. Description: Relating to the Alabama Board of Examiners in Counseling; to add a new Article 3 to Chapter 8A of Title 34,  Code of Alabama 1975, to create and provide for the operation of an Alabama Licensed Counselor Wellness Committee and voluntary treatment program for impaired licensed professional counselors and associate licensed counselors.
In 2023, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Relating to district attorneys; to amend Section 12-17-220, Code of Alabama 1975; to remove limitations on a district attorney's authorization to hire personnel based on the residency of any current or potential personnel.. Description: Relating to district attorneys; to amend Section 12-17-220, Code of Alabama 1975; to remove limitations on a district attorney's authorization to hire personnel based on the residency of any current or potential personnel.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to Jefferson County; to amend Section 45-37-91.04 of the Code of Alabama 1975, providing for the board of directors of the Greater Birmingham Convention and Visitor's Bureau, to provide for the appointment of an additional member of the board of directors.. Description: Relating to Jefferson County; to amend Section 45-37-91.04 of the Code of Alabama 1975, providing for the board of directors of the Greater Birmingham Convention and Visitor's Bureau, to provide for the appointment of an additional member of the board of directors.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Relating to Cullman County, to amend Section 45-22-225 of the Code of Alabama 1975, to change the composition of the Cullman County Tourism Bureau; and to amend Sections 45-22-242 and 45-22-242.11 of the Code of Alabama 1975, to provide for the rate of taxation and for the use of the proceeds of the tax.. Description: Relating to Cullman County, to amend Section 45-22-225 of the Code of Alabama 1975, to change the composition of the Cullman County Tourism Bureau; and to amend Sections 45-22-242 and 45-22-242.11 of the Code of Alabama 1975, to provide for the rate of taxation and for the use of the proceeds of the tax.
In 2023, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Relating to Jefferson County; to further provide for the annual salary of the county tax assessor and tax collector.. Description: Relating to Jefferson County; to further provide for the annual salary of the county tax assessor and tax collector.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: NOTIFYING THE SENATE OF THE CONVENING OF THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.. Description: NOTIFYING THE SENATE OF THE CONVENING OF THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: COMMENDING ALPHA PHI ALPHA FRATERNITY, INCORPORATED,  AND THE ALABAMA DISTRICT CHAPTERS AND RECOGNIZING MARCH 21,  2023, AS ALPHA PHI ALPHA DAY AT THE STATE CAPITOL.. Description: COMMENDING ALPHA PHI ALPHA FRATERNITY, INCORPORATED,  AND THE ALABAMA DISTRICT CHAPTERS AND RECOGNIZING MARCH 21,  2023, AS ALPHA PHI ALPHA DAY AT THE STATE CAPITOL.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: RECOGNIZING MARCH 21-27, 2023, AS NATIONAL SURVEYORS WEEK IN THE STATE OF ALABAMA.. Description: RECOGNIZING MARCH 21-27, 2023, AS NATIONAL SURVEYORS WEEK IN THE STATE OF ALABAMA.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: ENCOURAGING THE UNITED STATES CONGRESS AND NATIONAL SECURITY COUNCIL TO FORMALLY REVIEW THE "STATUS OF FORCES AGREEMENT" BETWEEN THE UNITED STATES AND JAPAN; TO OFFICIALLY EXAMINE THE CIRCUMSTANCES SURROUNDING THE INVESTIGATION AND TRIAL OF NAVY LIEUTENANT RIDGE ALKONIS; AND TO ENSURE THAT AMERICAN SERVICE MEMBERS ARE BEING PROPERLY TREATED AND ADEQUATELY PROTECTED WHILE SERVING IN JAPAN.. Description: ENCOURAGING THE UNITED STATES CONGRESS AND NATIONAL SECURITY COUNCIL TO FORMALLY REVIEW THE "STATUS OF FORCES AGREEMENT" BETWEEN THE UNITED STATES AND JAPAN; TO OFFICIALLY EXAMINE THE CIRCUMSTANCES SURROUNDING THE INVESTIGATION AND TRIAL OF NAVY LIEUTENANT RIDGE ALKONIS; AND TO ENSURE THAT AMERICAN SERVICE MEMBERS ARE BEING PROPERLY TREATED AND ADEQUATELY PROTECTED WHILE SERVING IN JAPAN.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: MOURNING THE DEATH OF GERTHA FOSTER HERNDON.. Description: MOURNING THE DEATH OF GERTHA FOSTER HERNDON.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: COMMENDING ST. CLAIR CHILDREN'S ADVOCACY CENTER, THE CHILDREN'S PLACE, AND RECOGNIZING APRIL 2023 AS CHILD ABUSE PREVENTION MONTH.. Description: COMMENDING ST. CLAIR CHILDREN'S ADVOCACY CENTER, THE CHILDREN'S PLACE, AND RECOGNIZING APRIL 2023 AS CHILD ABUSE PREVENTION MONTH.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDAR. Description: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDAR
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: OBSERVING ALPHA KAPPA ALPHA DAY AT THE CAPITOL ON APRIL 14, 2023.. Description: OBSERVING ALPHA KAPPA ALPHA DAY AT THE CAPITOL ON APRIL 14, 2023.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDAR. Description: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDAR
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: URGING THE MEMBERS OF THE ALABAMA CONGRESSIONAL  DELEGATION TO PROTECT ALABAMA’S GLOBAL NATIONAL DEFENSE  MISSION BY SUPPORTING FUNDING FROM THE NATIONAL DEFENSE  AUTHORIZATION ACT TO EXPAND THE AIRCRAFT REFUELING PARKING  RAMP FOR THE 117TH AIR REFUELING WING.. Description: URGING THE MEMBERS OF THE ALABAMA CONGRESSIONAL  DELEGATION TO PROTECT ALABAMA’S GLOBAL NATIONAL DEFENSE  MISSION BY SUPPORTING FUNDING FROM THE NATIONAL DEFENSE  AUTHORIZATION ACT TO EXPAND THE AIRCRAFT REFUELING PARKING  RAMP FOR THE 117TH AIR REFUELING WING.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDER. Description: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDER
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDER. Description: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDER
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: ENCOURAGING THE HIRING OF PERSONS WITH INTELLECTUAL AND PHYSICAL DISABILITIES IN THE WORKPLACE.. Description: ENCOURAGING THE HIRING OF PERSONS WITH INTELLECTUAL AND PHYSICAL DISABILITIES IN THE WORKPLACE.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: RECOGNIZING APRIL 20, 2023, AS OMEGA PSI PHI FRATERNITY, INCORPORATED, DAY IN ALABAMA.. Description: RECOGNIZING APRIL 20, 2023, AS OMEGA PSI PHI FRATERNITY, INCORPORATED, DAY IN ALABAMA.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDER. Description: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDER
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDER. Description: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDER
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: COMMENDING JACK AND JILL OF AMERICA, INCORPORATED, FOR ITS EXCEPTIONAL COMMITMENT TO THE EDUCATIONAL AND CULTURAL DEVELOPMENT OF YOUTH, THE CULTIVATION OF FUTURE LEADERS AND ITS CELEBRATION OF JACK AND JILL OF AMERICA, INCORPORATED'S LEGISLATIVE DAY AT THE CAPITOL ON APRIL 20, 2023.. Description: COMMENDING JACK AND JILL OF AMERICA, INCORPORATED, FOR ITS EXCEPTIONAL COMMITMENT TO THE EDUCATIONAL AND CULTURAL DEVELOPMENT OF YOUTH, THE CULTIVATION OF FUTURE LEADERS AND ITS CELEBRATION OF JACK AND JILL OF AMERICA, INCORPORATED'S LEGISLATIVE DAY AT THE CAPITOL ON APRIL 20, 2023.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDAR. Description: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDAR
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDAR. Description: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDAR
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: MOURNING THE DEATH AND CELEBRATING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF HARRY BELAFONTE.. Description: MOURNING THE DEATH AND CELEBRATING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF HARRY BELAFONTE.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDAR. Description: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDAR
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: CELEBRATING THE LIFE OF PASTOR DR. HARRY L. REEDER III.. Description: CELEBRATING THE LIFE OF PASTOR DR. HARRY L. REEDER III.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: CONGRATULATING THE MOUNTAIN BROOK HIGH SCHOOL BOYS VARSITY TENNIS TEAM FOR WINNING THE 2023 ALABAMA HIGH SCHOOL ATHLETIC ASSOCIATION CLASS 6A STATE TENNIS CHAMPIONSHIP.. Description: CONGRATULATING THE MOUNTAIN BROOK HIGH SCHOOL BOYS VARSITY TENNIS TEAM FOR WINNING THE 2023 ALABAMA HIGH SCHOOL ATHLETIC ASSOCIATION CLASS 6A STATE TENNIS CHAMPIONSHIP.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: CONGRATULATING THE MOUNTAIN BROOK HIGH SCHOOL GIRLS VARSITY TENNIS TEAM FOR WINNING THE 2023 ALABAMA HIGH SCHOOL ATHLETIC ASSOCIATION CLASS 6A STATE TENNIS CHAMPIONSHIP.. Description: CONGRATULATING THE MOUNTAIN BROOK HIGH SCHOOL GIRLS VARSITY TENNIS TEAM FOR WINNING THE 2023 ALABAMA HIGH SCHOOL ATHLETIC ASSOCIATION CLASS 6A STATE TENNIS CHAMPIONSHIP.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDAR. Description: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDAR
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Mayor Dewey J. Bondurant, Jr., Honored. Description: Mayor Dewey J. Bondurant, Jr., Honored
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDAR. Description: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDAR
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDAR. Description: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDAR
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDAR. Description: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDAR
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDAR. Description: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDAR
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDAR. Description: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDAR
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDAR. Description: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDAR
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: RECOGNIZING THE UNIQUE AND SPECIAL RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN THE STATE OF ALABAMA AND THE NATION OF JAPAN.. Description: RECOGNIZING THE UNIQUE AND SPECIAL RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN THE STATE OF ALABAMA AND THE NATION OF JAPAN.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDAR. Description: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDAR
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Consent Calendar. Description: Consent Calendar
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDAR. Description: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDAR
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Robinson, Rochelle, commended. Description: Robinson, Rochelle, commended
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDAR. Description: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDAR
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: NOTIFYING THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES OF THE CONVENING OF THE SENATE.. Description: NOTIFYING THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES OF THE CONVENING OF THE SENATE.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Go Red Day, February 3rd, recognized. Description: Go Red Day, February 3rd, recognized
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDAR. Description: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDAR
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDAR. Description: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDAR
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDAR. Description: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDAR
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDAR. Description: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDAR
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDAR. Description: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDAR
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDAR. Description: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDAR
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDAR. Description: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDAR
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: William Dice Lineberry, Commended. Description: William Dice Lineberry, Commended
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDAR. Description: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDAR
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDAR. Description: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDAR
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDAR. Description: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDAR
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDAR. Description: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDAR
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDAR. Description: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDAR
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDAR. Description: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDAR
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDAR. Description: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDAR
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDAR. Description: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDAR
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDAR. Description: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDAR
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDAR. Description: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDAR
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDAR. Description: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDAR
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDAR. Description: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDAR
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDAR. Description: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDAR
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDAR. Description: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDAR
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDAR. Description: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDAR
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDAR. Description: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDAR
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDAR. Description: SPECIAL ORDER CALENDAR
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: COMMENDING JEFF NORRIS FOR OUTSTANDING PROFESSIONAL ACHIEVEMENT.. Description: COMMENDING JEFF NORRIS FOR OUTSTANDING PROFESSIONAL ACHIEVEMENT.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: TO RECOGNIZE MARCH 2023 AS "CHRONIC KIDNEY DISEASE AWARENESS MONTH" IN ALABAMA IN ORDER TO RAISE AWARENESS FOR THE NEED FOR RESEARCH, SCREENING PROGRAMS, AND ACCESS TO CARE FOR INDIVIDUALS WHO SUFFER FROM CHRONIC KIDNEY DISEASE.. Description: TO RECOGNIZE MARCH 2023 AS "CHRONIC KIDNEY DISEASE AWARENESS MONTH" IN ALABAMA IN ORDER TO RAISE AWARENESS FOR THE NEED FOR RESEARCH, SCREENING PROGRAMS, AND ACCESS TO CARE FOR INDIVIDUALS WHO SUFFER FROM CHRONIC KIDNEY DISEASE.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: DESIGNATING THE WEEK OF SEPTEMBER 11 AS PUBLIC SAFETY WEEK.. Description: DESIGNATING THE WEEK OF SEPTEMBER 11 AS PUBLIC SAFETY WEEK.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: CONGRATULATING RONALD JACKSON FOR BEING INDUCTED INTO THE ALABAMA HIGH SCHOOL SPORTS HALL OF FAME.. Description: CONGRATULATING RONALD JACKSON FOR BEING INDUCTED INTO THE ALABAMA HIGH SCHOOL SPORTS HALL OF FAME.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: HONORING THE BOY SCOUTS OF AMERICA ORGANIZATION ON ITS 113TH ANNIVERSARY AND FOR ITS ACHIEVEMENTS.. Description: HONORING THE BOY SCOUTS OF AMERICA ORGANIZATION ON ITS 113TH ANNIVERSARY AND FOR ITS ACHIEVEMENTS.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: COMMENDING MS. GWENDOLYN DENICE RICHARDSON FOR BEING  INDUCTED INTO THE 3RD CLASS OF J.F. SHIELDS/MONROE COUNTY TRAINING SCHOOL ATHLETIC HALL OF FAME.. Description: COMMENDING MS. GWENDOLYN DENICE RICHARDSON FOR BEING  INDUCTED INTO THE 3RD CLASS OF J.F. SHIELDS/MONROE COUNTY TRAINING SCHOOL ATHLETIC HALL OF FAME.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: RECOGNIZING THE MILLENNIAL ACTION PROJECT AND THE ALABAMA FUTURE CAUCUS.. Description: RECOGNIZING THE MILLENNIAL ACTION PROJECT AND THE ALABAMA FUTURE CAUCUS.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: COMMENDING COLONEL (RETIRED) MARK HAROLD MCDONALD FOR MANY YEARS OF COMMITTED SERVICE TO THE UNITED STATES ARMY RESERVE.. Description: COMMENDING COLONEL (RETIRED) MARK HAROLD MCDONALD FOR MANY YEARS OF COMMITTED SERVICE TO THE UNITED STATES ARMY RESERVE.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: MOURNING THE DEATH OF MR. JOHN MICHAEL ROBISON.. Description: MOURNING THE DEATH OF MR. JOHN MICHAEL ROBISON.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: RECOGNIZING THE MONTH OF APRIL 2023 AS ALABAMA NATIVE PLANT MONTH.. Description: RECOGNIZING THE MONTH OF APRIL 2023 AS ALABAMA NATIVE PLANT MONTH.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: COMMENDING MISS CHRISTINE JOHNSON FOR WINNING THE 2023 AMERICAN LEGION DEPARTMENT OF ALABAMA ORATORICAL COMPETITION.. Description: COMMENDING MISS CHRISTINE JOHNSON FOR WINNING THE 2023 AMERICAN LEGION DEPARTMENT OF ALABAMA ORATORICAL COMPETITION.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: CONGRATULATING THE GLENWOOD SCHOOL BOYS VARSITY BASKETBALL TEAM FOR WINNING THE 2023 ALABAMA INDEPENDENT SCHOOL ASSOCIATION CLASS AAA BASKETBALL STATE CHAMPIONSHIP.. Description: CONGRATULATING THE GLENWOOD SCHOOL BOYS VARSITY BASKETBALL TEAM FOR WINNING THE 2023 ALABAMA INDEPENDENT SCHOOL ASSOCIATION CLASS AAA BASKETBALL STATE CHAMPIONSHIP.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: COMMENDING COACH WILLIAM EARL GRIFFIN FOR BEING  INDUCTED INTO THE ALABAMA HIGH SCHOOL SPORTS HALL OF FAME.. Description: COMMENDING COACH WILLIAM EARL GRIFFIN FOR BEING  INDUCTED INTO THE ALABAMA HIGH SCHOOL SPORTS HALL OF FAME.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: COMMENDING COACH MICHAEL RAY ROBERTSON ON HIS INDUCTION INTO THE ALABAMA HIGH SCHOOL SPORTS HALL OF FAME CLASS OF 2023.. Description: COMMENDING COACH MICHAEL RAY ROBERTSON ON HIS INDUCTION INTO THE ALABAMA HIGH SCHOOL SPORTS HALL OF FAME CLASS OF 2023.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: HJR____ TO RECOGNIZE MAY 2023 AS TUBEROUS SCLEROSIS COMPLEX AWARENESS MONTH IN ORDER TO RAISE AWARENESS FOR THE NEED FOR RESEARCH, PROPER DIAGNOSIS, AND FAMILY SUPPORT FOR INDIVIDUALS WHO SUFFER FROM TUBEROUS SCLEROSIS COMPLEX.. Description: HJR____ TO RECOGNIZE MAY 2023 AS TUBEROUS SCLEROSIS COMPLEX AWARENESS MONTH IN ORDER TO RAISE AWARENESS FOR THE NEED FOR RESEARCH, PROPER DIAGNOSIS, AND FAMILY SUPPORT FOR INDIVIDUALS WHO SUFFER FROM TUBEROUS SCLEROSIS COMPLEX.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: HONORING THE MEMORY OF CHIEF WARRANT OFFICER DANNY RANDOLPH AND CHIEF WARRANT OFFICER DANIEL WADHAM OF THE TENNESSEE NATIONAL GUARD.. Description: HONORING THE MEMORY OF CHIEF WARRANT OFFICER DANNY RANDOLPH AND CHIEF WARRANT OFFICER DANIEL WADHAM OF THE TENNESSEE NATIONAL GUARD.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: COMMEMORATING THE 77TH SOUTHERN LEGISLATIVE CONFERENCE OF THE COUNCIL OF STATE GOVERNMENTS SOUTHERN OFFICE.. Description: COMMEMORATING THE 77TH SOUTHERN LEGISLATIVE CONFERENCE OF THE COUNCIL OF STATE GOVERNMENTS SOUTHERN OFFICE.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: COMMENDING THREE ON A STRING FOR BEING INDUCTED INTO THE ALABAMA MUSIC HALL OF FAME.. Description: COMMENDING THREE ON A STRING FOR BEING INDUCTED INTO THE ALABAMA MUSIC HALL OF FAME.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: COMMENDING HAZEL GREEN HIGH SCHOOL GIRLS BASKETBALL TEAM FOR WINNING THE 2023 ALABAMA HIGH SCHOOL ATHLETIC ASSOCIATION CLASS 6A STATE BASKETBALL TOURNAMENT.. Description: COMMENDING HAZEL GREEN HIGH SCHOOL GIRLS BASKETBALL TEAM FOR WINNING THE 2023 ALABAMA HIGH SCHOOL ATHLETIC ASSOCIATION CLASS 6A STATE BASKETBALL TOURNAMENT.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: COMMENDING ST. CLAIR CHILDREN'S ADVOCACY CENTER, THE CHILDREN'S PLACE, AND RECOGNIZING APRIL 2023 AS CHILD ABUSE PREVENTION MONTH.. Description: COMMENDING ST. CLAIR CHILDREN'S ADVOCACY CENTER, THE CHILDREN'S PLACE, AND RECOGNIZING APRIL 2023 AS CHILD ABUSE PREVENTION MONTH.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: COMMENDING EIGHTH GRADER, ALEXIS COLVARD, FOR PROVIDING EMERGENCY MEDICAL CARE TO A FELLOW STUDENT.. Description: COMMENDING EIGHTH GRADER, ALEXIS COLVARD, FOR PROVIDING EMERGENCY MEDICAL CARE TO A FELLOW STUDENT.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: COMMENDING MR. STEVE GIDDENS FOR BEING INDUCTED INTO THE ALABAMA HIGH SCHOOL SPORTS HALL OF FAME CLASS OF 2023.. Description: COMMENDING MR. STEVE GIDDENS FOR BEING INDUCTED INTO THE ALABAMA HIGH SCHOOL SPORTS HALL OF FAME CLASS OF 2023.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: CONGRATULATING THE JACKSONVILLE HIGH SCHOOL GOLDEN EAGLES BOYS VARSITY BASKETBALL TEAM FOR ITS ACCOMPLISHMENTS DURING THE 2022-2023 SEASON.. Description: CONGRATULATING THE JACKSONVILLE HIGH SCHOOL GOLDEN EAGLES BOYS VARSITY BASKETBALL TEAM FOR ITS ACCOMPLISHMENTS DURING THE 2022-2023 SEASON.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: MOURNING THE DEATH OF FORMER REPRESENTATIVE JOHNNY LAWSON ROBINSON.. Description: MOURNING THE DEATH OF FORMER REPRESENTATIVE JOHNNY LAWSON ROBINSON.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: RECOGNIZING APRIL AS ALCOHOL AWARENESS MONTH.. Description: RECOGNIZING APRIL AS ALCOHOL AWARENESS MONTH.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: SUPPORTING THE REPAIR AND CONTINUED MAINTENANCE OF WILSON LOCK AND DAM ON THE TENNESSEE RIVER.. Description: SUPPORTING THE REPAIR AND CONTINUED MAINTENANCE OF WILSON LOCK AND DAM ON THE TENNESSEE RIVER.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: COMMENDING TAIWAN FOR ITS RELATIONS WITH THE UNITED STATES AND THE STATE OF ALABAMA.. Description: COMMENDING TAIWAN FOR ITS RELATIONS WITH THE UNITED STATES AND THE STATE OF ALABAMA.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: TO IMPROVE THE CARE OF ATHEROSCLEROTIC. Description: TO IMPROVE THE CARE OF ATHEROSCLEROTIC
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: NAMING THE BRIDGE AT EXIT 100 ON INTERSTATE 20 THE BRADLEY JOHNSON MEMORIAL BRIDGE.. Description: NAMING THE BRIDGE AT EXIT 100 ON INTERSTATE 20 THE BRADLEY JOHNSON MEMORIAL BRIDGE.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: MOURNING THE DEATH AND CELEBRATING THE LIFE OF AUBREY DEE BARNARD, JR.. Description: MOURNING THE DEATH AND CELEBRATING THE LIFE OF AUBREY DEE BARNARD, JR.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: CELEBRATING THE RETIREMENT OF CHIEF JIMMIE FLANAGAN.. Description: CELEBRATING THE RETIREMENT OF CHIEF JIMMIE FLANAGAN.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: URGING THE BIDEN ADMINISTRATION TO AFFIRM REDSTONE ARSENAL AS THE FUTURE LOCATION OF THE U.S. SPACE COMMAND.. Description: URGING THE BIDEN ADMINISTRATION TO AFFIRM REDSTONE ARSENAL AS THE FUTURE LOCATION OF THE U.S. SPACE COMMAND.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: COMMENDING MR. JOSEPH P. BORG FOR OUTSTANDING SERVICE  TO HIS COUNTRY AND THE STATE OF ALABAMA.. Description: COMMENDING MR. JOSEPH P. BORG FOR OUTSTANDING SERVICE  TO HIS COUNTRY AND THE STATE OF ALABAMA.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: URGING THE MEMBERS OF THE ALABAMA CONGRESSIONAL DELEGATION TO PROTECT ALABAMA’S GLOBAL NATIONAL DEFENSE MISSION BY SUPPORTING FUNDING FROM THE NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION ACT TO EXPAND THE AIRCRAFT REFUELING PARKING RAMP FOR THE 117TH AIR REFUELING WING.. Description: URGING THE MEMBERS OF THE ALABAMA CONGRESSIONAL DELEGATION TO PROTECT ALABAMA’S GLOBAL NATIONAL DEFENSE MISSION BY SUPPORTING FUNDING FROM THE NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION ACT TO EXPAND THE AIRCRAFT REFUELING PARKING RAMP FOR THE 117TH AIR REFUELING WING.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: COMMENDING COLONEL KEITH H. LEWIS FOR HIS DEDICATED SERVICE TO THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE.. Description: COMMENDING COLONEL KEITH H. LEWIS FOR HIS DEDICATED SERVICE TO THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: COMMENDING JEFFREY L. NORRIS ON BEING NAMED THE 2023-2024 ALABAMA TEACHER OF THE YEAR.. Description: COMMENDING JEFFREY L. NORRIS ON BEING NAMED THE 2023-2024 ALABAMA TEACHER OF THE YEAR.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: COMMENDING COMMAND SERGEANT MAJOR JAMES W. FRYE FOR HIS DEDICATED SERVICE TO THE MILITARY POLICE CORPS REGIMENT AND THE UNITED STATES ARMY.. Description: COMMENDING COMMAND SERGEANT MAJOR JAMES W. FRYE FOR HIS DEDICATED SERVICE TO THE MILITARY POLICE CORPS REGIMENT AND THE UNITED STATES ARMY.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: HONORING REVEREND DR. STEPHEN LAMAR FAULK FOR OVER 30 YEARS OF SERVICE IN PASTORAL MINISTRY AND FOR OVER 26 YEARS OF SERVICE IN THE FIELD OF EDUCATION.. Description: HONORING REVEREND DR. STEPHEN LAMAR FAULK FOR OVER 30 YEARS OF SERVICE IN PASTORAL MINISTRY AND FOR OVER 26 YEARS OF SERVICE IN THE FIELD OF EDUCATION.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: COMMENDING JOSEPH BERNARD HAMPTON, THE FIRST BLACK MAN TO LEAD A MAJOR UTILITY COMPANY IN ALABAMA.. Description: COMMENDING JOSEPH BERNARD HAMPTON, THE FIRST BLACK MAN TO LEAD A MAJOR UTILITY COMPANY IN ALABAMA.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: RECOGNIZING THE ALABAMA YOM HASHOAH COMMEMORATION ON APRIL 18, 2023.. Description: RECOGNIZING THE ALABAMA YOM HASHOAH COMMEMORATION ON APRIL 18, 2023.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: CREATING THE ALZHEIMER'S DISEASE TASK FORCE.. Description: CREATING THE ALZHEIMER'S DISEASE TASK FORCE.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: COMMENDING THE UNIVERSITY OF SOUTH ALABAMA ON THE OCCASION OF ITS 60TH ANNIVERSARY.. Description: COMMENDING THE UNIVERSITY OF SOUTH ALABAMA ON THE OCCASION OF ITS 60TH ANNIVERSARY.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: COMMENDING JOSHUA WORTHAM FOR BEING SELECTED AS ONE OF ALABAMA PUBLIC TELEVISION'S YOUNG HEROES OF ALABAMA FOR 2023.. Description: COMMENDING JOSHUA WORTHAM FOR BEING SELECTED AS ONE OF ALABAMA PUBLIC TELEVISION'S YOUNG HEROES OF ALABAMA FOR 2023.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: COMMENDING ASHTON GOODLOE FOR BEING NAMED ONE OF ALABMA PUBLIC TELEVISION'S YOUNG HEROES OF ALABAMA FOR 2023.. Description: COMMENDING ASHTON GOODLOE FOR BEING NAMED ONE OF ALABMA PUBLIC TELEVISION'S YOUNG HEROES OF ALABAMA FOR 2023.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: COMMENDING EMILY CASSITY FOR BEING NAMED ONE OF ALABAMA PUBLIC TELEVISION'S YOUNG HEROES OF 2023.. Description: COMMENDING EMILY CASSITY FOR BEING NAMED ONE OF ALABAMA PUBLIC TELEVISION'S YOUNG HEROES OF 2023.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: COMMENDING JACORI GADDIS FOR BEING NAMED ONE OF ALABAMA PUBLIC TELEVISION'S YOUNG HEROES OF ALABAMA FOR 2023.. Description: COMMENDING JACORI GADDIS FOR BEING NAMED ONE OF ALABAMA PUBLIC TELEVISION'S YOUNG HEROES OF ALABAMA FOR 2023.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: COMMENDING ELYSE MAE DEAN FOR BEING NAMED ONE OF ALABAMA PUBLIC TELEVISION'S YOUNG HEROES OF ALABAMA FOR 2023.. Description: COMMENDING ELYSE MAE DEAN FOR BEING NAMED ONE OF ALABAMA PUBLIC TELEVISION'S YOUNG HEROES OF ALABAMA FOR 2023.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: COMMENDING EMMA TERRY FOR HER ACCOMPLISHMENTS.. Description: COMMENDING EMMA TERRY FOR HER ACCOMPLISHMENTS.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: HONORING THE LIFE AND PUBLIC SERVICE OF LEON L. ALLEN.. Description: HONORING THE LIFE AND PUBLIC SERVICE OF LEON L. ALLEN.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: COMMENDING THE WINNERS OF THE GREAT ALABAMA 650 RACE.. Description: COMMENDING THE WINNERS OF THE GREAT ALABAMA 650 RACE.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: MOURNING THE DEATH OF MRS. AMY FRANCES HERRING.. Description: MOURNING THE DEATH OF MRS. AMY FRANCES HERRING.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: RECOGNIZING THE 40TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE ALABAMA STATE GAMES.. Description: RECOGNIZING THE 40TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE ALABAMA STATE GAMES.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: PROCLAIMING THE MONTH OF APRIL AS NATIONAL DONATE LIFE MONTH.. Description: PROCLAIMING THE MONTH OF APRIL AS NATIONAL DONATE LIFE MONTH.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: COMMENDING THE BIRMINGHAM ASSOCIATION OF REALTORS® FOR THE SUCCESSFUL FAIR HOUSING MONTH 55TH ANNIVERSARY PROCLAMATION TOUR.. Description: COMMENDING THE BIRMINGHAM ASSOCIATION OF REALTORS® FOR THE SUCCESSFUL FAIR HOUSING MONTH 55TH ANNIVERSARY PROCLAMATION TOUR.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: COMMENDING THE UNITED STATES SPACE AND ROCKET CENTER UPON THE GRAND OPENING OF ITS NEW SPACE CAMP OPERATIONS CENTER.. Description: COMMENDING THE UNITED STATES SPACE AND ROCKET CENTER UPON THE GRAND OPENING OF ITS NEW SPACE CAMP OPERATIONS CENTER.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: COMMENDING ATTORNEY JASON M. JONES FOR PROFESSIONAL ACHIEVEMENTS.. Description: COMMENDING ATTORNEY JASON M. JONES FOR PROFESSIONAL ACHIEVEMENTS.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: RECOGNIZING KAPPA ALPHA PSI FRATERNITY, INCORPORATED, DAY ON MAY 2, 2023, AT THE CAPITOL AND COMMENDING KAPPA ALPHA PSI FRATERNITY, INCORPORATED, ON ITS 112TH ANNIVERSARY.. Description: RECOGNIZING KAPPA ALPHA PSI FRATERNITY, INCORPORATED, DAY ON MAY 2, 2023, AT THE CAPITOL AND COMMENDING KAPPA ALPHA PSI FRATERNITY, INCORPORATED, ON ITS 112TH ANNIVERSARY.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: URGING THE STATE BOARD OF HEALTH TO INCREASE THE AWARENESS OF TRIPLE NEGATIVE BREAST CANCER AND TO EXPAND ACCESS TO SCREENING AND TREATMENT.. Description: URGING THE STATE BOARD OF HEALTH TO INCREASE THE AWARENESS OF TRIPLE NEGATIVE BREAST CANCER AND TO EXPAND ACCESS TO SCREENING AND TREATMENT.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: COMMENDING TROY UNIVERSITY UNIVERSITY AND ITS FOOTBALL COACH, JON SUMRALL.. Description: COMMENDING TROY UNIVERSITY UNIVERSITY AND ITS FOOTBALL COACH, JON SUMRALL.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: CELEBRATING THE LIFE OF BARTLEY EUGENE TOMLINSON III.. Description: CELEBRATING THE LIFE OF BARTLEY EUGENE TOMLINSON III.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: DESIGNATING A PORTION OF INTERSTATE 22 AS THE JAMES D. BROWN HIGHWAY.. Description: DESIGNATING A PORTION OF INTERSTATE 22 AS THE JAMES D. BROWN HIGHWAY.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: HJR______ MOURNING THE DEATH OF LIEUTENANT COLONEL  (RETIRED) DR. RICHARD GOODWIN.. Description: HJR______ MOURNING THE DEATH OF LIEUTENANT COLONEL  (RETIRED) DR. RICHARD GOODWIN.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: RECOGNIZING MEMORIAL DAY AND HONORING THE COURAGEOUS PATRIOTS WHO HAVE FOUGHT FOR THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA.. Description: RECOGNIZING MEMORIAL DAY AND HONORING THE COURAGEOUS PATRIOTS WHO HAVE FOUGHT FOR THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: SUPPORTING THE REPAIR AND CONTINUED MAINTENANCE OF WILSON LOCK ON THE TENNESSEE RIVER.. Description: SUPPORTING THE REPAIR AND CONTINUED MAINTENANCE OF WILSON LOCK ON THE TENNESSEE RIVER.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: COMMENDING MISS CARLEY SEABROOKE ON EARNING THE 2023 JUNIOR OLYMPICS SILVER MEDAL IN WOMEN'S SMALLBORE RIFLE, UNDER 18 CATEGORY.. Description: COMMENDING MISS CARLEY SEABROOKE ON EARNING THE 2023 JUNIOR OLYMPICS SILVER MEDAL IN WOMEN'S SMALLBORE RIFLE, UNDER 18 CATEGORY.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: HJR______ MOURNING THE DEATH OF LIEUTENANT COLONEL  (RETIRED) DR. RICHARD GOODWIN.. Description: HJR______ MOURNING THE DEATH OF LIEUTENANT COLONEL  (RETIRED) DR. RICHARD GOODWIN.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: DESIGNATING THE BRIDGE ON ALABAMA STATE ROUTE 193 THAT SPANS THE THEODORE INDUSTRIAL CANAL IN MOBILE COUNTY AS THE VICTOR BIRCH MEMORIAL BRIDGE.. Description: DESIGNATING THE BRIDGE ON ALABAMA STATE ROUTE 193 THAT SPANS THE THEODORE INDUSTRIAL CANAL IN MOBILE COUNTY AS THE VICTOR BIRCH MEMORIAL BRIDGE.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: CONGRATULATING MR. JOEY D. DUMAS FOR WINNING THE 2021 NATIONAL AUTO SPORT ASSOCIATION NATIONAL CHAMPIONSHIP.. Description: CONGRATULATING MR. JOEY D. DUMAS FOR WINNING THE 2021 NATIONAL AUTO SPORT ASSOCIATION NATIONAL CHAMPIONSHIP.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: CREATING THE CHRONIC WEIGHT MANAGEMENT AND TYPE 2 DIABETES TASK FORCE.. Description: CREATING THE CHRONIC WEIGHT MANAGEMENT AND TYPE 2 DIABETES TASK FORCE.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: Convening of joint session for the purpose of presenting the Legislative Medal of Honor for Law Enforcement Officers.. Description: Convening of joint session for the purpose of presenting the Legislative Medal of Honor for Law Enforcement Officers.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: COMMENDING LEANNA ROBERTS FOR GRADUATING FROM THE UNIVERSITY OF ALABAMA AT 16 YEARS OF AGE.. Description: COMMENDING LEANNA ROBERTS FOR GRADUATING FROM THE UNIVERSITY OF ALABAMA AT 16 YEARS OF AGE.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: CONGRATULATING KARMIN SCOTT FOR WINNING THE CLASS 1A GIRLS JAVELIN STATE CHAMPIONSHIP AT THE 2023 ALABAMA HIGH SCHOOL ATHLETIC ASSOCIATION CLASS 1A-3A OUTDOOR TRACK AND FIELD CHAMPIONSHIPS.. Description: CONGRATULATING KARMIN SCOTT FOR WINNING THE CLASS 1A GIRLS JAVELIN STATE CHAMPIONSHIP AT THE 2023 ALABAMA HIGH SCHOOL ATHLETIC ASSOCIATION CLASS 1A-3A OUTDOOR TRACK AND FIELD CHAMPIONSHIPS.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: HONORING COLONEL KESLER WEAVER, JR. FOR ACHIEVING THE RANK OF COLONEL IN THE ALABAMA ARMY NATIONAL GUARD.. Description: HONORING COLONEL KESLER WEAVER, JR. FOR ACHIEVING THE RANK OF COLONEL IN THE ALABAMA ARMY NATIONAL GUARD.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: COMMENDING COACH CARVEL WILLIAM ROWELL, JR. FOR BEING INDUCTED INTO THE THOMASVILLE HIGH SCHOOL SPORTS HALL OF FAME.. Description: COMMENDING COACH CARVEL WILLIAM ROWELL, JR. FOR BEING INDUCTED INTO THE THOMASVILLE HIGH SCHOOL SPORTS HALL OF FAME.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: COMMENDING CHANDLER HAYES STEPHENSON FOR ATTAINING THE RANK OF EAGLE SCOUT IN THE BOY SCOUTS OF AMERICA.. Description: COMMENDING CHANDLER HAYES STEPHENSON FOR ATTAINING THE RANK OF EAGLE SCOUT IN THE BOY SCOUTS OF AMERICA.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: CREATING THE OVERSIGHT COMMISSION ON ALABAMA OPIOID SETTLEMENT FUNDS.. Description: CREATING THE OVERSIGHT COMMISSION ON ALABAMA OPIOID SETTLEMENT FUNDS.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: COMMENDING HUNTSVILLE, ALABAMA, AND U.S. PARALYMPICS CYCLING FOR HOSTING THE UCI 2023 PARA-CYCLING ROAD WORLD CUP FINAL AND WELCOMING THE ATHLETES WHO WILL COMPETE IN THE EVENT.. Description: COMMENDING HUNTSVILLE, ALABAMA, AND U.S. PARALYMPICS CYCLING FOR HOSTING THE UCI 2023 PARA-CYCLING ROAD WORLD CUP FINAL AND WELCOMING THE ATHLETES WHO WILL COMPETE IN THE EVENT.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: HONORING THE MEMBERS OF THE CHEROKEE COUNTY RESCUE SERVICE, INCORPORATED.. Description: HONORING THE MEMBERS OF THE CHEROKEE COUNTY RESCUE SERVICE, INCORPORATED.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: CREATING THE JOINT INTERIM STUDY COMMISSION ON GRANDPARENTS RAISING GRANDCHILDREN.. Description: CREATING THE JOINT INTERIM STUDY COMMISSION ON GRANDPARENTS RAISING GRANDCHILDREN.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: CONGRATULATING THE GLENWOOD SCHOOL BASEBALL TEAM FOR WINNING THE 2023 ALABAMA INDEPENDENT SCHOOL ASSOCIATION CLASS 3A STATE BASEBALL CHAMPIONSHIP.. Description: CONGRATULATING THE GLENWOOD SCHOOL BASEBALL TEAM FOR WINNING THE 2023 ALABAMA INDEPENDENT SCHOOL ASSOCIATION CLASS 3A STATE BASEBALL CHAMPIONSHIP.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: COMMENDING PHI BETA SIGMA FRATERNITY, INCORPORATED, AND ZETA PHI BETA SORORITY, INCORPORATED, FOR THEIR SERVICE IN THEIR COMMUNITIES AND NATIONWIDE.. Description: COMMENDING PHI BETA SIGMA FRATERNITY, INCORPORATED, AND ZETA PHI BETA SORORITY, INCORPORATED, FOR THEIR SERVICE IN THEIR COMMUNITIES AND NATIONWIDE.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: CELEBRATING THE LIFE OF PASTOR DR. HARRY L. REEDER III.. Description: CELEBRATING THE LIFE OF PASTOR DR. HARRY L. REEDER III.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: DESIGNATING A PORTION OF INTERSTATE 22 AS THE JAMES D. "SPIKE" BROWN MEMORIAL HIGHWAY.. Description: DESIGNATING A PORTION OF INTERSTATE 22 AS THE JAMES D. "SPIKE" BROWN MEMORIAL HIGHWAY.
In 2023, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: CREATING THE JOINT INTERIM STUDY COMMISSION ON PROTECTING CHILDREN FROM INTERNET PORNOGRAPHY.. Description: CREATING THE JOINT INTERIM STUDY COMMISSION ON PROTECTING CHILDREN FROM INTERNET PORNOGRAPHY.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: COMMENDING NYLA JACKSON ON RECEIVING THE CLEOPHUS THOMAS AWARD.. Description: COMMENDING NYLA JACKSON ON RECEIVING THE CLEOPHUS THOMAS AWARD.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: RECOGNIZING THE 2023 NAVY SEAL FOUNDATION NEW YORK CITY SEAL SWIM.. Description: RECOGNIZING THE 2023 NAVY SEAL FOUNDATION NEW YORK CITY SEAL SWIM.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: HONORING THE ACCOMPLISHMENTS OF THE WETUMPKA HIGH SCHOOL VARSITY SOFTBALL TEAM.. Description: HONORING THE ACCOMPLISHMENTS OF THE WETUMPKA HIGH SCHOOL VARSITY SOFTBALL TEAM.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: HONORING NORTH ALABAMA STUDENTS WHO PARTICIPATED IN THE 2023 AMERICAN ROCKETRY CHALLENGE NATIONAL FINALS.. Description: HONORING NORTH ALABAMA STUDENTS WHO PARTICIPATED IN THE 2023 AMERICAN ROCKETRY CHALLENGE NATIONAL FINALS.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: ESTABLISHING THE JOINT STUDY COMMISSION ON GROCERY TAXATION.. Description: ESTABLISHING THE JOINT STUDY COMMISSION ON GROCERY TAXATION.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: HONORING THE ACCOMPLISHMENTS OF THE HOLTVILLE HIGH SCHOOL VARISTY BASEBALL TEAM.. Description: HONORING THE ACCOMPLISHMENTS OF THE HOLTVILLE HIGH SCHOOL VARISTY BASEBALL TEAM.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: HONORING KAYDEN SLAY FOR BEING NAMED THE ALABAMA HIGH SCHOOL ATHLETIC ASSOCIATION CLASS 5A HIGH JUMP CHAMPION.. Description: HONORING KAYDEN SLAY FOR BEING NAMED THE ALABAMA HIGH SCHOOL ATHLETIC ASSOCIATION CLASS 5A HIGH JUMP CHAMPION.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: HONORING MRS. JOSEPHINE VIOLA WALKER WALTON ON HER 100TH BIRTHDAY.. Description: HONORING MRS. JOSEPHINE VIOLA WALKER WALTON ON HER 100TH BIRTHDAY.
In 2023, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: COMMITTEE APPOINTED TO NOTIFY GOVERNOR THAT THE LEGISLATURE IS IN SESSION.. Description: COMMITTEE APPOINTED TO NOTIFY GOVERNOR THAT THE LEGISLATURE IS IN SESSION.
In 2023, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: COMMITTEE APPOINTED TO ESCORT GOVERNOR TO JOINT SESSION OF THE LEGISLATURE.. Description: COMMITTEE APPOINTED TO ESCORT GOVERNOR TO JOINT SESSION OF THE LEGISLATURE.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: RECOGNIZING MARCH AS WOMEN'S HISTORY MONTH AND HONORING THE WOMEN OF ALABAMA.. Description: RECOGNIZING MARCH AS WOMEN'S HISTORY MONTH AND HONORING THE WOMEN OF ALABAMA.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: COMMENDING U.S. SENATOR RICHARD SHELBY FOR HIS DEDICATED SERVICE TO THE STATE OF ALABAMA.. Description: COMMENDING U.S. SENATOR RICHARD SHELBY FOR HIS DEDICATED SERVICE TO THE STATE OF ALABAMA.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: EXPRESSING SUPPORT FOR OFFSHORE OIL AND NATURAL GAS LEASING AND DEVELOPMENT.. Description: EXPRESSING SUPPORT FOR OFFSHORE OIL AND NATURAL GAS LEASING AND DEVELOPMENT.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: NAMING THE BRIDGE ON ALABAMA STATE HIGHWAY ROUTE 25 THAT SPANS UNITED STATES HIGHWAY ROUTE 82 IN BIBB COUNTY, ALABAMA, THE DEPUTY BRAD JOHNSON MEMORIAL BRIDGE.. Description: NAMING THE BRIDGE ON ALABAMA STATE HIGHWAY ROUTE 25 THAT SPANS UNITED STATES HIGHWAY ROUTE 82 IN BIBB COUNTY, ALABAMA, THE DEPUTY BRAD JOHNSON MEMORIAL BRIDGE.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: HONORING THE 75TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE STATE OF ISRAEL AND REAFFIRMING THE BONDS OF FRIENDSHIP AND COOPERATION BETWEEN ALABAMA AND ISRAEL.. Description: HONORING THE 75TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE STATE OF ISRAEL AND REAFFIRMING THE BONDS OF FRIENDSHIP AND COOPERATION BETWEEN ALABAMA AND ISRAEL.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: RECOGNIZING THE ALABMA RIVER AS AN ALABAMA STATE LANDMARK ON RIVERS OF ALABAMA DAY ON APRIL 11, 2023.. Description: RECOGNIZING THE ALABMA RIVER AS AN ALABAMA STATE LANDMARK ON RIVERS OF ALABAMA DAY ON APRIL 11, 2023.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: DESIGNATING THE BRIDGE ON ALABAMA STATE HIGHWAY ROUTE 158 THAT SPANS LOTT ROAD IN MOBILE COUNTY AS THE MELVIN E. PIERCE MEMORIAL BRIDGE.. Description: DESIGNATING THE BRIDGE ON ALABAMA STATE HIGHWAY ROUTE 158 THAT SPANS LOTT ROAD IN MOBILE COUNTY AS THE MELVIN E. PIERCE MEMORIAL BRIDGE.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: HONORING THE PRATTVILLE AREA CHAMBER OF COMMERCE ON ITS 50TH ANNIVERSARY.. Description: HONORING THE PRATTVILLE AREA CHAMBER OF COMMERCE ON ITS 50TH ANNIVERSARY.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: DESIGNATING THE BRIDGE ON MCFARLAND BOULEVARD THAT SPANS INTERSTATE 20 AND INTERSTATE 59 AS THE LUTHER STANCEL PATE III MEMORIAL BRIDGE.. Description: DESIGNATING THE BRIDGE ON MCFARLAND BOULEVARD THAT SPANS INTERSTATE 20 AND INTERSTATE 59 AS THE LUTHER STANCEL PATE III MEMORIAL BRIDGE.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: COMMENDING NUCOR STEEL DECATUR AND DECATUR RELAY FOR LIFE FOR BEING THE NUMBER ONE RELAY FOR LIFE EVENT FOR THE AMERICAN CANCER SOCIETY WORLDWIDE.. Description: COMMENDING NUCOR STEEL DECATUR AND DECATUR RELAY FOR LIFE FOR BEING THE NUMBER ONE RELAY FOR LIFE EVENT FOR THE AMERICAN CANCER SOCIETY WORLDWIDE.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: COMMENDING MR. JOSEPH P. BORG FOR OUTSTANDING SERVICE TO HIS COUNTRY AND THE STATE OF ALABAMA.. Description: COMMENDING MR. JOSEPH P. BORG FOR OUTSTANDING SERVICE TO HIS COUNTRY AND THE STATE OF ALABAMA.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: COMMENDING COACH JANA MCGINNIS FOR WINNING 1,000 GAMES AS THE HEAD SOFTBALL COACH AT JACKSONVILLE STATE UNIVERSITY.. Description: COMMENDING COACH JANA MCGINNIS FOR WINNING 1,000 GAMES AS THE HEAD SOFTBALL COACH AT JACKSONVILLE STATE UNIVERSITY.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: CREATING THE JOINT INTERIM STUDY COMMISSION ON RESPONSIBLE TECHNOLOGY PURCHASES BY PUBLIC EDUCATION.. Description: CREATING THE JOINT INTERIM STUDY COMMISSION ON RESPONSIBLE TECHNOLOGY PURCHASES BY PUBLIC EDUCATION.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: MOURNING THE DEATH OF MRS. PATRICIA CAMP FAULKNER.. Description: MOURNING THE DEATH OF MRS. PATRICIA CAMP FAULKNER.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: MOURNING THE DEATH AND CELEBRATING THE LIFE OF OFFICER GARRETT COULTER CRUMBY.. Description: MOURNING THE DEATH AND CELEBRATING THE LIFE OF OFFICER GARRETT COULTER CRUMBY.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: COMMENDING JOHN AND ANN BOUTWELL FOR BEING AWARDED THE INAUGURAL DANIEL PRATT INDUSTRIALIST AWARD.. Description: COMMENDING JOHN AND ANN BOUTWELL FOR BEING AWARDED THE INAUGURAL DANIEL PRATT INDUSTRIALIST AWARD.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Foster, Joseph E., death mourned. Description: Foster, Joseph E., death mourned
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: MOURNING THE DEATH AND CELEBRATING THE LIFE OF JAMES  BUFORD BOONE, JR.. Description: MOURNING THE DEATH AND CELEBRATING THE LIFE OF JAMES  BUFORD BOONE, JR.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: CELEBRATING THE RETIREMENT OF CHIEF JIMMIE FLANAGAN.. Description: CELEBRATING THE RETIREMENT OF CHIEF JIMMIE FLANAGAN.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: COMMENDING JIMMIE CARROL WALKER FOR HIS LIFETIME OF SERVICE TO THE CITIZENS OF FALKVILLE.. Description: COMMENDING JIMMIE CARROL WALKER FOR HIS LIFETIME OF SERVICE TO THE CITIZENS OF FALKVILLE.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: COMMENDING COACH JANA MCGINNIS FOR WINNING 1,000 GAMES AS THE HEAD SOFTBALL COACH AT JACKSONVILLE STATE UNIVERSITY.. Description: COMMENDING COACH JANA MCGINNIS FOR WINNING 1,000 GAMES AS THE HEAD SOFTBALL COACH AT JACKSONVILLE STATE UNIVERSITY.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: COMMENDING ALABAMA'S 2022 RECORD EXPORT SALES AND RECOGNIZING ALABAMA'S INTERNATIONAL TRADE AND EXPORT PROFESSIONSALS, TRADE PARTERNSHIPS, AND ALABMA BUSINESSES THAT EXPORT THEIR PRODUCTS.. Description: COMMENDING ALABAMA'S 2022 RECORD EXPORT SALES AND RECOGNIZING ALABAMA'S INTERNATIONAL TRADE AND EXPORT PROFESSIONSALS, TRADE PARTERNSHIPS, AND ALABMA BUSINESSES THAT EXPORT THEIR PRODUCTS.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: HONORING THE LIFE OF MR. BARTLEY EUGENE TOMLINSON III.. Description: HONORING THE LIFE OF MR. BARTLEY EUGENE TOMLINSON III.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: COMMENDING MR. JIM PAGE ON HIS PROFESSIONAL  ACCOMPLISHMENTS.. Description: COMMENDING MR. JIM PAGE ON HIS PROFESSIONAL  ACCOMPLISHMENTS.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: MOURNING THE DEATHS OF MARC GANN AND SAMUEL ADAM RUSSELL.. Description: MOURNING THE DEATHS OF MARC GANN AND SAMUEL ADAM RUSSELL.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: SUPPORTING THE WEEK OF APRIL 30 - MAY 6, 2023, AS NATIONAL SMALL BUSINESS WEEK AND COMMENDING SMALL BUSINESS OWNERS OF ALABAMA.. Description: SUPPORTING THE WEEK OF APRIL 30 - MAY 6, 2023, AS NATIONAL SMALL BUSINESS WEEK AND COMMENDING SMALL BUSINESS OWNERS OF ALABAMA.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: COMMENDING RODNEY E. HOOD ON HIS OUTSTANDING PROFESSIONAL ACHIEVEMENT.. Description: COMMENDING RODNEY E. HOOD ON HIS OUTSTANDING PROFESSIONAL ACHIEVEMENT.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: CELEBRATING THE LIFE OF MRS. BETTY BAILEY SHIRLEY.. Description: CELEBRATING THE LIFE OF MRS. BETTY BAILEY SHIRLEY.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: COMMENDING MS. SUZANNE RESPESS FOR PROFESSIONAL  ACHIEVEMENTS.. Description: COMMENDING MS. SUZANNE RESPESS FOR PROFESSIONAL  ACHIEVEMENTS.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: COMMENDING MRS. DARLENE A. NEGROTTO FOR PROFESSIONAL  ACHIEVEMENTS.. Description: COMMENDING MRS. DARLENE A. NEGROTTO FOR PROFESSIONAL  ACHIEVEMENTS.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: William Dice Lineberry, Commended. Description: William Dice Lineberry, Commended
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: MOURNING THE DEATH OF MS. AMY FRANCES HERRING.. Description: MOURNING THE DEATH OF MS. AMY FRANCES HERRING.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: COMMEMORATING THE 77TH SOUTHERN LEGISLATIVE CONFERENCE OF THE COUNCIL OF STATE GOVERNMENTS SOUTHERN OFFICE.. Description: COMMEMORATING THE 77TH SOUTHERN LEGISLATIVE CONFERENCE OF THE COUNCIL OF STATE GOVERNMENTS SOUTHERN OFFICE.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: COMMENDING SENATOR J.T. "JABO" WAGGONER ON THE HISTORIC OCCASION OF HIS 50TH YEAR OF SERVICE TO THE CITIZENS AND THE LEGISLATURE OF THE STATE OF ALABAMA.. Description: COMMENDING SENATOR J.T. "JABO" WAGGONER ON THE HISTORIC OCCASION OF HIS 50TH YEAR OF SERVICE TO THE CITIZENS AND THE LEGISLATURE OF THE STATE OF ALABAMA.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: MOURNING THE DEATH OF MR. GUY EDWARD MOMAN, JR.. Description: MOURNING THE DEATH OF MR. GUY EDWARD MOMAN, JR.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: COMMENDING MR. PAUL HOUSEL FOR PROFESSIONAL ACHIEVEMENTS.. Description: COMMENDING MR. PAUL HOUSEL FOR PROFESSIONAL ACHIEVEMENTS.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: COMMENDING THE BIRMINGHAM ASSOCIATION OF REALTORS® FOR THE SUCCESSFUL FAIR HOUSING MONTH 55TH ANNIVERSARY PROCLAMATION TOUR.. Description: COMMENDING THE BIRMINGHAM ASSOCIATION OF REALTORS® FOR THE SUCCESSFUL FAIR HOUSING MONTH 55TH ANNIVERSARY PROCLAMATION TOUR.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: HONORING DR. MICHAEL DOUGLAS AS THE 2023 BLUE RIBBON SCHOOLS OF EXCELLENCE SUPERINTENDENT OF THE YEAR.. Description: HONORING DR. MICHAEL DOUGLAS AS THE 2023 BLUE RIBBON SCHOOLS OF EXCELLENCE SUPERINTENDENT OF THE YEAR.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: SJR Commending Mr. Jeff Norris for Outstanding Professional Achievement.. Description: SJR Commending Mr. Jeff Norris for Outstanding Professional Achievement.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: COMMENDING MRS. JEANA ROSS FOR BEING INDUCTED INTO THE UNIVERSITY OF ALABAMA COLLEGE OF EDUCATION 2023 HALL OF FAME.. Description: COMMENDING MRS. JEANA ROSS FOR BEING INDUCTED INTO THE UNIVERSITY OF ALABAMA COLLEGE OF EDUCATION 2023 HALL OF FAME.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: NAMING THE PORTION OF UNITED STATES HIGHWAY ROUTE 43 FROM MILE MARKER 212 TO MILE MARKER 213 THE AUDRA ROGERS MEMORIAL MILE.. Description: NAMING THE PORTION OF UNITED STATES HIGHWAY ROUTE 43 FROM MILE MARKER 212 TO MILE MARKER 213 THE AUDRA ROGERS MEMORIAL MILE.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: MOURNING THE DEATH AND CELEBRATING THE LIFE OF COMMISSIONER W.O. PACE.           WHEREAS, we note the death of Commissioner W.O. "Bill" Pace with deep sadness and regret; his immeasurable life is commended and celebrated with great thanksgiving; and  	WHEREAS, the passing of Commissioner Pace leaves a void in the lives of his loving family, many friends, and the entire community; and  	WHEREAS, Commissioner Pace was 90-years-old at the time of his passing and is survived by his beloved wife of 50 years, Helen Monfee Pace; he is also survived by four children and numerous grandchildren, great-grandchildren, nieces, and nephews; and  	WHEREAS, Commissioner Pace was born in Deatsville, Alabama, on September 1, 1932, and graduated from Sidney Lanier High School in 1951; and  	WHEREAS, Commissioner Pace joined the Air Force and served his country as a member of the United States Air Force, serving his country in the Korean War Conflict; and  	WHEREAS, Commissioner Pace served on the Autauga County Commission and served as Commission Chairman from 1990 until 1994; and  	WHEREAS, under Commissioner Pace's leadership, many projects to benefit the citizens of Autauga County were started or continued; these projects include the Tenaska plant located in Autauga County, the Robert Trent Golf Trail located in Prattville, the construction of the Autauga Metro Jail, the construction of the Probate Office, and other meaningful projects which continue to enrich the lives of Autauga County citizens; and  	WHEREAS, Commissioner Pace served as a Board Member for the Department of Youth Services; and  	WHEREAS, Commissioner Pace leaves a long legacy of leadership and support for the citizens of Autauga County, including serving as a founder of Autauga Academy and as the first football coach at the school; and  	WHEREAS, Commissioner Pace's legacy of leadership includes his daughter, Judge Joy Pace Booth, following in his footsteps of service to Autauga County by first serving as a District Court Judge for Autauga County and now as a Circuit Court Judge for the 19th Judicial Circuit, which includes Autauga County; and  	WHEREAS, through the years, Commissioner Pace exhibited tireless dedication and exceptional abilities in his personal life, professional life, and service to the citizens of Autauga County; and  	WHEREAS, Commissioner Pace was a valued member of the community; although he will be greatly missed, his memory will be cherished in the hearts and minds of all who were fortunate enough to know him; now therefore,          B. Description: MOURNING THE DEATH AND CELEBRATING THE LIFE OF COMMISSIONER W.O. PACE.           WHEREAS, we note the death of Commissioner W.O. "Bill" Pace with deep sadness and regret; his immeasurable life is commended and celebrated with great thanksgiving; and  	WHEREAS, the passing of Commissioner Pace leaves a void in the lives of his loving family, many friends, and the entire community; and  	WHEREAS, Commissioner Pace was 90-years-old at the time of his passing and is survived by his beloved wife of 50 years, Helen Monfee Pace; he is also survived by four children and numerous grandchildren, great-grandchildren, nieces, and nephews; and  	WHEREAS, Commissioner Pace was born in Deatsville, Alabama, on September 1, 1932, and graduated from Sidney Lanier High School in 1951; and  	WHEREAS, Commissioner Pace joined the Air Force and served his country as a member of the United States Air Force, serving his country in the Korean War Conflict; and  	WHEREAS, Commissioner Pace served on the Autauga County Commission and served as Commission Chairman from 1990 until 1994; and  	WHEREAS, under Commissioner Pace's leadership, many projects to benefit the citizens of Autauga County were started or continued; these projects include the Tenaska plant located in Autauga County, the Robert Trent Golf Trail located in Prattville, the construction of the Autauga Metro Jail, the construction of the Probate Office, and other meaningful projects which continue to enrich the lives of Autauga County citizens; and  	WHEREAS, Commissioner Pace served as a Board Member for the Department of Youth Services; and  	WHEREAS, Commissioner Pace leaves a long legacy of leadership and support for the citizens of Autauga County, including serving as a founder of Autauga Academy and as the first football coach at the school; and  	WHEREAS, Commissioner Pace's legacy of leadership includes his daughter, Judge Joy Pace Booth, following in his footsteps of service to Autauga County by first serving as a District Court Judge for Autauga County and now as a Circuit Court Judge for the 19th Judicial Circuit, which includes Autauga County; and  	WHEREAS, through the years, Commissioner Pace exhibited tireless dedication and exceptional abilities in his personal life, professional life, and service to the citizens of Autauga County; and  	WHEREAS, Commissioner Pace was a valued member of the community; although he will be greatly missed, his memory will be cherished in the hearts and minds of all who were fortunate enough to know him; now therefore,          B
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: CELEBRATING THE ALABAMA DELTA DAYS ON MAY 11, 2023.. Description: CELEBRATING THE ALABAMA DELTA DAYS ON MAY 11, 2023.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: COMMENDING THE BARON CRITICAL WEATHER INSTITUTE AND ITS FOUNDER, PRESIDENT, AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, BOB BARON.. Description: COMMENDING THE BARON CRITICAL WEATHER INSTITUTE AND ITS FOUNDER, PRESIDENT, AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, BOB BARON.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: ESTABLISHING THE JOINT STUDY COMMISSION ON FERAL SWINE IN ALABAMA.. Description: ESTABLISHING THE JOINT STUDY COMMISSION ON FERAL SWINE IN ALABAMA.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: HONORING MR. JOHN ALLISON TEAGUE, SR. FOR PROFESSIONAL ACHIEVEMENTS.. Description: HONORING MR. JOHN ALLISON TEAGUE, SR. FOR PROFESSIONAL ACHIEVEMENTS.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: HONORING THE LIFETIME ACHIEVEMENTS OF MR. DERRILL BOOTH.. Description: HONORING THE LIFETIME ACHIEVEMENTS OF MR. DERRILL BOOTH.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: HONORING MR. JOHN ALLISON TEAGUE, SR. FOR PROFESSIONAL ACHIEVEMENTS.. Description: HONORING MR. JOHN ALLISON TEAGUE, SR. FOR PROFESSIONAL ACHIEVEMENTS.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: OBSERVING JULY 20. Description: OBSERVING JULY 20
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: UPHOLDING THE LANGUAGE OF THE FEDERAL INDIAN ARTS AND CRAFTS ACT IN REGARD TO STATE RECOGNIZED INDIAN TRIBES.. Description: UPHOLDING THE LANGUAGE OF THE FEDERAL INDIAN ARTS AND CRAFTS ACT IN REGARD TO STATE RECOGNIZED INDIAN TRIBES.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: COMMENDING CARTER CATTLE COMPANY FOR BEING NAMED THE 2022 NATIONAL ENVIRONMENTAL STEWARDSHIP AWARD PROGRAM WINNER.. Description: COMMENDING CARTER CATTLE COMPANY FOR BEING NAMED THE 2022 NATIONAL ENVIRONMENTAL STEWARDSHIP AWARD PROGRAM WINNER.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: URGING THE ALABAMA DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION TO PRIORITIZE THE WIDENING OF INTERSTATE 65.. Description: URGING THE ALABAMA DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION TO PRIORITIZE THE WIDENING OF INTERSTATE 65.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: MOURNING THE DEATH OF MR. GEORGE COOLEY FRANKS.. Description: MOURNING THE DEATH OF MR. GEORGE COOLEY FRANKS.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: RECOGNIZING ALABAMA'S TECHNOLOGY WORKFORCE AND ITS ECONOMIC CONTRIBUTIONS TO THE STATE.. Description: RECOGNIZING ALABAMA'S TECHNOLOGY WORKFORCE AND ITS ECONOMIC CONTRIBUTIONS TO THE STATE.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: NAMING THE SENATOR TRIP PITTMAN INTERCHANGE IN BALDWIN COUNTY.. Description: NAMING THE SENATOR TRIP PITTMAN INTERCHANGE IN BALDWIN COUNTY.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: CONTINUING THE DUTIES OF THE LIEUTENANT GOVERNOR'S COMMISSION ON 21ST CENTURY WORKFORCE.. Description: CONTINUING THE DUTIES OF THE LIEUTENANT GOVERNOR'S COMMISSION ON 21ST CENTURY WORKFORCE.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: NAMING A PORTION OF HIGHWAY 82 IN BULLOCK COUNTY IN HONOR OF CHIEF MASTER SERGEANT JOE HAROLD ADAMS.. Description: NAMING A PORTION OF HIGHWAY 82 IN BULLOCK COUNTY IN HONOR OF CHIEF MASTER SERGEANT JOE HAROLD ADAMS.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: CELEBRATING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF THE HONORABLE GEORGE PATRICK EVANS.. Description: CELEBRATING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF THE HONORABLE GEORGE PATRICK EVANS.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: DECLARING CULLMAN COUNTY STRAWBERRY FESTIVAL AS THE ALABAMA STATE STRAWBERRY FESTIVAL.. Description: DECLARING CULLMAN COUNTY STRAWBERRY FESTIVAL AS THE ALABAMA STATE STRAWBERRY FESTIVAL.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: MOURNING THE DEATH OF MR. LYNN CURRY FOWLER.. Description: MOURNING THE DEATH OF MR. LYNN CURRY FOWLER.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: EXPRESSING SUPPORT. Description: EXPRESSING SUPPORT
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: DESIGNATING JOHN WADE KEYES AS ONE OF ALABAMA'S FIRST VETERANS.. Description: DESIGNATING JOHN WADE KEYES AS ONE OF ALABAMA'S FIRST VETERANS.
In 2023, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: CREATING THE MIXED SPIRIT BEVERAGE TASK FORCE.. Description: CREATING THE MIXED SPIRIT BEVERAGE TASK FORCE.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: COMMENDING LIN MOORE FOR OUTSTANDING PROFESSIONAL ACHIEVEMENT.. Description: COMMENDING LIN MOORE FOR OUTSTANDING PROFESSIONAL ACHIEVEMENT.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: REAFFIRMING REDSTONE ARSENAL IN HUNTSVILLE, ALABAMA, AS THE BEST PERMANENT LOCATION FOR THE HEADQUARTERS OF THE U.S. SPACE COMMAND TO ADVANCE OUR NATION'S VITAL NATIONAL SECURITY.. Description: REAFFIRMING REDSTONE ARSENAL IN HUNTSVILLE, ALABAMA, AS THE BEST PERMANENT LOCATION FOR THE HEADQUARTERS OF THE U.S. SPACE COMMAND TO ADVANCE OUR NATION'S VITAL NATIONAL SECURITY.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: CREATING THE MIXED SPIRIT BEVERAGE TASK FORCE.. Description: CREATING THE MIXED SPIRIT BEVERAGE TASK FORCE.
In 2023, Alabama passed a bill titled: CONGRATULATING THE VESTAVIA HILLS HIGH SCHOOL BASEBALL TEAM FOR WINNING THE 2023 ALABAMA HIGH SCHOOL ATHLETIC ASSOCIATION CLASS 7A STATE BASEBALL CHAMPIONSHIP.. Description: CONGRATULATING THE VESTAVIA HILLS HIGH SCHOOL BASEBALL TEAM FOR WINNING THE 2023 ALABAMA HIGH SCHOOL ATHLETIC ASSOCIATION CLASS 7A STATE BASEBALL CHAMPIONSHIP.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: U.S. Congressional, districts redrawn, Sec. 17-14-70 repealed; Sec. 17-14-70 added. Description: U.S. Congressional, districts redrawn, Sec. 17-14-70 repealed; Sec. 17-14-70 added
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: House, districts redrawn, Sec. 29-1-2.3 repealed; Sec. 29-1-2.3 added. Description: House, districts redrawn, Sec. 29-1-2.3 repealed; Sec. 29-1-2.3 added
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Appropriations, supplemental appropriation of federal funds from the American Rescue Plan Act - Coronavirus State Fiscal Recovery Fund to the Department of Finance for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2022.. Description: Appropriations, supplemental appropriation of federal funds from the American Rescue Plan Act - Coronavirus State Fiscal Recovery Fund to the Department of Finance for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2022.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Mask, Mitchell Barton, death mourned. Description: Mask, Mitchell Barton, death mourned
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Senate, districts redrawn, Sec. 29-1-2.3 repealed; Sec. 29-1-2.3 added. Description: Senate, districts redrawn, Sec. 29-1-2.3 repealed; Sec. 29-1-2.3 added
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Board of Education, State, districts redrawn, Sec. 16-3-1.1 repealed; Sec. 16-3-1.1 added. Description: Board of Education, State, districts redrawn, Sec. 16-3-1.1 repealed; Sec. 16-3-1.1 added
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Appropriations, supplemental appropriation of federal funds from the American Rescue Plan Act - Coronavirus State Fiscal Recovery Fund to the Department of Finance for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2022.. Description: Appropriations, supplemental appropriation of federal funds from the American Rescue Plan Act - Coronavirus State Fiscal Recovery Fund to the Department of Finance for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2022.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Vaccines, exemption from COVID-19 vaccination for medical reasons or religious belief, submission of a form requesting the exemption. Description: Vaccines, exemption from COVID-19 vaccination for medical reasons or religious belief, submission of a form requesting the exemption
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Hale Co., sheriff, use of debit or credit card provided for. Description: Hale Co., sheriff, use of debit or credit card provided for
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Vaccine mandates, prohibited unless federally required, vaccine exemption for medical and religious reasons created, parental consent for minor to receive COVID-19 vaccine required. Description: Vaccine mandates, prohibited unless federally required, vaccine exemption for medical and religious reasons created, parental consent for minor to receive COVID-19 vaccine required
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Etowah County, lodging tax, distribution to the Etowah County Tourism Board, Sec. 45-28-91.02 am'd.. Description: Etowah County, lodging tax, distribution to the Etowah County Tourism Board, Sec. 45-28-91.02 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Etowah County, Mega Sports Complex Authority, membership, distribution, treatment of debt, and rountine audits provided further, Sec. 45-28-22.03 am'd.. Description: Etowah County, Mega Sports Complex Authority, membership, distribution, treatment of debt, and rountine audits provided further, Sec. 45-28-22.03 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Albertville, alcoholic beverages, entertainment districts, established in certain historic villages in city, open containers from licensees authorized. Description: Albertville, alcoholic beverages, entertainment districts, established in certain historic villages in city, open containers from licensees authorized
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: House of Representatives, Senate notified that House is in session and ready to transact business. Description: House of Representatives, Senate notified that House is in session and ready to transact business
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: High, Alaya, commended. Description: High, Alaya, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Woods, James M., commended. Description: Woods, James M., commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Paschal, Daisy Lois, commended. Description: Paschal, Daisy Lois, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Real Men Wear Pink, commended. Description: Real Men Wear Pink, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Real Men Wear Pink, commended. Description: Real Men Wear Pink, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Hamilton, Palmer Clarkson, death mourned. Description: Hamilton, Palmer Clarkson, death mourned
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Biden Administration Tax Information Reporting proposal, Legislature opposes. Description: Biden Administration Tax Information Reporting proposal, Legislature opposes
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Lavender, Larry Albert, death mourned. Description: Lavender, Larry Albert, death mourned
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Colvin, Claudette, urging State of Alabama to expunge record of. Description: Colvin, Claudette, urging State of Alabama to expunge record of
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Hobbs, Jessie Howard, III., death mourned. Description: Hobbs, Jessie Howard, III., death mourned
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Victims of Agent Orange, honored. Description: Victims of Agent Orange, honored
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Mountain Brook High School Volleyball team, commended. Description: Mountain Brook High School Volleyball team, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Cairl, Bettie Jo, death mourned. Description: Cairl, Bettie Jo, death mourned
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Sharpe, Jacob Aiden, commended. Description: Sharpe, Jacob Aiden, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Martin, William Mack, death mourned. Description: Martin, William Mack, death mourned
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Risner, Nick, posthumously honored. Description: Risner, Nick, posthumously honored
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Bryant, Jimmie Rose Foreman, death mourned. Description: Bryant, Jimmie Rose Foreman, death mourned
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: McCaulley, Esau, commended. Description: McCaulley, Esau, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Lambda Zeta Zeta Chapter of Zeta Phi Beta Sorority, Inc., commended. Description: Lambda Zeta Zeta Chapter of Zeta Phi Beta Sorority, Inc., commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Wheeling Chapel Missionary Baptist Church, 128th anniversary, commended. Description: Wheeling Chapel Missionary Baptist Church, 128th anniversary, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Senate, House of Representatives notified that Senate is in session and ready to transact business. Description: Senate, House of Representatives notified that Senate is in session and ready to transact business
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Colvin, Claudette, urging State of Alabama to expunge record of. Description: Colvin, Claudette, urging State of Alabama to expunge record of
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Governor, committee appointed to notify that Legislature is in session. Description: Governor, committee appointed to notify that Legislature is in session
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Fuller, Joe Edward, death mourned. Description: Fuller, Joe Edward, death mourned
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Natural Bridge Parkway, portion of State Highway 13, named. Description: Natural Bridge Parkway, portion of State Highway 13, named
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Clif, Roberts, commended. Description: Clif, Roberts, commended
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Captain Roland Walker, recognized. Description: Captain Roland Walker, recognized
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Schjott, Samuel D., death mourned. Description: Schjott, Samuel D., death mourned
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Murphy, Kathy, commended. Description: Murphy, Kathy, commended
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Mandatory vaccination, american workers, condemning federal executive actions requiring vaccinations. Description: Mandatory vaccination, american workers, condemning federal executive actions requiring vaccinations
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Officer Richard H. Buckner Memorial Highway, named. Description: Officer Richard H. Buckner Memorial Highway, named
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Brackin, Julian B., Jr., professional achievement, commended. Description: Brackin, Julian B., Jr., professional achievement, commended
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Governor, committee appointed to notify that Legislature is in session and ready for the transaction of business. Description: Governor, committee appointed to notify that Legislature is in session and ready for the transaction of business
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Vaccine mandate, opposing Biden administration on vaccine mandate. Description: Vaccine mandate, opposing Biden administration on vaccine mandate
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Hallman, Lee Allen, death mourned. Description: Hallman, Lee Allen, death mourned
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Brown, William Lamar, honored. Description: Brown, William Lamar, honored
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Green, Michael, commended. Description: Green, Michael, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Fuller, Joe Edward, death mourned. Description: Fuller, Joe Edward, death mourned
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Pardons and Paroles, mandatory supervised release of inmates, apply certain sentencing provisions to certain defendants, Sec. 15-22-26.2 am'd.. Description: Pardons and Paroles, mandatory supervised release of inmates, apply certain sentencing provisions to certain defendants, Sec. 15-22-26.2 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Alabama Corrections Institution Finance Authority, issuance of bonds for the finance, construction, and renovation of prisons, provided; membership of authority, further provided; phased approach to the construction of new prisons and the renovation or closure of old prisons, provided; Correctional Facilities Maintenance Fund and Department of Corrections - Correctional Capital Improvement Fund, created; Alabama Prison Repurposing Commission, required to study economic impact of any closure or possible repurposing of prison facility. Secs. 14-2-1, 14-2-6, 14-2-12, 14-2-13.1, 14-2-14, 14-2-16, 14-2-19, 14-2-21, 14-2-28, and 14-2-34, am'd.. Description: Alabama Corrections Institution Finance Authority, issuance of bonds for the finance, construction, and renovation of prisons, provided; membership of authority, further provided; phased approach to the construction of new prisons and the renovation or closure of old prisons, provided; Correctional Facilities Maintenance Fund and Department of Corrections - Correctional Capital Improvement Fund, created; Alabama Prison Repurposing Commission, required to study economic impact of any closure or possible repurposing of prison facility. Secs. 14-2-1, 14-2-6, 14-2-12, 14-2-13.1, 14-2-14, 14-2-16, 14-2-19, 14-2-21, 14-2-28, and 14-2-34, am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Corrections Department, correctional Capital Improvement Fund, appropriation of $400,000,000 from federal funds, American Rescue Act, for fiscal year ending September 30, 2022. Description: Corrections Department, correctional Capital Improvement Fund, appropriation of $400,000,000 from federal funds, American Rescue Act, for fiscal year ending September 30, 2022
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Franklin, Harold A., death mourned. Description: Franklin, Harold A., death mourned
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Educational technical professionals, commended. Description: Educational technical professionals, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Corrections Department, correctional Capital Improvement Fund, appropration from State General Fund of $135,000,000 appr. to Bureau of Pardons and Paroles of $19,000,000 for purchase of Perry County Correctional Facility for fiscal year September 30, 2022. Description: Corrections Department, correctional Capital Improvement Fund, appropration from State General Fund of $135,000,000 appr. to Bureau of Pardons and Paroles of $19,000,000 for purchase of Perry County Correctional Facility for fiscal year September 30, 2022
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Jackson Co., sheriff, salary increase, effective next term. Description: Jackson Co., sheriff, salary increase, effective next term
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Scottsboro, mayor and city council, and city board of education, terms extended, election date revised. Description: Scottsboro, mayor and city council, and city board of education, terms extended, election date revised
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: House of Representatives, Senate notified that House is in session and ready to transact business. Description: House of Representatives, Senate notified that House is in session and ready to transact business
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Batchelor, Cecil, honored. Description: Batchelor, Cecil, honored
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Allen, Lawrence James, Jr., commended. Description: Allen, Lawrence James, Jr., commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Betts, Ronnie Jefferson, death mourned. Description: Betts, Ronnie Jefferson, death mourned
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Adams, Luke, commended. Description: Adams, Luke, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Allers, John, commended. Description: Allers, John, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Merriweather, John, death mourned. Description: Merriweather, John, death mourned
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Mt. Laurel Elementary School, commended. Description: Mt. Laurel Elementary School, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Waldron, George J., III., death mourned. Description: Waldron, George J., III., death mourned
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Senate, House of Representatives notified that Senate is in session and ready to transact business. Description: Senate, House of Representatives notified that Senate is in session and ready to transact business
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Governor, committee appointed to notify that Legislature is in session. Description: Governor, committee appointed to notify that Legislature is in session
In 2021, Alabama enrolled a bill titled: Sgt. Rodney J. Evans, State Highway 55 South in Covington County, renamed in honor of. Description: Sgt. Rodney J. Evans, State Highway 55 South in Covington County, renamed in honor of
In 2021, Alabama enrolled a bill titled: Private First Class LaFelt Brannon Intersection, portion of U.S. Highway 84 in Sanford, named. Description: Private First Class LaFelt Brannon Intersection, portion of U.S. Highway 84 in Sanford, named
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Cellular phones, urging Congress to enact legislation for blocking cellular phone signals in prisons. Description: Cellular phones, urging Congress to enact legislation for blocking cellular phone signals in prisons
In 2021, Alabama enrolled a bill titled: Batchelor, Cecil, commended. Description: Batchelor, Cecil, commended
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Brackin, Julian B., Jr., professional achievement, commended. Description: Brackin, Julian B., Jr., professional achievement, commended
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Captain Roland Walker, recognized. Description: Captain Roland Walker, recognized
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Governor, committee appointed to notify that Legislature is in session and ready for the transaction of business. Description: Governor, committee appointed to notify that Legislature is in session and ready for the transaction of business
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Mathews, David, commended. Description: Mathews, David, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Controlled substances, Tianeptine and related compounds added to Schedule II, subject to criminal penalties , Sec. 20-2-25 am'd.. Description: Controlled substances, Tianeptine and related compounds added to Schedule II, subject to criminal penalties , Sec. 20-2-25 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Real Estate Commission, sunset law review, continued until Oct 1, 2023.. Description: Real Estate Commission, sunset law review, continued until Oct 1, 2023.
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Agricultural lime, required to be labeled with relative neutralizing value as defined, Secs. 2-23-2, 2-23-4 am'd.. Description: Agricultural lime, required to be labeled with relative neutralizing value as defined, Secs. 2-23-2, 2-23-4 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Cottage food production operations, baked goods and roasted coffees, exempt from obtaining food service permit from health department, labeling of baked goods, other food items, food safety course required, Sec. 22-20-5.1 am'd.. Description: Cottage food production operations, baked goods and roasted coffees, exempt from obtaining food service permit from health department, labeling of baked goods, other food items, food safety course required, Sec. 22-20-5.1 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Airport authorities, sales and use tax exemption, issuance of certificate of exemptions by Revenue Dept., Secs. 40-9-14.1, 40-9-60 am'd.. Description: Airport authorities, sales and use tax exemption, issuance of certificate of exemptions by Revenue Dept., Secs. 40-9-14.1, 40-9-60 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Taxation, to update the disbursement of certain license taxes and registration fees, Sec. 40-12-270 am'd.. Description: Taxation, to update the disbursement of certain license taxes and registration fees, Sec. 40-12-270 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Thompson, Unique, commended. Description: Thompson, Unique, commended
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: ALEA, felony drug trafficking wiretapping, interception of wire, oral, or electronic communications, Attorney General to authorize to apply for court order for intercept and to apply for intercept orders, disclosure of recorded communications, penalties for violations, Secs. 20-2A-1 to 20-2A-15, inclusive, added; Sec. 15-5-40 am'd. Description: ALEA, felony drug trafficking wiretapping, interception of wire, oral, or electronic communications, Attorney General to authorize to apply for court order for intercept and to apply for intercept orders, disclosure of recorded communications, penalties for violations, Secs. 20-2A-1 to 20-2A-15, inclusive, added; Sec. 15-5-40 am'd
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Criminal procedure, provide that a judge may use discretion in the length of sentence a defendant must serve if his or her probation is revoked, Sec. 15-18-8 am'd.. Description: Criminal procedure, provide that a judge may use discretion in the length of sentence a defendant must serve if his or her probation is revoked, Sec. 15-18-8 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Sentencing standards, to provide for resentencing of certain individuals convicted of nonviolent offenses, procedure for resentencing, Sec. 12-25-34.3 added.. Description: Sentencing standards, to provide for resentencing of certain individuals convicted of nonviolent offenses, procedure for resentencing, Sec. 12-25-34.3 added.
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Consumer Protection, Alabama State of Emergency Consumer Protection Act, enhanced criminal penalties provided under certain conditions, Sec. 13A-9-111.1 added; Sec. 13A-9-114, 34-14A-14, 34-31-32, 34-36-16, 34-37-17 am'd.. Description: Consumer Protection, Alabama State of Emergency Consumer Protection Act, enhanced criminal penalties provided under certain conditions, Sec. 13A-9-111.1 added; Sec. 13A-9-114, 34-14A-14, 34-31-32, 34-36-16, 34-37-17 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Insurance, reinsurance, regulation and credit against reserves, adoption of similar act to Credit for Reinsurance Model Law by Nat. Assoc. of Insurance Commissioners, Secs. 27-5B-8.1, 27-5B-20 added; Secs. 27-5B-3, 27-5B-9, 27-5B-11, 27-5B-14, 27-5B-19 am'd.. Description: Insurance, reinsurance, regulation and credit against reserves, adoption of similar act to Credit for Reinsurance Model Law by Nat. Assoc. of Insurance Commissioners, Secs. 27-5B-8.1, 27-5B-20 added; Secs. 27-5B-3, 27-5B-9, 27-5B-11, 27-5B-14, 27-5B-19 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Interpreters and Transliterators, Licensure Board for, sunset law review, continued until Oct 1, 2025.. Description: Interpreters and Transliterators, Licensure Board for, sunset law review, continued until Oct 1, 2025.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Medical Examiners, State Board of and Medical Licensure Commission, sunset law review, continued until Oct 1, 2025.. Description: Medical Examiners, State Board of and Medical Licensure Commission, sunset law review, continued until Oct 1, 2025.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Pharmacy, State Board of, sunset law review, continued until Oct 1, 2025.. Description: Pharmacy, State Board of, sunset law review, continued until Oct 1, 2025.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Optometry, Board of, sunset law review, continued until Oct 1, 2025.. Description: Optometry, Board of, sunset law review, continued until Oct 1, 2025.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Marriage and Family Therapy, Board of Examiners in, sunset law review, continued until Oct 1, 2025.. Description: Marriage and Family Therapy, Board of Examiners in, sunset law review, continued until Oct 1, 2025.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Onsite Wastewater Board, sunset law review, continued until Oct 1, 2023.. Description: Onsite Wastewater Board, sunset law review, continued until Oct 1, 2023.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Manufactured Housing Commission, sunset law review, continued until Oct 1, 2025.. Description: Manufactured Housing Commission, sunset law review, continued until Oct 1, 2025.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Chiropractic Examiners, State Board of, sunset law review, continued until Oct 1, 2025.. Description: Chiropractic Examiners, State Board of, sunset law review, continued until Oct 1, 2025.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Nursing Home Administrators, Board of Examiners of, sunset law review, continued until Oct 1, 2025.. Description: Nursing Home Administrators, Board of Examiners of, sunset law review, continued until Oct 1, 2025.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Dental Examiners, Board of, sunset law review, continued until Oct 1, 2025.. Description: Dental Examiners, Board of, sunset law review, continued until Oct 1, 2025.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Athletic Trainers, Board of, sunset law review, continued until Oct 1, 2025.. Description: Athletic Trainers, Board of, sunset law review, continued until Oct 1, 2025.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Genetic Counseling, State Board of, sunset law review, continued until Oct 1, 2025.. Description: Genetic Counseling, State Board of, sunset law review, continued until Oct 1, 2025.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Podiatry, State Board of, sunset law review, continued until Oct 1, 2025.. Description: Podiatry, State Board of, sunset law review, continued until Oct 1, 2025.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Athletic Commission, sunset law review, continued until Oct 1, 2023.. Description: Athletic Commission, sunset law review, continued until Oct 1, 2023.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Veterinary Medical Examiners, State Board of, sunset law review, continued until Oct 1, 2025.. Description: Veterinary Medical Examiners, State Board of, sunset law review, continued until Oct 1, 2025.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Geologists, Board of Licensure for Professional, sunset law review, continued until Oct 1, 2025.. Description: Geologists, Board of Licensure for Professional, sunset law review, continued until Oct 1, 2025.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Interior Designers, Alabama Board for Registered, sunset law review, continued until Oct 1, 2025.. Description: Interior Designers, Alabama Board for Registered, sunset law review, continued until Oct 1, 2025.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Physical Therapy, Board of, sunset law review, continued until Oct 1, 2025.. Description: Physical Therapy, Board of, sunset law review, continued until Oct 1, 2025.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Home Builders Licensure Board, sunset law review, continued until Oct 1, 2025.. Description: Home Builders Licensure Board, sunset law review, continued until Oct 1, 2025.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Polygraph Examiners, Board of, sunset law review, continued until Oct 1, 2023.. Description: Polygraph Examiners, Board of, sunset law review, continued until Oct 1, 2023.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Nursing, Board of, sunset law review, continued until Oct 1, 2025.. Description: Nursing, Board of, sunset law review, continued until Oct 1, 2025.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Midwifery, State Board of, sunset law review, continued until Oct 1, 2025.. Description: Midwifery, State Board of, sunset law review, continued until Oct 1, 2025.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Hearing Instrument Dealers, Board of, sunset law review, continued until Oct 1, 2025.. Description: Hearing Instrument Dealers, Board of, sunset law review, continued until Oct 1, 2025.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Speech-Language Pathology and Audiology, Board of Examiners for, sunset law review, continued until Oct 1, 2025.. Description: Speech-Language Pathology and Audiology, Board of Examiners for, sunset law review, continued until Oct 1, 2025.
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Pardons and Paroles, mandatory supervised release of inmates, apply certain sentencing provisions to certain defendants, Sec. 15-22-26.2 am'd.. Description: Pardons and Paroles, mandatory supervised release of inmates, apply certain sentencing provisions to certain defendants, Sec. 15-22-26.2 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Community punishment and corrections, to require every judicial circuit to establish a community punishment and corrections program, Sec. 15-18-187 added; Secs. 15-18-172, 15-18-176 am'd.. Description: Community punishment and corrections, to require every judicial circuit to establish a community punishment and corrections program, Sec. 15-18-187 added; Secs. 15-18-172, 15-18-176 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Schools, public, Seizure Safe Schools Act, students with seizure disorders, admin. of medication by school personnel procedures, Secs. 16-30C-1 to 16-30C-6, inclusive, added. Description: Schools, public, Seizure Safe Schools Act, students with seizure disorders, admin. of medication by school personnel procedures, Secs. 16-30C-1 to 16-30C-6, inclusive, added
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Motor vehicles, distinctive license tags, firefighter license plates, add'l fee, distribution fee to Alabama Joint Fire Council and the Alabama Fire College, Secs. 32-6-271, 32-6-280 am'd.. Description: Motor vehicles, distinctive license tags, firefighter license plates, add'l fee, distribution fee to Alabama Joint Fire Council and the Alabama Fire College, Secs. 32-6-271, 32-6-280 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Motor vehicles, license plate issuance fee, exemption for disabled veterans under certain conditions. Description: Motor vehicles, license plate issuance fee, exemption for disabled veterans under certain conditions
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Employees' Retirement System, State Police Tier II plan reopened to any employee of Alabama State Law Enforcement Agency who is certified by the Alabama Peace Officers' Standards and Training Commission and performs law enforcement duties, 25 year retirement and hazardous duty time allowed, Secs. 36-27-1, 36-27-16, 41-27-7 am'd.. Description: Employees' Retirement System, State Police Tier II plan reopened to any employee of Alabama State Law Enforcement Agency who is certified by the Alabama Peace Officers' Standards and Training Commission and performs law enforcement duties, 25 year retirement and hazardous duty time allowed, Secs. 36-27-1, 36-27-16, 41-27-7 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Revenue Dept., law enforcement officers, subsistence pay, Sec. 36-21-2 am'd.. Description: Revenue Dept., law enforcement officers, subsistence pay, Sec. 36-21-2 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Retirement System, stress bill, use of hazardous duty time to calculate years of service for inservice death benefits for firefighters, law enforcement, and correctional officers, Secs. 16-25-14, 36-27-16 am'd.. Description: Retirement System, stress bill, use of hazardous duty time to calculate years of service for inservice death benefits for firefighters, law enforcement, and correctional officers, Secs. 16-25-14, 36-27-16 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Schools, K-12, local boards of education required to provide feminine hygiene products in women's restrooms of certain schools, no cost to students. Description: Schools, K-12, local boards of education required to provide feminine hygiene products in women's restrooms of certain schools, no cost to students
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Class 5 municipality, mayor/commission/city manager form of government, abatement of grass or weeds, notice and assessment of cost provided to property owners, liens on property under certain conditions. Description: Class 5 municipality, mayor/commission/city manager form of government, abatement of grass or weeds, notice and assessment of cost provided to property owners, liens on property under certain conditions
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Teachers Retirement System, 30-year service retirement and conversion of sick leave allowed for Tier II, plan members, member contribution rate increased, Secs. 16-25-11.1, 16-25-14, 16-25-21 am'd.. Description: Teachers Retirement System, 30-year service retirement and conversion of sick leave allowed for Tier II, plan members, member contribution rate increased, Secs. 16-25-11.1, 16-25-14, 16-25-21 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Volunteer firefighter or rescue squad members, disability or death benefits, wildland firefighter employed by Forestry Commission included, cardiac arrest, etc. relating to emergency or physical training, presumed to be in the line of duty, Secs. 36-30-1, 36-30-2 am'd.. Description: Volunteer firefighter or rescue squad members, disability or death benefits, wildland firefighter employed by Forestry Commission included, cardiac arrest, etc. relating to emergency or physical training, presumed to be in the line of duty, Secs. 36-30-1, 36-30-2 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Motor vehicle dealers and motorcycle dealer, used vehicle license plates, combined total increased, Sec. 40-12-264 am'd.. Description: Motor vehicle dealers and motorcycle dealer, used vehicle license plates, combined total increased, Sec. 40-12-264 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: School safety, to require mental health awareness to be included in the annual training session for employees of each K-12 school, Sec. 16-1-44 am'd.. Description: School safety, to require mental health awareness to be included in the annual training session for employees of each K-12 school, Sec. 16-1-44 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Motor vehicles, electric bicycles, operation and regulation provided, Sec. 32-5A-267 added; Secs. 32-1-1.1, 32-12-20, 32-12A-1 am'd.. Description: Motor vehicles, electric bicycles, operation and regulation provided, Sec. 32-5A-267 added; Secs. 32-1-1.1, 32-12-20, 32-12A-1 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Emergency Management Act of 1955, states of emergency, business and religious entities authorized to operate under certain conditions. Description: Emergency Management Act of 1955, states of emergency, business and religious entities authorized to operate under certain conditions
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Corrections Dept., quarterly reports to the Joint Legislative Prison Oversight Committee, reporting requirements, oath of correctional officers revised, Sec. 14-1-21 added; Sec. 14-3-13 am'd.. Description: Corrections Dept., quarterly reports to the Joint Legislative Prison Oversight Committee, reporting requirements, oath of correctional officers revised, Sec. 14-1-21 added; Sec. 14-3-13 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Justices and judges, revise compensation received by retired justices and judges who are called to active duty, Secs. 12-18-10, 12-18-61 am'd.. Description: Justices and judges, revise compensation received by retired justices and judges who are called to active duty, Secs. 12-18-10, 12-18-61 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Pardons and Paroles Board, Dept. of Corrections, limits of confinement for parole and probation violations further provided for, provide Dept of Corrections responsible for health care costs on parolees and probationers in certain circumstances, provide Dept. of Corrections required to designate county jails for confinement of parole and probation violators, to provide that pardons and paroles may establish residential transition centers and provide for operation, notification of courts to Dept. of Corrections of defendant sentenced to its custody further provided for, Secs. 14-3-30, 15-22-29, 15-22-32, 15-22-52, 15-22-54 am'd.. Description: Pardons and Paroles Board, Dept. of Corrections, limits of confinement for parole and probation violations further provided for, provide Dept of Corrections responsible for health care costs on parolees and probationers in certain circumstances, provide Dept. of Corrections required to designate county jails for confinement of parole and probation violators, to provide that pardons and paroles may establish residential transition centers and provide for operation, notification of courts to Dept. of Corrections of defendant sentenced to its custody further provided for, Secs. 14-3-30, 15-22-29, 15-22-32, 15-22-52, 15-22-54 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Pardons and Paroles Board, require electronic monitoring for certain inmates upon release, to provide for implementation, provide nondriver photo identification upon release from DOC, Secs. 15-22-26.2, 15-22-29, 41-27-3.2 am'd.. Description: Pardons and Paroles Board, require electronic monitoring for certain inmates upon release, to provide for implementation, provide nondriver photo identification upon release from DOC, Secs. 15-22-26.2, 15-22-29, 41-27-3.2 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Emergency responders, Alabama Fire College authorized to provide certification to peer support members, Sec. 36-21-14 am'd.. Description: Emergency responders, Alabama Fire College authorized to provide certification to peer support members, Sec. 36-21-14 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Elections, Sec. of State authorized to conduct a one-time post-election audit of vote count. Description: Elections, Sec. of State authorized to conduct a one-time post-election audit of vote count
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Volunteer rescue squads, taxation, registration fees and ad valorem taxes for utility trailers, exemptions provided for, Sec. 32-11-2 am'd.. Description: Volunteer rescue squads, taxation, registration fees and ad valorem taxes for utility trailers, exemptions provided for, Sec. 32-11-2 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Voter registration lists, prosecutors, judges, and law enforcement officers, a registered voter or spouse authorized to have personal info omitted, Sec. 17-4-33 am'd.. Description: Voter registration lists, prosecutors, judges, and law enforcement officers, a registered voter or spouse authorized to have personal info omitted, Sec. 17-4-33 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Professional licensing Boards, self-sustaining, bds, agencies, and commissions exempted from publishing expenditures through Comptroller website, required to post expenditures on bd, agency, or commission website. Description: Professional licensing Boards, self-sustaining, bds, agencies, and commissions exempted from publishing expenditures through Comptroller website, required to post expenditures on bd, agency, or commission website
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Reapportionment, redistricting or reapportionment plan, Permanent Legislative Committee on Reapportionment to intervene in any legal action that contests the validity of, Sec. 29-1-2.5 am'd.. Description: Reapportionment, redistricting or reapportionment plan, Permanent Legislative Committee on Reapportionment to intervene in any legal action that contests the validity of, Sec. 29-1-2.5 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Bail, to provide for an additional offense under which an individual can be denied bail, pretrial detention hearing under certain circumstances provided, Secs. 15-13-2, 15-13-3, 15-13-7, 15-13-104, 15-13-105, 15-13-106 am'd.. Description: Bail, to provide for an additional offense under which an individual can be denied bail, pretrial detention hearing under certain circumstances provided, Secs. 15-13-2, 15-13-3, 15-13-7, 15-13-104, 15-13-105, 15-13-106 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Bail, criminal cases, creates Aniah's law, Legislature may designate offenses not eligible for bail, const. amend. Description: Bail, criminal cases, creates Aniah's law, Legislature may designate offenses not eligible for bail, const. amend
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Insurance, Commissioner of Insurance, certain data and information considered confidential that's filed by property and casualty insurers, to be held separate from public records, Sec. 27-13-3 am'd.. Description: Insurance, Commissioner of Insurance, certain data and information considered confidential that's filed by property and casualty insurers, to be held separate from public records, Sec. 27-13-3 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Gambling device, crime of possession of a gambling device, slot machine manufactured before 1960 exempt from under certain limited circumstances, Sec. 13A-12-27 am'd.. Description: Gambling device, crime of possession of a gambling device, slot machine manufactured before 1960 exempt from under certain limited circumstances, Sec. 13A-12-27 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Dauphin Island Sea Lab, official Aquarium of Alabama. Description: Dauphin Island Sea Lab, official Aquarium of Alabama
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Sexual assault, victim notification, rights to victims, Sexual Assault Task Force, created, Sexual Assault Survivors Bill of Rights. Description: Sexual assault, victim notification, rights to victims, Sexual Assault Task Force, created, Sexual Assault Survivors Bill of Rights
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Choctaw County, authorize Legislature to fix or alter charges of court and fees of county officers, const. amend.. Description: Choctaw County, authorize Legislature to fix or alter charges of court and fees of county officers, const. amend.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Credit Unions, financial institution excise tax, taxable income, calculation, reserve for losses deleted, assessment and refunds further provided for tax years prior to 1-1-2020, Act 2019-284, 2019 Reg. Sess., am'd; Sec. 40-16-1.3 am'd.. Description: Credit Unions, financial institution excise tax, taxable income, calculation, reserve for losses deleted, assessment and refunds further provided for tax years prior to 1-1-2020, Act 2019-284, 2019 Reg. Sess., am'd; Sec. 40-16-1.3 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Emergency Medical Services, community paramedicine program established, referral for services after discharge from medical facility, State Board of Health to adopt rules, Sec. 22-18-10 added; Sec. 22-18-1 am'd.. Description: Emergency Medical Services, community paramedicine program established, referral for services after discharge from medical facility, State Board of Health to adopt rules, Sec. 22-18-10 added; Sec. 22-18-1 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Emergency Management Agency, shelters, to adopt guidelines for identifying and designating safer place shelters throughout the state. Description: Emergency Management Agency, shelters, to adopt guidelines for identifying and designating safer place shelters throughout the state
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Wastewater treatment facilities, loan payback period by local governing bodies extended, Sec. 22-34-11 am'd.. Description: Wastewater treatment facilities, loan payback period by local governing bodies extended, Sec. 22-34-11 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Education, law enforcement officers, firefighters, and rescue squad members, higher education assistance program for the children under certain conditions, Sec. 16-64-6, 36-21-102 am'd.. Description: Education, law enforcement officers, firefighters, and rescue squad members, higher education assistance program for the children under certain conditions, Sec. 16-64-6, 36-21-102 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Campaign finance reports, electronic filing with Secretary of State required, revise report deadline, Secs. 17-5-4, 17-5-5, 17-5-8, 17-5-9, 17-5-10, 17-5-11, 17-5-19.1, 17-5-19.2 am'd.. Description: Campaign finance reports, electronic filing with Secretary of State required, revise report deadline, Secs. 17-5-4, 17-5-5, 17-5-8, 17-5-9, 17-5-10, 17-5-11, 17-5-19.1, 17-5-19.2 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Lease tax exemptions, to allow lessor to pass lease tax on to lessee, with exceptions, to provide for a lease tax exemption for lease transactions lasting 180 days or more with certain entities, Secs. 40-12-222, 40-12-223 am'd.. Description: Lease tax exemptions, to allow lessor to pass lease tax on to lessee, with exceptions, to provide for a lease tax exemption for lease transactions lasting 180 days or more with certain entities, Secs. 40-12-222, 40-12-223 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Business entities, Sec. of State authorized to waive the Certificate of Existence fee for business entities under certain conditions, Sec. 10A-1-4.31 am'd.. Description: Business entities, Sec. of State authorized to waive the Certificate of Existence fee for business entities under certain conditions, Sec. 10A-1-4.31 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Baldwin County, court costs, add'l levied in circuit and district court criminal cases, distrib. for mental health court. Description: Baldwin County, court costs, add'l levied in circuit and district court criminal cases, distrib. for mental health court
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Voting fraud, voting more than once in any election held within the state, penalties to apply to include voting outside the state, Secs. 17-13-24, 17-17-36 am'd.. Description: Voting fraud, voting more than once in any election held within the state, penalties to apply to include voting outside the state, Secs. 17-13-24, 17-17-36 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Prostitution, to allow disclosure of certain person's picture after being arrested, Sec. 13A-6-183 am'd.. Description: Prostitution, to allow disclosure of certain person's picture after being arrested, Sec. 13A-6-183 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Labor Dept., definitions and references to Secretary of Labor updated in AL Surface Mining Act of 1969, departmental employee in lieu of registered forester to perform inspections, amount of fed funds retained in Special Abandoned Mine Reclamation Trust Fund increased, unemployment compensation language conformed and exclusivity of certain procedures specified, Secs. 25-4-59, 25-4-153 added; Secs. 9-16-2, 9-16-8, 9-16-135, 25-4-72 am'd.. Description: Labor Dept., definitions and references to Secretary of Labor updated in AL Surface Mining Act of 1969, departmental employee in lieu of registered forester to perform inspections, amount of fed funds retained in Special Abandoned Mine Reclamation Trust Fund increased, unemployment compensation language conformed and exclusivity of certain procedures specified, Secs. 25-4-59, 25-4-153 added; Secs. 9-16-2, 9-16-8, 9-16-135, 25-4-72 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Income tax, exclusion for federal tax credits, advance refunds, qualified disaster relief payments, subsidies, grants, student loans, or loan forgiveness from federal CARES Act and subsequent federal COVID relief legislation, exemption from income and financial institution excise tax for amounts from the Coronavirus Relief Fund, to decouple from 26 U.S.C, 951A and 118 (b)(2), to change business interest expense limitation, and to allow Electing Pass-Through Entity to be taxed at entity level, Sec. 40-27-1 am'd.. Description: Income tax, exclusion for federal tax credits, advance refunds, qualified disaster relief payments, subsidies, grants, student loans, or loan forgiveness from federal CARES Act and subsequent federal COVID relief legislation, exemption from income and financial institution excise tax for amounts from the Coronavirus Relief Fund, to decouple from 26 U.S.C, 951A and 118 (b)(2), to change business interest expense limitation, and to allow Electing Pass-Through Entity to be taxed at entity level, Sec. 40-27-1 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: State purchasing, collection of data on minority and women owned businesses by Secretary of State and Chief Procurement Officer, reports to Legislature, Sec. 41-4-177.10 added. Description: State purchasing, collection of data on minority and women owned businesses by Secretary of State and Chief Procurement Officer, reports to Legislature, Sec. 41-4-177.10 added
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Math and Science Teacher Education Program, computer science teachers included in student loan repayment program, certain other qualified teachers may earn certification in math, science, or computer science to participate, requirements per participation modified, Secs. 16-5-54.1, 16-5-54.2, 16-5-56 added; Secs. 16-5-51 to 16-5-55, inclusive, am'd.. Description: Math and Science Teacher Education Program, computer science teachers included in student loan repayment program, certain other qualified teachers may earn certification in math, science, or computer science to participate, requirements per participation modified, Secs. 16-5-54.1, 16-5-54.2, 16-5-56 added; Secs. 16-5-51 to 16-5-55, inclusive, am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Municipalities, electronic records and signatures authorized by ordinance, Secs. 8-1A-17, 8-1A-18 am'd.. Description: Municipalities, electronic records and signatures authorized by ordinance, Secs. 8-1A-17, 8-1A-18 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Municipalities, authorized to, levy of ad valorem tax for bonds to finance projects under Amd No. 8, Const. of Ala. 1901, use of proceeds for direct payments to finance capital improvements, const. amend.. Description: Municipalities, authorized to, levy of ad valorem tax for bonds to finance projects under Amd No. 8, Const. of Ala. 1901, use of proceeds for direct payments to finance capital improvements, const. amend.
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: State Port Authority, director, appointment of additional employees at executive level, terms of certain contracts exempt from state confidentiality laws, Secs. 33-1-3, 33-1-39 am'd.. Description: State Port Authority, director, appointment of additional employees at executive level, terms of certain contracts exempt from state confidentiality laws, Secs. 33-1-3, 33-1-39 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Health, St. Bd. of, immunization registry, reports re immunization vaccines, review by providers, Sec. 22-11B-2 am'd.. Description: Health, St. Bd. of, immunization registry, reports re immunization vaccines, review by providers, Sec. 22-11B-2 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Competitive bids by co. and city bds of ed and gov't entities, exclusion for purchases through cooperative purchasing agreements to include leases and lease/purchase agreements, Secs. 16-13B-2, 41-16-51 am'd.. Description: Competitive bids by co. and city bds of ed and gov't entities, exclusion for purchases through cooperative purchasing agreements to include leases and lease/purchase agreements, Secs. 16-13B-2, 41-16-51 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Department of Insurance, transfer of certain funds from Insurance Dept. Fund to Strengthen Alabama Homes Fund by Commissioner of Insurance authorized. Description: Department of Insurance, transfer of certain funds from Insurance Dept. Fund to Strengthen Alabama Homes Fund by Commissioner of Insurance authorized
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Real property, annexation, property with overlapped police jurisdictions, all property to be annexed with consent of all parties and affected municipalities under certain conditions, Sec. 11-42-21 am'd.. Description: Real property, annexation, property with overlapped police jurisdictions, all property to be annexed with consent of all parties and affected municipalities under certain conditions, Sec. 11-42-21 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Motor vehicles, driving offenses, administrative suspension periods revised for certain driving offenses, Secs. 32-5-192, 32-5A-195, 32-5A-304 am'd.. Description: Motor vehicles, driving offenses, administrative suspension periods revised for certain driving offenses, Secs. 32-5-192, 32-5A-195, 32-5A-304 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Economic development, job credit and investment credit for approved projects sunset date extended, incentives for attraction of new and expanding business including rural areas, incentives for high-tech companies Growing Alabama Act, Income tax, tax credits for use of state's port facilities, authorized, Sec. 40-18-376.4 added; Secs. 40-18-370, 40-18-375, 40-18-376.3, 40-18-382, 40-18-383, 40-18-400, 40-18-403 am'd.. Description: Economic development, job credit and investment credit for approved projects sunset date extended, incentives for attraction of new and expanding business including rural areas, incentives for high-tech companies Growing Alabama Act, Income tax, tax credits for use of state's port facilities, authorized, Sec. 40-18-376.4 added; Secs. 40-18-370, 40-18-375, 40-18-376.3, 40-18-382, 40-18-383, 40-18-400, 40-18-403 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Bessemer, Employees' Retirement System, allow elected officials to participate in, const. amend.. Description: Bessemer, Employees' Retirement System, allow elected officials to participate in, const. amend.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Jefferson Co., Birmingham Cemetery Bd., appointment of chair further provided for, Sec. 45-37-30 am'd.. Description: Jefferson Co., Birmingham Cemetery Bd., appointment of chair further provided for, Sec. 45-37-30 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Motor vehicles, distinctive license tags, Cold War veterans tag provided for, Secs. 32-6-350, 32-6-350.1 am'd.. Description: Motor vehicles, distinctive license tags, Cold War veterans tag provided for, Secs. 32-6-350, 32-6-350.1 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Taxation, sales of land for taxes, conducted on premises of or within courthouse or courthouse annex, Sec. 40-10-15 am'd.. Description: Taxation, sales of land for taxes, conducted on premises of or within courthouse or courthouse annex, Sec. 40-10-15 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Grand juries, remove grand jury witnesses from certain provisions limiting disclosure of testimony, court reporter or stenographer required to record grand jury proceedings, Secs. 12-16-215, 12-16-216 am'd.. Description: Grand juries, remove grand jury witnesses from certain provisions limiting disclosure of testimony, court reporter or stenographer required to record grand jury proceedings, Secs. 12-16-215, 12-16-216 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Public schools, require a child successfully complete kindergarten before being admitted to the first grade, Sec. 16-28-4 am'd.. Description: Public schools, require a child successfully complete kindergarten before being admitted to the first grade, Sec. 16-28-4 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Public Health Dept., hospital discharge data, statewide collection, Hospital Discharge Data Advisory Council established, civil penalties. Description: Public Health Dept., hospital discharge data, statewide collection, Hospital Discharge Data Advisory Council established, civil penalties
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Covid-19 Recovery Capital Credit Protection Act of 2021, created, employment and wage requirements for qualifying projects extended, compensation amounts for exemption purposes increased, Sec. 40-18-19.1 am'd.. Description: Covid-19 Recovery Capital Credit Protection Act of 2021, created, employment and wage requirements for qualifying projects extended, compensation amounts for exemption purposes increased, Sec. 40-18-19.1 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Workers' compensation, firefighters, law enforcement officers, diagnosed with post-traumatic stress disorder, reimbursed for certain out-of-pocket expenses, co's and municipalities required to maintain certain disability insurance coverage. Description: Workers' compensation, firefighters, law enforcement officers, diagnosed with post-traumatic stress disorder, reimbursed for certain out-of-pocket expenses, co's and municipalities required to maintain certain disability insurance coverage
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Coal severance tax (1971 tax), extended to 2031, distribution of tax revenue beginning 2021-2022, remainder after certain distribution earmarked for Surface Mining Commission, Secs. 40-13-6, 40-13-8 am'd.. Description: Coal severance tax (1971 tax), extended to 2031, distribution of tax revenue beginning 2021-2022, remainder after certain distribution earmarked for Surface Mining Commission, Secs. 40-13-6, 40-13-8 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Education Dept., state property, Dept. of Edu., has authority to manange the construction and renovation of property that is part of a state educational institution, in lieu of St. Finance Dept., Secs. 16-1-2.2, 41-4-353, 41-4-400 am'd.. Description: Education Dept., state property, Dept. of Edu., has authority to manange the construction and renovation of property that is part of a state educational institution, in lieu of St. Finance Dept., Secs. 16-1-2.2, 41-4-353, 41-4-400 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Motor vehicles, registration, transporter defined, issuance of temporary license plates and temporary registration certificates further provided, Secs. 32-8-2, 32-6-210, 32-6-212, 32-6-214, 32-6-215, 32-6-216, 32-6-217, 32-6-218, 32-6-219 am'd.. Description: Motor vehicles, registration, transporter defined, issuance of temporary license plates and temporary registration certificates further provided, Secs. 32-8-2, 32-6-210, 32-6-212, 32-6-214, 32-6-215, 32-6-216, 32-6-217, 32-6-218, 32-6-219 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Municipal utility boards, Class 7 municipalities, chair and member of certain boards, city council authorized to set compensation, Sec. 11-50-313 am'd.. Description: Municipal utility boards, Class 7 municipalities, chair and member of certain boards, city council authorized to set compensation, Sec. 11-50-313 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Health, minors end-of-life care, doctors required to obtain consent of parent or legal guardian of minor prior to entering "do not attempt resuscitation order" order, Sec. 22-8A-18 added.. Description: Health, minors end-of-life care, doctors required to obtain consent of parent or legal guardian of minor prior to entering "do not attempt resuscitation order" order, Sec. 22-8A-18 added.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Storm shelters, income tax credit for the cost of acquisition and construction of a qualified storm shelter. Description: Storm shelters, income tax credit for the cost of acquisition and construction of a qualified storm shelter
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Montgomery Co., judge of probate, required to be an attorney, equity jurisdiction under certain conditions, const. amend.. Description: Montgomery Co., judge of probate, required to be an attorney, equity jurisdiction under certain conditions, const. amend.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Finance Dept., supp. appropriation of federal funds from the Alabama Rental Assistance Fund, delegating to Ala. Housing Finance Authority to administer rental assistance under federal covid relief. Description: Finance Dept., supp. appropriation of federal funds from the Alabama Rental Assistance Fund, delegating to Ala. Housing Finance Authority to administer rental assistance under federal covid relief
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Class 2 mun. (Mobile), municipal ordinances, all courts of this state to take judicial notice, Sec. 11-45-11 am'd.. Description: Class 2 mun. (Mobile), municipal ordinances, all courts of this state to take judicial notice, Sec. 11-45-11 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Animals, dogs, pet dog allowed in an outdoor dining area under certain conditions. Description: Animals, dogs, pet dog allowed in an outdoor dining area under certain conditions
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Centre, corporate limits alt.. Description: Centre, corporate limits alt.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Abortion, physicians, duty of care owed to babies born alive after failed abortion, criminal penalties, definitions further provided. Description: Abortion, physicians, duty of care owed to babies born alive after failed abortion, criminal penalties, definitions further provided
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Crimes and offenses, to revise the criminal penalties for violations of fleeing or attempting to elude law enforcement, Sec. 13A-10-52 am'd.. Description: Crimes and offenses, to revise the criminal penalties for violations of fleeing or attempting to elude law enforcement, Sec. 13A-10-52 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: School employees, prohibited from soliciting a student to send obscene material to any person, Sec. 13A-6-82.1 am'd.. Description: School employees, prohibited from soliciting a student to send obscene material to any person, Sec. 13A-6-82.1 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Fayette County, sales and use tax, distribution, Sec. 45-29-242.20 am'd.. Description: Fayette County, sales and use tax, distribution, Sec. 45-29-242.20 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Motor vehicles, rules of the road, construction zone violations, penalties further provided, Sec. 32-5A-176.1 am'd.. Description: Motor vehicles, rules of the road, construction zone violations, penalties further provided, Sec. 32-5A-176.1 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Education, grades K-12, yoga, authorize local boards of education to offer to students. Description: Education, grades K-12, yoga, authorize local boards of education to offer to students
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Education, public K-12 school sporting events, broadcast authorized. Description: Education, public K-12 school sporting events, broadcast authorized
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Health benefit plans, insulin prescription drugs, co-pay limited, Secs. 10A-20-6.16, 27-21A-23 am'd.. Description: Health benefit plans, insulin prescription drugs, co-pay limited, Secs. 10A-20-6.16, 27-21A-23 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Dale County, board of education, requirement to set annual salary of the Superintendent of Education repealed, Act 690, 1975 Reg. Sess., repealed. Description: Dale County, board of education, requirement to set annual salary of the Superintendent of Education repealed, Act 690, 1975 Reg. Sess., repealed
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Crimes and offenses, crime of female genital mutilation established, criminal penalties provided. Description: Crimes and offenses, crime of female genital mutilation established, criminal penalties provided
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Senior Services Dept., advisory board of directors, designees authorized to attend meetings on behalf of an ex officio member, additional board member, Sec. 38-3-1 am'd.. Description: Senior Services Dept., advisory board of directors, designees authorized to attend meetings on behalf of an ex officio member, additional board member, Sec. 38-3-1 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: State employees, Chief Executive Officer of the State Employees Insurance Board may approve group insurance offerings. Description: State employees, Chief Executive Officer of the State Employees Insurance Board may approve group insurance offerings
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: St. Clair Co., booking fee, imposed on each person booked in co. jail, co. commission to set fee under certain conditions, Act 2015-93, 2015 Reg. Sess, am'd.. Description: St. Clair Co., booking fee, imposed on each person booked in co. jail, co. commission to set fee under certain conditions, Act 2015-93, 2015 Reg. Sess, am'd.
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Organ transplant recipients, discrimination against persons with disabilities prohibited. Description: Organ transplant recipients, discrimination against persons with disabilities prohibited
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Employees' Retirement System, retirement benefits for Tier II plan members modified to provide 30-year service retirement, conversion of sick leave, and hazardous duty time for firefighters, law enforcement, and correctional officers, contribution rate increased, Secs. 36-26-36.1, 36-27-16, 36-27-24, 36-27-59 am'd.. Description: Employees' Retirement System, retirement benefits for Tier II plan members modified to provide 30-year service retirement, conversion of sick leave, and hazardous duty time for firefighters, law enforcement, and correctional officers, contribution rate increased, Secs. 36-26-36.1, 36-27-16, 36-27-24, 36-27-59 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Psychology Professional Wellness Committee, established within Psychology Examiners board to provide intervention services to impaired licensed professionals, duties, immunity provided, Sec. 34-26-4 added. Description: Psychology Professional Wellness Committee, established within Psychology Examiners board to provide intervention services to impaired licensed professionals, duties, immunity provided, Sec. 34-26-4 added
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Nicotine, age raised to buy, possess, or use nicotine products to 21, restrictions on marketing of certain nicotine products, Secs. 28-11-17.1, 28-11-20, 28-11-21 added; Secs. 13A-12-3, 13A-12-3.1, 28-11-1, 28-11-2, 28-11-3, 28-11-4, 28-11-5, 28-11-6.1, 28-11-6.2, 28-11-11, 28-11-13, 28-11-14, 28-11-15, 28-11-16, 28-11-18 am'd.. Description: Nicotine, age raised to buy, possess, or use nicotine products to 21, restrictions on marketing of certain nicotine products, Secs. 28-11-17.1, 28-11-20, 28-11-21 added; Secs. 13A-12-3, 13A-12-3.1, 28-11-1, 28-11-2, 28-11-3, 28-11-4, 28-11-5, 28-11-6.1, 28-11-6.2, 28-11-11, 28-11-13, 28-11-14, 28-11-15, 28-11-16, 28-11-18 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Cosmetology and Barbering, Board of, mobile salons, licensure and regulation, Sec. 34-7B-30 added; Sec. 34-7B-1 am'd.. Description: Cosmetology and Barbering, Board of, mobile salons, licensure and regulation, Sec. 34-7B-30 added; Sec. 34-7B-1 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Lauderdale Co., sheriff, authorize fees for certain administrative services, distrib. of revenues. Description: Lauderdale Co., sheriff, authorize fees for certain administrative services, distrib. of revenues
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Hospitals, require hospitals to bill an injured person's health insurance and only seek compensation from health insurance unless certain circumstances apply, clarifying hospital lien provisions, Sec. 27-12-25 added; Sec. 35-11-371 am'd.. Description: Hospitals, require hospitals to bill an injured person's health insurance and only seek compensation from health insurance unless certain circumstances apply, clarifying hospital lien provisions, Sec. 27-12-25 added; Sec. 35-11-371 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Motor vehicles, school zones, reduced speed zones, includes in double fines, Secs. 32-5A-181, 32-5A-182, 32-5A-183 am'd.. Description: Motor vehicles, school zones, reduced speed zones, includes in double fines, Secs. 32-5A-181, 32-5A-182, 32-5A-183 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Income tax, historic structures, qualified rehabilitation, tax credits extended to 2027, residential structures disqualified, admin. by Historical Commission, Secs. 40-9F-31, 40-9F-32, 40-9F-33, 40-9F-36, 40-9F-38 am'd.. Description: Income tax, historic structures, qualified rehabilitation, tax credits extended to 2027, residential structures disqualified, admin. by Historical Commission, Secs. 40-9F-31, 40-9F-32, 40-9F-33, 40-9F-36, 40-9F-38 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Mental health, emergency treatment of mental illness, law enforcement officers authorized to take individuals into custody under certain circumstances, transportation to care facility, civil immunity provided, Secs. 45-3-172, 45-23-171, 45-27-171, 45-35-171 repealed; Secs. 22-52-100 to 22-52-104, inclusive, added.. Description: Mental health, emergency treatment of mental illness, law enforcement officers authorized to take individuals into custody under certain circumstances, transportation to care facility, civil immunity provided, Secs. 45-3-172, 45-23-171, 45-27-171, 45-35-171 repealed; Secs. 22-52-100 to 22-52-104, inclusive, added.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Elections, electronic voting machines, curb side voting, operation of voting machines prohibited except on the inside of buildings designated as voting places, taking of ballots into or out of voting places prohibited, Sec.17-6-4 am'd.. Description: Elections, electronic voting machines, curb side voting, operation of voting machines prohibited except on the inside of buildings designated as voting places, taking of ballots into or out of voting places prohibited, Sec.17-6-4 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Morgan County., election officers, compensation. Description: Morgan County., election officers, compensation
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Covington Co., law enforcement, mentally ill persons, law enforcement authorized to take into protective custody under certain conditions, protection from civil and criminal liabilities. Description: Covington Co., law enforcement, mentally ill persons, law enforcement authorized to take into protective custody under certain conditions, protection from civil and criminal liabilities
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Pistol permits, active member of U.S. Armed Forces and an honorably discharged veteran, issuance without payment of fee, Sec. 13A-11-75.1 am'd.. Description: Pistol permits, active member of U.S. Armed Forces and an honorably discharged veteran, issuance without payment of fee, Sec. 13A-11-75.1 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Qualified Dispositions in Trust Act, created, to govern certain transfers of trust property. Description: Qualified Dispositions in Trust Act, created, to govern certain transfers of trust property
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Escambia County, county officers, Judge of Probate, sheriff, tax assessor and tax collector, expense allowance and salary. Description: Escambia County, county officers, Judge of Probate, sheriff, tax assessor and tax collector, expense allowance and salary
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Coalition Against Domestic Violence, appropriation, operations plan and audited financial statement required, quarterly and end-of-year reports required. Description: Coalition Against Domestic Violence, appropriation, operations plan and audited financial statement required, quarterly and end-of-year reports required
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Talladega Co., sheriff, additional expense allowance and salary. Description: Talladega Co., sheriff, additional expense allowance and salary
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Drug paraphernalia, penalties for delivering or selling drug paraphernalia under certain circumstances, Sec. 13A-12-260 am'd.. Description: Drug paraphernalia, penalties for delivering or selling drug paraphernalia under certain circumstances, Sec. 13A-12-260 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: General Fund budget, appropriations for other functions of government, debt service, and capital outlay for fiscal year ending September 30, 2022.. Description: General Fund budget, appropriations for other functions of government, debt service, and capital outlay for fiscal year ending September 30, 2022.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Covington Co., golf carts, operation on public streets, municipality may authorize, const. amend.. Description: Covington Co., golf carts, operation on public streets, municipality may authorize, const. amend.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Elections, election officers registered in co., authorized to serve in any precinct in county, Secs. 17-8-1, 17-8-5, 17-8-6, 17-8-12, 17-8-14 am'd.. Description: Elections, election officers registered in co., authorized to serve in any precinct in county, Secs. 17-8-1, 17-8-5, 17-8-6, 17-8-12, 17-8-14 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Eichold, Bernard H., commended. Description: Eichold, Bernard H., commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Class 1 mun. (Birmingham), business improvement districts, self-help, requirements to estab., amend, expand, and terminate, Secs. 11-54B-5, 11-54B-7, 11-54B-10, 11-54B-19 am'd.. Description: Class 1 mun. (Birmingham), business improvement districts, self-help, requirements to estab., amend, expand, and terminate, Secs. 11-54B-5, 11-54B-7, 11-54B-10, 11-54B-19 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Boards of Registrars, process for updating voter registration lists revised, publication reimbursement rate to counties revised, Secs. 17-4-30, 17-4-31 am'd.. Description: Boards of Registrars, process for updating voter registration lists revised, publication reimbursement rate to counties revised, Secs. 17-4-30, 17-4-31 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Board of registrars, number of days a registrar may annually work, further provided, Sec. 17-3-8.1 added. Description: Board of registrars, number of days a registrar may annually work, further provided, Sec. 17-3-8.1 added
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: State employees, cost-of-living increase for fiscal year beginning October 1, 2021.. Description: State employees, cost-of-living increase for fiscal year beginning October 1, 2021.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Foresters, assigns responsibility for naming successor members of State Board of Registration for Foresters to the Division of the Society of American Foresters and any other organization meeting certain criteria, Sec. 34-12-30 am'd.. Description: Foresters, assigns responsibility for naming successor members of State Board of Registration for Foresters to the Division of the Society of American Foresters and any other organization meeting certain criteria, Sec. 34-12-30 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Foresters, State Board of Registered, requirement that members of the board are required to be a member of the Society of American Foresters, eliminated, Sec. 34-12-31 am'd.. Description: Foresters, State Board of Registered, requirement that members of the board are required to be a member of the Society of American Foresters, eliminated, Sec. 34-12-31 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Foster homes, defines additional types of foster family homes, may include related parties and therapeutic homes, Sec. 38-7-2 am'd.. Description: Foster homes, defines additional types of foster family homes, may include related parties and therapeutic homes, Sec. 38-7-2 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Foresters, State Board of Registration for, sale of nominal marketing materials auth., Sec. 34-12-36 am'd.. Description: Foresters, State Board of Registration for, sale of nominal marketing materials auth., Sec. 34-12-36 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Foresters, State Board of Registration for, board authorized to call special meetings in accordance with its bylaws, Sec. 34-12-34 am'd.. Description: Foresters, State Board of Registration for, board authorized to call special meetings in accordance with its bylaws, Sec. 34-12-34 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Military Appreciation Day, March 9, 2021, named. Description: Military Appreciation Day, March 9, 2021, named
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Foresters, State Board of Registered for, continuing education requirement, waiver under certain conditions, Sec. 34-12-8 am'd.. Description: Foresters, State Board of Registered for, continuing education requirement, waiver under certain conditions, Sec. 34-12-8 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Criminal prosecutions, update outdated language in provision pertaining to video depositions in child abuse prosecutions, Sec. 15-25-2 am'd.. Description: Criminal prosecutions, update outdated language in provision pertaining to video depositions in child abuse prosecutions, Sec. 15-25-2 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Children First Trust Fund, appropriations from for fiscal year ending September 30, 2022, use of allocation pursuant to Section 41-15B-2.2 and this act, tobacco settlement revenues deposited in fund within 30 days of receipt, Finance Director to notify each agency of allocation, appropriations conditional on tobacco revenues, appropriation of additional tobacco settlement funds, audit, Children's Affairs Department to report to Legislature and Children's Policy Council, appropriations from General Fund to various entities. Description: Children First Trust Fund, appropriations from for fiscal year ending September 30, 2022, use of allocation pursuant to Section 41-15B-2.2 and this act, tobacco settlement revenues deposited in fund within 30 days of receipt, Finance Director to notify each agency of allocation, appropriations conditional on tobacco revenues, appropriation of additional tobacco settlement funds, audit, Children's Affairs Department to report to Legislature and Children's Policy Council, appropriations from General Fund to various entities
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Motor vehicles, law enforcement officers, dark tint on personal vehicles authorized, Sec. 32-5C-2 am'd.. Description: Motor vehicles, law enforcement officers, dark tint on personal vehicles authorized, Sec. 32-5C-2 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Solid waste collection and disposal, contracts for, competitive bid laws revised, Secs. 22-27-5, 41-16-57 am'd.. Description: Solid waste collection and disposal, contracts for, competitive bid laws revised, Secs. 22-27-5, 41-16-57 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: National Surveyors Week, March 21-27, 2021, recognized. Description: National Surveyors Week, March 21-27, 2021, recognized
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Auctioneers, State Board of, exempting computer-automated Internet auctions from regulation by the board, Sec. 34-4-3 am'd.. Description: Auctioneers, State Board of, exempting computer-automated Internet auctions from regulation by the board, Sec. 34-4-3 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Sales and use tax, construction contracts for highways, roads, and bridges, Revenue Dept., issuance of exemption certificates if gov't entity contracting is tax exempt, Sec. 40-9-14.1 am'd.. Description: Sales and use tax, construction contracts for highways, roads, and bridges, Revenue Dept., issuance of exemption certificates if gov't entity contracting is tax exempt, Sec. 40-9-14.1 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Tax Assessor or Revenue Commissioner, homestead exemptions, electronic verification at the discretion of tax assessing official, Sec. 40-9-21.1 am'd.. Description: Tax Assessor or Revenue Commissioner, homestead exemptions, electronic verification at the discretion of tax assessing official, Sec. 40-9-21.1 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Social Work Examiners, Board of, license verification, fees, Sec. 34-30-57 am'd.. Description: Social Work Examiners, Board of, license verification, fees, Sec. 34-30-57 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Lawrence Co., personnel bd., act repealed upon effective date of new co. personnel system, Sec. 45-40-120 repealed. Description: Lawrence Co., personnel bd., act repealed upon effective date of new co. personnel system, Sec. 45-40-120 repealed
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Corrections Dept., inmates being released, application for nondriver identification authorized, Sec. 14-10-1 am'd.. Description: Corrections Dept., inmates being released, application for nondriver identification authorized, Sec. 14-10-1 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Wilcox Co., Boards of Registrars, maximum number of working days increased, Sec. 17-3-8 am'd.. Description: Wilcox Co., Boards of Registrars, maximum number of working days increased, Sec. 17-3-8 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Macon Co., sheriff may not participate in the supernumerary program, may participate in Employees' Retirement System, retroactive, Amendment 693 (Section 6, Local Amendments, Macon County, Recompiled Constitution of Alabama of 1901, as amended), am'd, const. amend.. Description: Macon Co., sheriff may not participate in the supernumerary program, may participate in Employees' Retirement System, retroactive, Amendment 693 (Section 6, Local Amendments, Macon County, Recompiled Constitution of Alabama of 1901, as amended), am'd, const. amend.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Education, public K-12 schools, sex education, revising the focus of content, course materials and instructions provided, Sec. 16-40A-2 am'd.. Description: Education, public K-12 schools, sex education, revising the focus of content, course materials and instructions provided, Sec. 16-40A-2 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Elections, requires implementation date of any legislation affecting conduct of general election to be at least six months before general election, const. amend.. Description: Elections, requires implementation date of any legislation affecting conduct of general election to be at least six months before general election, const. amend.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: ClasTran, Birmingham Regional Paratransit Consortium, exempt from all sales and use taxes. Description: ClasTran, Birmingham Regional Paratransit Consortium, exempt from all sales and use taxes
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Schools, public K-12, athletic events allowing competition by one biological gender against another prohibited unless the event specifically includes both genders. Description: Schools, public K-12, athletic events allowing competition by one biological gender against another prohibited unless the event specifically includes both genders
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Obligation Transparency, Joint Legislative Oversight Committee on created, membership, compensation, powers, and duties, provided. Description: Obligation Transparency, Joint Legislative Oversight Committee on created, membership, compensation, powers, and duties, provided
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Crimes and offenses, manslaughter, death resulting from unlawful sale of a controlled substance, Sec. 13A-6-3 am'd.. Description: Crimes and offenses, manslaughter, death resulting from unlawful sale of a controlled substance, Sec. 13A-6-3 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Doxing, crime of created, penalties. Description: Doxing, crime of created, penalties
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Student athletes, may earn compensation for use of name, image, or likeness, conditions established, certain postsecondary educational institutions may not restrict, Alabama Collegiate Athletic Commission established to enforce, Sec. 8-26B-32 added.. Description: Student athletes, may earn compensation for use of name, image, or likeness, conditions established, certain postsecondary educational institutions may not restrict, Alabama Collegiate Athletic Commission established to enforce, Sec. 8-26B-32 added.
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: State Seal of Biliteracy, established, recognizing graduates with the proficiency in English and at least one world language, including American sign language. Description: State Seal of Biliteracy, established, recognizing graduates with the proficiency in English and at least one world language, including American sign language
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Employment, employers and state agencies, required to follow specified federal requirements to determine whether a worker is an employee for purposes of benefits and tax liabilities,exception for workers' compensation. Description: Employment, employers and state agencies, required to follow specified federal requirements to determine whether a worker is an employee for purposes of benefits and tax liabilities,exception for workers' compensation
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Taxation, sale of certain military aircraft parts, exemption extended, Sec. 40-23-4 am'd.. Description: Taxation, sale of certain military aircraft parts, exemption extended, Sec. 40-23-4 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Law enforcement officers database, created and maintained by Peace Officers' Standards and Training Commission, reporting by law enforcement agencies re employment, confidentiality, background checks for employment, criminal and civil penalties, immunity provisions. Description: Law enforcement officers database, created and maintained by Peace Officers' Standards and Training Commission, reporting by law enforcement agencies re employment, confidentiality, background checks for employment, criminal and civil penalties, immunity provisions
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Dale Co., sheriff, additional expense allowance and salary. Description: Dale Co., sheriff, additional expense allowance and salary
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Dale Co., municipalities, contracting with sheriff for police services authorized, funding by municipality. Description: Dale Co., municipalities, contracting with sheriff for police services authorized, funding by municipality
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: National Guard, facilities, access extended to certain veterans and their caregivers. Description: National Guard, facilities, access extended to certain veterans and their caregivers
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Bay Minette, corp. limits alt.. Description: Bay Minette, corp. limits alt.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: License plates, require approval and oversight of by the Legislative Oversight Committee on License Plates, application fee, and provide for reissuance requirements, Secs. 32-6-64, 32-6-67 am'd.. Description: License plates, require approval and oversight of by the Legislative Oversight Committee on License Plates, application fee, and provide for reissuance requirements, Secs. 32-6-64, 32-6-67 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Marshall County, court costs, deposit in Law Library fund, Presiding Circuit Judge's Judicial Administration Fund, reestablished, deposits in separate bank accounts, use of funds, Act 426, 1973 Reg Sess., and Sec. 45-48-80.02 repealed and superseded. Description: Marshall County, court costs, deposit in Law Library fund, Presiding Circuit Judge's Judicial Administration Fund, reestablished, deposits in separate bank accounts, use of funds, Act 426, 1973 Reg Sess., and Sec. 45-48-80.02 repealed and superseded
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Public contracts, wireless telecommunications contracts, further provided, Secs. 41-16-27, 41-16-51 am'd.. Description: Public contracts, wireless telecommunications contracts, further provided, Secs. 41-16-27, 41-16-51 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Colleges and universities, Student Grant Program, cap amount on grants increased from $1,200 to $3,000 per academic year, duties of Commission on Higher Ed. further provided for, Sec. 16-33A-3 am'd.. Description: Colleges and universities, Student Grant Program, cap amount on grants increased from $1,200 to $3,000 per academic year, duties of Commission on Higher Ed. further provided for, Sec. 16-33A-3 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Elmore Co., alcoholic beverages, draft or keg beer, sale authorized. Description: Elmore Co., alcoholic beverages, draft or keg beer, sale authorized
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Elmore County, co. engineer, terms of employment by co. commission, provisions for employment at will deleted, Sec. 45-26-130 am'd.. Description: Elmore County, co. engineer, terms of employment by co. commission, provisions for employment at will deleted, Sec. 45-26-130 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Wine, manufacturers, authorized to ship wine directly to Alabama residents, permitting of wine fulfillment centers, require importers and manufacturers of wine to enter into exclusive franchise agreements with wholesalers, to provide for reporting requirements and penalties, Secs. 28-3A-6.1, 28-3A-6.2, 28-8A-1 to 28-8A-11, inclusive, added; Sec. 28-1-4, 28-3-1 am'd.. Description: Wine, manufacturers, authorized to ship wine directly to Alabama residents, permitting of wine fulfillment centers, require importers and manufacturers of wine to enter into exclusive franchise agreements with wholesalers, to provide for reporting requirements and penalties, Secs. 28-3A-6.1, 28-3A-6.2, 28-8A-1 to 28-8A-11, inclusive, added; Sec. 28-1-4, 28-3-1 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Municipalities, Chestnut Accountability Municipal Audit Clarification Act, requiring annual, biennial audit for certain municipalities, annual report in lieu of audit for certain municipalities, Sec. 11-43-85 am'd.. Description: Municipalities, Chestnut Accountability Municipal Audit Clarification Act, requiring annual, biennial audit for certain municipalities, annual report in lieu of audit for certain municipalities, Sec. 11-43-85 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Elmore Co., board of education, school buildings and property, insurance with the State Insurance Fund or with an insurance company, authorized. Description: Elmore Co., board of education, school buildings and property, insurance with the State Insurance Fund or with an insurance company, authorized
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Crimes and offenses, assault against a first responder, created, riot and inciting to riot, further provided, aggravated riot, and unlawful traffic interference, created, holding period after arrest, provided, penalties for defunding police, provided, Secs. 13A-11-3.1, 13A-11-5.1 added; Secs. 13A-6-21, 13A-11-1, 13A-11-3, 13A-11-4, 15-10-3 am'd.. Description: Crimes and offenses, assault against a first responder, created, riot and inciting to riot, further provided, aggravated riot, and unlawful traffic interference, created, holding period after arrest, provided, penalties for defunding police, provided, Secs. 13A-11-3.1, 13A-11-5.1 added; Secs. 13A-6-21, 13A-11-1, 13A-11-3, 13A-11-4, 15-10-3 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Utilities, governmental entities, prohibited from adopting or enforcing policies that prohibit use of utility services authorized to do business in state. Description: Utilities, governmental entities, prohibited from adopting or enforcing policies that prohibit use of utility services authorized to do business in state
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Class 2 municipalities, Africatown Redevelopment Corp., established, board of directors, powers, duties of corp.. Description: Class 2 municipalities, Africatown Redevelopment Corp., established, board of directors, powers, duties of corp.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Real Estate Appraisers Bd., appraisal management companies, renewal license fees, Secs. 34-27A-15, 34-27A-55 am'd.. Description: Real Estate Appraisers Bd., appraisal management companies, renewal license fees, Secs. 34-27A-15, 34-27A-55 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Supplemental appropriations from State General Fund to specified agencies, supp. approp. for fiscal year ending Sept. 30, 2021.. Description: Supplemental appropriations from State General Fund to specified agencies, supp. approp. for fiscal year ending Sept. 30, 2021.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Walker County, judge of probate, required to be an attorney licensed in this state, const. amend.. Description: Walker County, judge of probate, required to be an attorney licensed in this state, const. amend.
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Residential Mortgage Satisfaction Act, recordation of satisfaction of non-resident mortgages, Sec. 35-10-27 repealed; Secs. 35-10-26, 35-10-30, 35-10-90, 35-10-91, 35-10-92, 35-10-94, 35-10-96 am'd.. Description: Residential Mortgage Satisfaction Act, recordation of satisfaction of non-resident mortgages, Sec. 35-10-27 repealed; Secs. 35-10-26, 35-10-30, 35-10-90, 35-10-91, 35-10-92, 35-10-94, 35-10-96 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Hunting, feral swine and coyote hunting at night permitted with an appropriate license under certain circumstances, Sec. 9-11-235 am'd.. Description: Hunting, feral swine and coyote hunting at night permitted with an appropriate license under certain circumstances, Sec. 9-11-235 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Motor vehicles, commercial vehicles, trucks or truck tractors used by a farmer or to haul forest products, additional tag classes for maximum weight classes, limit for number of farm trucks deleted, exclusion for truck tractors used for hire, deleted, Secs. 32-9A-2, 40-12-248 am'd.. Description: Motor vehicles, commercial vehicles, trucks or truck tractors used by a farmer or to haul forest products, additional tag classes for maximum weight classes, limit for number of farm trucks deleted, exclusion for truck tractors used for hire, deleted, Secs. 32-9A-2, 40-12-248 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Joint road improvement authorities, provide for method of incorporation, powers, duties, provide for reincorporation of certain existing road improvement commissions. Description: Joint road improvement authorities, provide for method of incorporation, powers, duties, provide for reincorporation of certain existing road improvement commissions
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Escambia Co., sheriff authorized to sell certain abandoned, unclaimed, or stolen property, and firearms, notice, record keeping requirement, distribution of funds for law enforcement purposes. Description: Escambia Co., sheriff authorized to sell certain abandoned, unclaimed, or stolen property, and firearms, notice, record keeping requirement, distribution of funds for law enforcement purposes
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Security, House and Senate, security of the Alabama State House, provided further, Alabama State Law Enforcement Agency to provide security of the perimeter and entry points of the State House, Sec. 29-4-4 am'd.. Description: Security, House and Senate, security of the Alabama State House, provided further, Alabama State Law Enforcement Agency to provide security of the perimeter and entry points of the State House, Sec. 29-4-4 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Board of Trustees, Ala. Community College System, members may serve two consecutive four-year terms, Sec. 16-60-111 am'd.. Description: Board of Trustees, Ala. Community College System, members may serve two consecutive four-year terms, Sec. 16-60-111 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Commerce, Rural, Agribusiness, and Opportunity Zone Jobs Act established, procedure for certification of growth funds. Description: Commerce, Rural, Agribusiness, and Opportunity Zone Jobs Act established, procedure for certification of growth funds
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Trusts, Alabama Uniform Trust Code, reports of breaches of trust, further provided, procedure for release of trustee, provided, Sec. 19-3B-1306 added; Sec. 19-3B-1005 am'd.. Description: Trusts, Alabama Uniform Trust Code, reports of breaches of trust, further provided, procedure for release of trustee, provided, Sec. 19-3B-1306 added; Sec. 19-3B-1005 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Mountain Brook, alcoholic beverages, entertainment districts, established in certain historic villages in city, open containers from licensees authorized. Description: Mountain Brook, alcoholic beverages, entertainment districts, established in certain historic villages in city, open containers from licensees authorized
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Class 5 municipality, organized under Chapter 43D, Code of Alabama 1975 (Bessemer), city council, clerical assistants auth., Sec. 11-43D-14 am'd.. Description: Class 5 municipality, organized under Chapter 43D, Code of Alabama 1975 (Bessemer), city council, clerical assistants auth., Sec. 11-43D-14 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Class 5 municipalities organized under Chapter 43D, Title 11, (Bessemer) city council and mayor, residency, Sec. 11-43D-2 am'd.. Description: Class 5 municipalities organized under Chapter 43D, Title 11, (Bessemer) city council and mayor, residency, Sec. 11-43D-2 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Onsite Wastewater Board, privately owned wastewater systems exempt from regulation by the board, Sec. 34-21A-10 am'd.. Description: Onsite Wastewater Board, privately owned wastewater systems exempt from regulation by the board, Sec. 34-21A-10 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Extended Learning Opportunities Act, established, learning opportunities outside of typical public K-12 classroom for credit, approval and enrollment process provided, Secs. 16-46C-1 to 16-46C-7, inclusive, added.. Description: Extended Learning Opportunities Act, established, learning opportunities outside of typical public K-12 classroom for credit, approval and enrollment process provided, Secs. 16-46C-1 to 16-46C-7, inclusive, added.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Demetri's Barbeque Restaurant, commended. Description: Demetri's Barbeque Restaurant, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Monroe Co., sales and use tax, co. commission authorized to levy, Monroe Co. Highway Repair and Maintenance Fund, created. Description: Monroe Co., sales and use tax, co. commission authorized to levy, Monroe Co. Highway Repair and Maintenance Fund, created
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Talladega County, court cost, ependitures from Juvenile Justice Fund and Law Library Fund, further provided for, Act 90-430, 1990 Reg. Sess., am'd.. Description: Talladega County, court cost, ependitures from Juvenile Justice Fund and Law Library Fund, further provided for, Act 90-430, 1990 Reg. Sess., am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Contracts, creation and enforcement of non-disparagement agreements, provided. Description: Contracts, creation and enforcement of non-disparagement agreements, provided
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Russell Co., co. commission, special election to fill vacancies when one year or more remaining on a term, Act 2008-413, 2008 Reg. Sess., repealed. Description: Russell Co., co. commission, special election to fill vacancies when one year or more remaining on a term, Act 2008-413, 2008 Reg. Sess., repealed
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Russell Co., sheriff, annual salary, Act 2017-434, 2017 Reg. Sess., am'd.. Description: Russell Co., sheriff, annual salary, Act 2017-434, 2017 Reg. Sess., am'd.
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Alabama Credential Quality and Transparency Act and Workforce Council Committee on Credential Quality and Transparency created, legislative findings, free database of searchable online info re educational and occupational credentials and competencies provided, Secs. 41-29-350 to 41-29-357 added.. Description: Alabama Credential Quality and Transparency Act and Workforce Council Committee on Credential Quality and Transparency created, legislative findings, free database of searchable online info re educational and occupational credentials and competencies provided, Secs. 41-29-350 to 41-29-357 added.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Occupational licensing boards, a waiver process established for certain occupational licensing boards to be used to allow an employing entity, employed licensees, and certificate holders of that entity, to continue operations on a temporary basis after death of the designated qualifying representative of the employing entity, Sec. 41-9A-3 added.. Description: Occupational licensing boards, a waiver process established for certain occupational licensing boards to be used to allow an employing entity, employed licensees, and certificate holders of that entity, to continue operations on a temporary basis after death of the designated qualifying representative of the employing entity, Sec. 41-9A-3 added.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Motor vehicles, Dept. of Transportation, required to post signs giving notice of restrictions against driving vehicle in leftmost lane, Sec. 32-5A-80 am'd.. Description: Motor vehicles, Dept. of Transportation, required to post signs giving notice of restrictions against driving vehicle in leftmost lane, Sec. 32-5A-80 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Monroe Co., county revenue commissioner, salary. Description: Monroe Co., county revenue commissioner, salary
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Birmingham Retirement and Relief System, amended to revise, effective July 1, 2021, certain contribution rates, eligibility requirements, maximum normal retirement benefit, ordinary disability allowance, spousal survivor benefits, and early retirement benefits, Secs. 45-37A-51.190, 45-37A-51.192, 45-37A-51.196, 45-37A-51.220, 45-37A-51.221, 45-37A-51.222, 45-37A-51.225, 45-37A-51.228, 45-37A-51.232, 45-37A-51.244, 45-37A-51.302, 45-37A-51.305, 45-37A-51.306, 45-37A-51.307, 45-37A-51.308 am'd.. Description: Birmingham Retirement and Relief System, amended to revise, effective July 1, 2021, certain contribution rates, eligibility requirements, maximum normal retirement benefit, ordinary disability allowance, spousal survivor benefits, and early retirement benefits, Secs. 45-37A-51.190, 45-37A-51.192, 45-37A-51.196, 45-37A-51.220, 45-37A-51.221, 45-37A-51.222, 45-37A-51.225, 45-37A-51.228, 45-37A-51.232, 45-37A-51.244, 45-37A-51.302, 45-37A-51.305, 45-37A-51.306, 45-37A-51.307, 45-37A-51.308 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Chilton Co., sheriff authorized to sell certain abandoned, unclaimed, or stolen property and firearms, notice, record keeping requirement, distribution of funds for law enforcement purposes. Description: Chilton Co., sheriff authorized to sell certain abandoned, unclaimed, or stolen property and firearms, notice, record keeping requirement, distribution of funds for law enforcement purposes
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Chilton Co., sheriff, salary. Description: Chilton Co., sheriff, salary
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Trussville, city board of education, tax district in Jefferson County, ad valorem tax rate increase, referendum. Description: Trussville, city board of education, tax district in Jefferson County, ad valorem tax rate increase, referendum
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Health, health care facilities, one caregiver or visitor to patients or residents to be allowed, subject to reasonable restrictions. Description: Health, health care facilities, one caregiver or visitor to patients or residents to be allowed, subject to reasonable restrictions
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Midfield, city board of education, tax district in Jefferson County, ad valorem tax rate increase, referendum. Description: Midfield, city board of education, tax district in Jefferson County, ad valorem tax rate increase, referendum
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Hytop, corp. limits alt.. Description: Hytop, corp. limits alt.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Walker Co., county civil service system, board, compensation of members and chair, Act 200, 1969 Sp. Sess., am'd.. Description: Walker Co., county civil service system, board, compensation of members and chair, Act 200, 1969 Sp. Sess., am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Firefighters, occupational disease, to provide further for which cancers are included within meaning of firefighter's occupational disease, Sec. 11-43-144 am'd.. Description: Firefighters, occupational disease, to provide further for which cancers are included within meaning of firefighter's occupational disease, Sec. 11-43-144 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Cheaha Road in Talladega, Clay, and Cleburne Counties, road to Cheaha State Park, transferred to Transportation Dept. jurisdiction as state highway. Description: Cheaha Road in Talladega, Clay, and Cleburne Counties, road to Cheaha State Park, transferred to Transportation Dept. jurisdiction as state highway
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Absentee ballots, timeframe for applying to vote absentee, revised, to revise certain procedures for processing absentee ballots, Secs. 17-11-3, 17-11-10, 17-11-18 am'd.. Description: Absentee ballots, timeframe for applying to vote absentee, revised, to revise certain procedures for processing absentee ballots, Secs. 17-11-3, 17-11-10, 17-11-18 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Breweries, distilleries, revise daily limit on amount of beer or liquor sold to customers, Secs. 28-3A-6, 28-4A-3 am'd.. Description: Breweries, distilleries, revise daily limit on amount of beer or liquor sold to customers, Secs. 28-3A-6, 28-4A-3 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Alabama Innovation Corporation, incorporation, implementation of Small Business Innovation Research or Small Business Technology grants, board of directors, powers, contracts, investments, Sec. 41-10-800 to 41-10-810, inclusive, added. Description: Alabama Innovation Corporation, incorporation, implementation of Small Business Innovation Research or Small Business Technology grants, board of directors, powers, contracts, investments, Sec. 41-10-800 to 41-10-810, inclusive, added
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Randolph Co., coroner, salary, benefits, expenses, and supplies, annual reports, Act 2004-273, 2004 Reg. Sess., repealed. Description: Randolph Co., coroner, salary, benefits, expenses, and supplies, annual reports, Act 2004-273, 2004 Reg. Sess., repealed
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Tuscaloosa Co., Road Improvement Commission, duties and operation further provided for, Act No. 56, 1953 Reg. Sess., am'd.. Description: Tuscaloosa Co., Road Improvement Commission, duties and operation further provided for, Act No. 56, 1953 Reg. Sess., am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Gardendale school tax district of Jefferson County Board of Education, renewal of ad valorem tax, referendum. Description: Gardendale school tax district of Jefferson County Board of Education, renewal of ad valorem tax, referendum
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Colleges, state four-year, veterans, children of deceased and disabled veterans, comprehensive transition and postsecondary programs for children of disabled veterans with intellectual disabilities, tuition reimbursement provided for, Sec. 31-6-2.1 added; Secs. 31-6-2 am'd.. Description: Colleges, state four-year, veterans, children of deceased and disabled veterans, comprehensive transition and postsecondary programs for children of disabled veterans with intellectual disabilities, tuition reimbursement provided for, Sec. 31-6-2.1 added; Secs. 31-6-2 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Recreational vehicle parks, duty of law enforcement to remove illegal guests upon operator's request further provided for, Sec. 35-15-30 am'd.. Description: Recreational vehicle parks, duty of law enforcement to remove illegal guests upon operator's request further provided for, Sec. 35-15-30 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Washington Co., county commission chair, compensation increased, mileage allowance for district commissioners. Description: Washington Co., county commission chair, compensation increased, mileage allowance for district commissioners
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Alcoholic beverage retailers, authorize drive-thru and walk-up service to purchase alcoholic beverages for off premises consumption. Description: Alcoholic beverage retailers, authorize drive-thru and walk-up service to purchase alcoholic beverages for off premises consumption
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Geneva Co., law enforcement, mentally ill persons protective custody under certain conditions, limitation on civil and criminal liabilities. Description: Geneva Co., law enforcement, mentally ill persons protective custody under certain conditions, limitation on civil and criminal liabilities
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Geneva Co., service of process on out-of-state cases, sheriffs fee, set by county commission, distrib. to sheriff's office. Description: Geneva Co., service of process on out-of-state cases, sheriffs fee, set by county commission, distrib. to sheriff's office
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Jefferson Co., human sewage, commission authorized to levy tax. Description: Jefferson Co., human sewage, commission authorized to levy tax
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: State parks, Alabama State Parks Enhancement Authority created and authorized to issue bonds for support of state parks, const. amend.. Description: State parks, Alabama State Parks Enhancement Authority created and authorized to issue bonds for support of state parks, const. amend.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Taxation, sales tax revenue, distribution of portion to Conservation and Natural Resources Dept for State Parks, adjustment based on change in Consumer Price Index, Sec. 40-23-35 am'd.. Description: Taxation, sales tax revenue, distribution of portion to Conservation and Natural Resources Dept for State Parks, adjustment based on change in Consumer Price Index, Sec. 40-23-35 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Kimberly, corp. limits alt.. Description: Kimberly, corp. limits alt.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Dallas County, Employees' Retirement System, authorizing certain elected or appointed county officials to elect to participate, const. amend.. Description: Dallas County, Employees' Retirement System, authorizing certain elected or appointed county officials to elect to participate, const. amend.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Jefferson County, retirement system, pension board authorized to establish procedures for the election of board members number four and five, notices of annual meetings, provide tuition reimbursement to its employees, contributions of members, Secs. 45-37-123.20, 45-37-123.21, 45-37-123.22, 45-37-123.23, 45-37-123.28, 45-37-123.29, 45-37-123.51, 45-37-123.83, 45-37-123.84, 45-37-123.100, 45-37-123.101, 45-37-123.102, 45-37-123.103, 45-37-123.104, 45-37-123.106, 45-37-123.194 am'd.. Description: Jefferson County, retirement system, pension board authorized to establish procedures for the election of board members number four and five, notices of annual meetings, provide tuition reimbursement to its employees, contributions of members, Secs. 45-37-123.20, 45-37-123.21, 45-37-123.22, 45-37-123.23, 45-37-123.28, 45-37-123.29, 45-37-123.51, 45-37-123.83, 45-37-123.84, 45-37-123.100, 45-37-123.101, 45-37-123.102, 45-37-123.103, 45-37-123.104, 45-37-123.106, 45-37-123.194 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Monroe Co., sheriff, expense allowance and compensation. Description: Monroe Co., sheriff, expense allowance and compensation
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: State parks and histroical sites, bonding authority of the Alabama State Parks Enhancement Authority, improvement and maintenance of state parks historical sites under Ala. Historical Commission, Sec. 40-23-35 am'd.. Description: State parks and histroical sites, bonding authority of the Alabama State Parks Enhancement Authority, improvement and maintenance of state parks historical sites under Ala. Historical Commission, Sec. 40-23-35 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Clay Co., animal control authority created with municipalities, to provide animal control shelter for dogs and cats. Description: Clay Co., animal control authority created with municipalities, to provide animal control shelter for dogs and cats
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Surface Mining Commission,meetings every two months or as the Governor otherwise requires, Sec. 9-16-73 am'd.. Description: Surface Mining Commission,meetings every two months or as the Governor otherwise requires, Sec. 9-16-73 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Income taxation, credit to owner, member, partner, shareholder of pass-through entity. Description: Income taxation, credit to owner, member, partner, shareholder of pass-through entity
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Jefferson Co., ad valorem taxes, senior property tax appraisal, person 65 or older, valuation frozen under certain conditions, const. amend.. Description: Jefferson Co., ad valorem taxes, senior property tax appraisal, person 65 or older, valuation frozen under certain conditions, const. amend.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Pike Road, ad valorem tax, add'l tax authorized to be levied by Montgomery County Commission for Pike Rd. School District. Description: Pike Road, ad valorem tax, add'l tax authorized to be levied by Montgomery County Commission for Pike Rd. School District
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Lowndes Co., health department, septic tank site evaluation tests, fee regulated, no charge to homeowner's under certain conditions. Description: Lowndes Co., health department, septic tank site evaluation tests, fee regulated, no charge to homeowner's under certain conditions
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Marshall Co., sheriff, authorize to conduct fund raising events, proceeds for operation of sheriff's office. Description: Marshall Co., sheriff, authorize to conduct fund raising events, proceeds for operation of sheriff's office
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Marshall Co., court costs, failure to appear warrant, service by sheriff's office, add'l fee, distrib., assessment by circuit clerk. Description: Marshall Co., court costs, failure to appear warrant, service by sheriff's office, add'l fee, distrib., assessment by circuit clerk
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Shelby Co., Property Tax Commissioner, salary, Act 2006-240, 2006 Reg. Sess., repealed. Description: Shelby Co., Property Tax Commissioner, salary, Act 2006-240, 2006 Reg. Sess., repealed
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Small businesses, Innovate Alabama Matching Grant Program, matching grants to entities receiving Small Business Innovation Research or Small Business Technology grants, Secs. 41-10-820 to 41-10-823, inclusive, added.. Description: Small businesses, Innovate Alabama Matching Grant Program, matching grants to entities receiving Small Business Innovation Research or Small Business Technology grants, Secs. 41-10-820 to 41-10-823, inclusive, added.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Pickens Co., community corrections officers, law enforcement powers. Description: Pickens Co., community corrections officers, law enforcement powers
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Fayette Co., community corrections officers, law enforcement powers. Description: Fayette Co., community corrections officers, law enforcement powers
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Cullman Co., county superintendent of education, election, shall be elected by qualified voters of the county, const. amend.. Description: Cullman Co., county superintendent of education, election, shall be elected by qualified voters of the county, const. amend.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Lamar Co., community corrections officers, law enforcement powers. Description: Lamar Co., community corrections officers, law enforcement powers
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Coffee Co., county officers, compensation, sheriff, revenue commissioner, and judge of probate, Secs. 45-16-84.01, 45-16-84.02, 45-16-230 am'd.. Description: Coffee Co., county officers, compensation, sheriff, revenue commissioner, and judge of probate, Secs. 45-16-84.01, 45-16-84.02, 45-16-230 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Marshall Co., tax assessor and tax collector, expenses financed on pro rata share basis from state, county, and municipal ad valorem tax. Description: Marshall Co., tax assessor and tax collector, expenses financed on pro rata share basis from state, county, and municipal ad valorem tax
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Public waterways, Conservation and Natural Resources Dept, establishment of Alabama State Reservoir Management Development Program for reservoir mangement including invasive species, add'l registration fees on boats, Secs. 33-5-6, 33-5-10, 33-5-17 am'd.. Description: Public waterways, Conservation and Natural Resources Dept, establishment of Alabama State Reservoir Management Development Program for reservoir mangement including invasive species, add'l registration fees on boats, Secs. 33-5-6, 33-5-10, 33-5-17 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Clanton, alcoholic beverages, city council may authorize sale of draft or keg beer, under certain conditions. Description: Clanton, alcoholic beverages, city council may authorize sale of draft or keg beer, under certain conditions
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Contact tracing, privacy protections established. Description: Contact tracing, privacy protections established
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Automated license plate recognition systems, limited use on public highways by law enforcement agencies, confidentiality, destruction of information collected, criminal penalties. Description: Automated license plate recognition systems, limited use on public highways by law enforcement agencies, confidentiality, destruction of information collected, criminal penalties
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Motor vehicles, rules of the road, construction zone violations, penalties further provided, Sec. 32-5A-176.1 am'd.. Description: Motor vehicles, rules of the road, construction zone violations, penalties further provided, Sec. 32-5A-176.1 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Gulf of Mexico Energy Security Act of 2006, legislative intent relating to the expending of funds by the Dept. of Conservation and Natural Resources expressed. Description: Gulf of Mexico Energy Security Act of 2006, legislative intent relating to the expending of funds by the Dept. of Conservation and Natural Resources expressed
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Property, homeowner's associations and condominium associations, prohibited from restricting display of state flag. Description: Property, homeowner's associations and condominium associations, prohibited from restricting display of state flag
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Schools, Foundation Program Fund, determination of cost to include student growth as an allowable cost, allowance for non-virtual and virtual students, provisions for increases based on increase in average daily membership in the current school year deleted, Secs. 16-13-231, 16-13-232 am'd.. Description: Schools, Foundation Program Fund, determination of cost to include student growth as an allowable cost, allowance for non-virtual and virtual students, provisions for increases based on increase in average daily membership in the current school year deleted, Secs. 16-13-231, 16-13-232 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Vulnerable Child Compassion and Protection Act, prohibits gender change therapy for minors, prohibits withholding of certain related information from parents. Description: Vulnerable Child Compassion and Protection Act, prohibits gender change therapy for minors, prohibits withholding of certain related information from parents
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Airport authorities, sales and use tax exemption, issuance of certificate of exemptions by Revenue Dept., Secs. 40-9-14.1, 40-9-60 am'd.. Description: Airport authorities, sales and use tax exemption, issuance of certificate of exemptions by Revenue Dept., Secs. 40-9-14.1, 40-9-60 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Alarm system, battery charged fences, defined, counties and mun. authority limited. Description: Alarm system, battery charged fences, defined, counties and mun. authority limited
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Competitive bids by co. and city bds of ed and gov't entities, exclusion for purchases through cooperative purchasing agreements to include leases and lease/purchase agreements, Secs. 16-13B-2, 41-16-51 am'd.. Description: Competitive bids by co. and city bds of ed and gov't entities, exclusion for purchases through cooperative purchasing agreements to include leases and lease/purchase agreements, Secs. 16-13B-2, 41-16-51 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Teachers, St. Board of Education, alternative teaching certificates authorized for qualified former members of Armed Forces, Sec. 16-23-3 am'd.. Description: Teachers, St. Board of Education, alternative teaching certificates authorized for qualified former members of Armed Forces, Sec. 16-23-3 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Water utilities, nonprofit corps, not organized under Title 11, Code of Alabama 1975, audit by Examiners of Public Accounts. Description: Water utilities, nonprofit corps, not organized under Title 11, Code of Alabama 1975, audit by Examiners of Public Accounts
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Utility gross receipts tax, Floyd Cherokee Medical Center LLC in Centre exempt, Sec. 40-21-82.1 am'd.. Description: Utility gross receipts tax, Floyd Cherokee Medical Center LLC in Centre exempt, Sec. 40-21-82.1 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Etowah Co., board of registrars, working days increased, Sec. 17-3-8 am'd.. Description: Etowah Co., board of registrars, working days increased, Sec. 17-3-8 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: World games, Birmingham, exempt non-resident credentialed health providers providing medical care to their athletes from state licensure requirements temporarily. Description: World games, Birmingham, exempt non-resident credentialed health providers providing medical care to their athletes from state licensure requirements temporarily
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Chiropractic Examiners, St. Bd. of, fees for services, bd authorized to charge by rule, Sec. 34-24-146 added. Description: Chiropractic Examiners, St. Bd. of, fees for services, bd authorized to charge by rule, Sec. 34-24-146 added
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Medical Examiners, deceased individuals, next of kin to be notified when organs retained by medical examiner prohibited from retaining organs for use other than autopsy. Description: Medical Examiners, deceased individuals, next of kin to be notified when organs retained by medical examiner prohibited from retaining organs for use other than autopsy
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Captive Insurance Companies, insurance in alien jurisdictions auth., requirements for an Alabama Coastal Captive Insurance Company revised, certificate of dormancy provided for, Secs. 27-31B-26, 27-31B-27, 27-31B-28 added; Secs. 27-31B-2, 27-31B-3, 27-31B-6, 27-31B-8, 27-31B-12, 27-31B-13 am'd.. Description: Captive Insurance Companies, insurance in alien jurisdictions auth., requirements for an Alabama Coastal Captive Insurance Company revised, certificate of dormancy provided for, Secs. 27-31B-26, 27-31B-27, 27-31B-28 added; Secs. 27-31B-2, 27-31B-3, 27-31B-6, 27-31B-8, 27-31B-12, 27-31B-13 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Insurance, reinsurance, regulation and credit against reserves, adoption of similar act to Credit for Reinsurance Model Law by Nat. Assoc. of Insurance Commissioners, Secs. 27-5B-8.1, 27-5B-20 added; Secs. 27-5B-3, 27-5B-9, 27-5B-11, 27-5B-14, 27-5B-19 am'd.. Description: Insurance, reinsurance, regulation and credit against reserves, adoption of similar act to Credit for Reinsurance Model Law by Nat. Assoc. of Insurance Commissioners, Secs. 27-5B-8.1, 27-5B-20 added; Secs. 27-5B-3, 27-5B-9, 27-5B-11, 27-5B-14, 27-5B-19 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Insurance Dept., Motor Vehicle Protection Products Act, fees deposited in Insurance Dept. Fund, expense related to exam by commissioner, paid by company examined, Sec. 8-33-14 added.. Description: Insurance Dept., Motor Vehicle Protection Products Act, fees deposited in Insurance Dept. Fund, expense related to exam by commissioner, paid by company examined, Sec. 8-33-14 added.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Insurance, property and casualty insurers, appointed actuary to provide annual opinion, exemption from insurance regulator in state where insurer domiciled, Sec. 27-3-26.1 am'd.. Description: Insurance, property and casualty insurers, appointed actuary to provide annual opinion, exemption from insurance regulator in state where insurer domiciled, Sec. 27-3-26.1 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Auctioneers, State Board of, qualifications for licensure, annual single use auction license, inactive licenses, reciprocal licensing of apprentice auctioneer prohibited, conduct of auctions without a license, disciplinary actions pursuant to APA, board membership and meetings, Secs. 34-4-21, 34-4-23, 34-4-25, 34-4-27, 34-4-28, 34-4-29, 34-4-30, 34-4-31, 34-4-33, 34-4-50, 34-4-52 am'd.. Description: Auctioneers, State Board of, qualifications for licensure, annual single use auction license, inactive licenses, reciprocal licensing of apprentice auctioneer prohibited, conduct of auctions without a license, disciplinary actions pursuant to APA, board membership and meetings, Secs. 34-4-21, 34-4-23, 34-4-25, 34-4-27, 34-4-28, 34-4-29, 34-4-30, 34-4-31, 34-4-33, 34-4-50, 34-4-52 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Motor vehicle dealers and motorcycle dealer, used vehicle license plates, combined total increased, Sec. 40-12-264 am'd.. Description: Motor vehicle dealers and motorcycle dealer, used vehicle license plates, combined total increased, Sec. 40-12-264 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Coronavirus, immunity for certain entities from claims relating to contraction of or exposure to coronavirus. Description: Coronavirus, immunity for certain entities from claims relating to contraction of or exposure to coronavirus
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Elections, runoff elections, to be held four weeks after municipal and special primary elections, Secs. 11-46-6, 11-46-21, 11-46-55, 17-13-3 am'd.. Description: Elections, runoff elections, to be held four weeks after municipal and special primary elections, Secs. 11-46-6, 11-46-21, 11-46-55, 17-13-3 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Land Bank Authority, local land bank authorities, municipalities, and counties, tax delinquent properties, Secs. 24-9-6, 24-9-7, 24-9-8, 24-9-10 am'd.. Description: Land Bank Authority, local land bank authorities, municipalities, and counties, tax delinquent properties, Secs. 24-9-6, 24-9-7, 24-9-8, 24-9-10 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Trusts, Alabama Uniform Trust Decanting Act, failure to receive notice further provided, Secs. 19-3D-7, 19-3D-9 am'd.. Description: Trusts, Alabama Uniform Trust Decanting Act, failure to receive notice further provided, Secs. 19-3D-7, 19-3D-9 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Parole and Probation violations, limits of confinement for parole and probation violations further revised, provide that the Dept. of Corrections shall reimburse the counties for health care costs of state parolees and probationers, require the Dept. of Corrections to designate county jails for confinement of parole and probation violators, require courts to send electronic notification when a defendant sentenced to Dept. of Corrections, Secs. 14-3-30, 15-22-29, 15-22-32, 15-22-52, 15-22-54 am'd.. Description: Parole and Probation violations, limits of confinement for parole and probation violations further revised, provide that the Dept. of Corrections shall reimburse the counties for health care costs of state parolees and probationers, require the Dept. of Corrections to designate county jails for confinement of parole and probation violators, require courts to send electronic notification when a defendant sentenced to Dept. of Corrections, Secs. 14-3-30, 15-22-29, 15-22-32, 15-22-52, 15-22-54 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Public Service Commission, telecommunication services, retail services, to restore the jurisdiction of the Public Service Commission, Sec. 37-2A-4 am'd.. Description: Public Service Commission, telecommunication services, retail services, to restore the jurisdiction of the Public Service Commission, Sec. 37-2A-4 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Emergency responders, Alabama Fire College authorized to provide certification to peer support members, Sec. 36-21-14 am'd.. Description: Emergency responders, Alabama Fire College authorized to provide certification to peer support members, Sec. 36-21-14 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Consumer Protection, Alabama State of Emergency Consumer Protection Act, enhanced criminal penalties provided under certain conditions, Sec. 13A-9-111.1 added; Sec. 13A-9-114, 34-14A-14, 34-31-32, 34-36-16, 34-37-17 am'd.. Description: Consumer Protection, Alabama State of Emergency Consumer Protection Act, enhanced criminal penalties provided under certain conditions, Sec. 13A-9-111.1 added; Sec. 13A-9-114, 34-14A-14, 34-31-32, 34-36-16, 34-37-17 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Taxation, sales and use taxes, state, county, and municipal, School of Fine Arts Foundation, Incorporated, High School of Mathematics and Science Foundation, School of Cyber Technology and Engineering Foundation, exempt. Description: Taxation, sales and use taxes, state, county, and municipal, School of Fine Arts Foundation, Incorporated, High School of Mathematics and Science Foundation, School of Cyber Technology and Engineering Foundation, exempt
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Bullock Co., revenue commissioner, tax sales, redemption fee, add'l. Description: Bullock Co., revenue commissioner, tax sales, redemption fee, add'l
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Emergency Management Agency, shelters, to adopt guidelines for identifying and designating safer place shelters throughout the state. Description: Emergency Management Agency, shelters, to adopt guidelines for identifying and designating safer place shelters throughout the state
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Elections, Sec. of State authorized to conduct a one-time post-election audit of vote count. Description: Elections, Sec. of State authorized to conduct a one-time post-election audit of vote count
In 2021, Alabama enrolled a bill titled: Medical Cannabis, program established to allow use of for certain conditions, defense against prosecution for marijuana possession established, Secs. 20-2A-1 to 20-2A-11, incl., 20-2A-20 to 20-2A-23, incl., 20-2A-30 to 20-2A-36, incl., 20-2A-50 to 20-2A-68, incl., added; Sec. 13A-7-2 am'd.. Description: Medical Cannabis, program established to allow use of for certain conditions, defense against prosecution for marijuana possession established, Secs. 20-2A-1 to 20-2A-11, incl., 20-2A-20 to 20-2A-23, incl., 20-2A-30 to 20-2A-36, incl., 20-2A-50 to 20-2A-68, incl., added; Sec. 13A-7-2 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Utilities, counties, municipalities, authorities, transfer or use of public funds, for repair or replacement of private sewer laterals, authorized, recovery provided. Description: Utilities, counties, municipalities, authorities, transfer or use of public funds, for repair or replacement of private sewer laterals, authorized, recovery provided
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Legislature, President Pro Tem authorize to appoint designee to serve on Sunset Committee in his or her place, Sec. 41-20-4 am'd.. Description: Legislature, President Pro Tem authorize to appoint designee to serve on Sunset Committee in his or her place, Sec. 41-20-4 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Dallas Co., past compensation of judge of probate ratified and confirmed. Description: Dallas Co., past compensation of judge of probate ratified and confirmed
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Dallas Co., judge of probate, add'l expense allowance and salary. Description: Dallas Co., judge of probate, add'l expense allowance and salary
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: County boards of equalization, appointment of members to, Revenue Commissioner authorize to make appointments under certain conditions, process for filling vacancies, per diem increased for active members, Secs. 40-3-2, 40-3-4, 40-3-7, 40-3-8 am'd.. Description: County boards of equalization, appointment of members to, Revenue Commissioner authorize to make appointments under certain conditions, process for filling vacancies, per diem increased for active members, Secs. 40-3-2, 40-3-4, 40-3-7, 40-3-8 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Fireworks, State Fire Marshal, fees for manufacturing, sale, display, increased, common fireworks, redesignated consumer fireworks, authorized to be sold at retail, mun ordinances or laws authorized, fees increased based on increases in Consumer Price Index (CPI), transfer of funds to Firefighter Annuity and Benefit Fund, Sec. 36-19-31 added; Secs. 8-17-210, 8-17-211, 8-17-216.1, 8-17-217, 8-17-218, 8-17-219, 8-17-220, 8-17-225, 8-17-226, 8-17-237, 8-17-255, 34-33-11, 34-33A-12, 36-19-29 am'd.. Description: Fireworks, State Fire Marshal, fees for manufacturing, sale, display, increased, common fireworks, redesignated consumer fireworks, authorized to be sold at retail, mun ordinances or laws authorized, fees increased based on increases in Consumer Price Index (CPI), transfer of funds to Firefighter Annuity and Benefit Fund, Sec. 36-19-31 added; Secs. 8-17-210, 8-17-211, 8-17-216.1, 8-17-217, 8-17-218, 8-17-219, 8-17-220, 8-17-225, 8-17-226, 8-17-237, 8-17-255, 34-33-11, 34-33A-12, 36-19-29 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Wilson, Joseph, commended. Description: Wilson, Joseph, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Solid waste program of a county or municipality, fees or charges, use of proceeds, amounts in reserve account over $1 million dollars authorized to be spent by county or municipality for law purposes, Sec. 22-27-5 am'd.. Description: Solid waste program of a county or municipality, fees or charges, use of proceeds, amounts in reserve account over $1 million dollars authorized to be spent by county or municipality for law purposes, Sec. 22-27-5 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Eminent domain, public lands, rights-of-way, granting further provided, Sec. 18-3-1 am'd.. Description: Eminent domain, public lands, rights-of-way, granting further provided, Sec. 18-3-1 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Utilities, Underground Damage Prevention Fund established, terms of members of authority, provided for, Secs. 37-15-10, 37-15-10.1 am'd.. Description: Utilities, Underground Damage Prevention Fund established, terms of members of authority, provided for, Secs. 37-15-10, 37-15-10.1 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Municipal corporations, ordinances, issuance of summons and complaint in lieu of custodial arrest, further provided for, Sec. 11-45-9.1 am'd.. Description: Municipal corporations, ordinances, issuance of summons and complaint in lieu of custodial arrest, further provided for, Sec. 11-45-9.1 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Public contracts, competitive bids, contracts for heating and air conditioning systems, exemption further provided if issuing process approved by Examiners of Public Accounts, Sec. 39-2-2 am'd.. Description: Public contracts, competitive bids, contracts for heating and air conditioning systems, exemption further provided if issuing process approved by Examiners of Public Accounts, Sec. 39-2-2 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Education Retirees' Trust Fund Funding Act, Education Retirees Trust Fund created in State Treasury as permanent trust to fund periodic bonus checks for education retirees, duties of TRS Board of Control specified. Description: Education Retirees' Trust Fund Funding Act, Education Retirees Trust Fund created in State Treasury as permanent trust to fund periodic bonus checks for education retirees, duties of TRS Board of Control specified
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Entertainment districts, Class 8 municipalities abutting Gulf of Mexico, authorized to sell alcohol for consumption within districts, revise qualifications for certain municipalities to establish, Sec. 28-3A-17.1 am'd.. Description: Entertainment districts, Class 8 municipalities abutting Gulf of Mexico, authorized to sell alcohol for consumption within districts, revise qualifications for certain municipalities to establish, Sec. 28-3A-17.1 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Psychology Professional Wellness Committee, established within Psychology Examiners board to provide intervention services to impaired licensed professionals, duties, immunity provided, Sec. 34-26-4 added. Description: Psychology Professional Wellness Committee, established within Psychology Examiners board to provide intervention services to impaired licensed professionals, duties, immunity provided, Sec. 34-26-4 added
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Park and beach bds., organized under Ch. 22 Title 11, CA 1975, and originally organized under Ch, 18, CA 1975, dissolution and transfer to mun., alternate procedure, approval of co. and mun., Sec11-22-16 am'd.. Description: Park and beach bds., organized under Ch. 22 Title 11, CA 1975, and originally organized under Ch, 18, CA 1975, dissolution and transfer to mun., alternate procedure, approval of co. and mun., Sec11-22-16 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: University of Montevallo, board of trustees members, one nonresident member appointed at-large included, Sec. 16-54-2 am'd.. Description: University of Montevallo, board of trustees members, one nonresident member appointed at-large included, Sec. 16-54-2 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Peace Officers' Standards and Training Commission, education requirement to become a law enforcement officer amended to include nonpublic education, Sec. 36-21-46 am'd.. Description: Peace Officers' Standards and Training Commission, education requirement to become a law enforcement officer amended to include nonpublic education, Sec. 36-21-46 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Courts, probate courts, general jurisdiction over orphans' business deleted, const. amend.. Description: Courts, probate courts, general jurisdiction over orphans' business deleted, const. amend.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Insurance, flood insurance, exempt from rate filing and approval requirement, Sec. 27-13-21 am'd.. Description: Insurance, flood insurance, exempt from rate filing and approval requirement, Sec. 27-13-21 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: School of Cyber Technology and Engineering, granted same sovereign immunity and participation in Educators Liability Trust Fund as provided for other public K-12 schools, board of education, administrators, and staff, Secs. 16-28A-6, added; Secs. 16-22-4.1, 36-1-12 am'd.. Description: School of Cyber Technology and Engineering, granted same sovereign immunity and participation in Educators Liability Trust Fund as provided for other public K-12 schools, board of education, administrators, and staff, Secs. 16-28A-6, added; Secs. 16-22-4.1, 36-1-12 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: District attorneys supernumerary status, qualifications, removing minimum years of service and age requirement, Sec. 12-17-213 am'd.. Description: District attorneys supernumerary status, qualifications, removing minimum years of service and age requirement, Sec. 12-17-213 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Athletic Trainers, Board of, treatment of physically active individual provided, relationship between trainer and supervising or referring physician provided, Jt. Committee of St. Board of Medical Examiners and Board of Athletic Trainers created, Sec. 34-40-3.2 added; Secs. 34-40-2, 34-40-3, 34-40-5, 34-40-6, 34-40-9, 34-40-10, 34-40-15, 34-40-16 am'd.. Description: Athletic Trainers, Board of, treatment of physically active individual provided, relationship between trainer and supervising or referring physician provided, Jt. Committee of St. Board of Medical Examiners and Board of Athletic Trainers created, Sec. 34-40-3.2 added; Secs. 34-40-2, 34-40-3, 34-40-5, 34-40-6, 34-40-9, 34-40-10, 34-40-15, 34-40-16 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Shelby Co., privately owned sewer systems using public rights-of-way of public roads, required to be regulated and certified by PSC, const. amend.. Description: Shelby Co., privately owned sewer systems using public rights-of-way of public roads, required to be regulated and certified by PSC, const. amend.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Wireless telecommunications, installation and deployment of small wireless facilities and associated poles, towers, and base stations on the public rights-of-way, authorized. Description: Wireless telecommunications, installation and deployment of small wireless facilities and associated poles, towers, and base stations on the public rights-of-way, authorized
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: State government, purchasing, Office of Chief Procurement Officer, established in Finance Dept., Division of Purchasing, abolished, Secs. 41-4-110 to 41-4-161, inclusive, 41-16-20 to 41-16-32, incl., 41-16-70 to 41-16-79, incl., repealed; Secs. 41-4-110 to 41-4-116, incl., 41-4-120 to 41-4-151, incl., 41-4-155, 41-4-160 to 41-4-168, incl., 41-4-170 to 41-4-178, incl., added; Sec. 41-4-66, 41-16-50 am'd.. Description: State government, purchasing, Office of Chief Procurement Officer, established in Finance Dept., Division of Purchasing, abolished, Secs. 41-4-110 to 41-4-161, inclusive, 41-16-20 to 41-16-32, incl., 41-16-70 to 41-16-79, incl., repealed; Secs. 41-4-110 to 41-4-116, incl., 41-4-120 to 41-4-151, incl., 41-4-155, 41-4-160 to 41-4-168, incl., 41-4-170 to 41-4-178, incl., added; Sec. 41-4-66, 41-16-50 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Technology, Alabama Council on Advanced Technology, estab., to advise Governor and Legislature, members, duties. Description: Technology, Alabama Council on Advanced Technology, estab., to advise Governor and Legislature, members, duties
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Employees' Retirement System Board of Control, membership revised, diversity language included, terms of service further provided for, Sec. 36-27-23 am'd.. Description: Employees' Retirement System Board of Control, membership revised, diversity language included, terms of service further provided for, Sec. 36-27-23 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Military installations, land use planning, counties and municipalities to give notice re tall structures and wind energy facilities, Sec. 11-106-6 added; Secs. 11-106-3, 11-106-4 am'd.. Description: Military installations, land use planning, counties and municipalities to give notice re tall structures and wind energy facilities, Sec. 11-106-6 added; Secs. 11-106-3, 11-106-4 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Armory Commission, membership increased from nine to 15 members, Secs. 31-4-1, 31-4-3 am'd.. Description: Armory Commission, membership increased from nine to 15 members, Secs. 31-4-1, 31-4-3 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Physical Therapy Licensure Compact, adopted, licensed physical therapists authorized to practice among compact member states. Description: Physical Therapy Licensure Compact, adopted, licensed physical therapists authorized to practice among compact member states
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Higher education, state colleges and institutions, resident student status to minor children of military service members stationed in Ala. provided, status to remain valid even if the parent is reassigned out of state if student maintains continuous enrollment at the institution, Sec. 16-64-2 am'd.. Description: Higher education, state colleges and institutions, resident student status to minor children of military service members stationed in Ala. provided, status to remain valid even if the parent is reassigned out of state if student maintains continuous enrollment at the institution, Sec. 16-64-2 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Alabama Job Creation and Military Stability Commission, membership, to include one senator and one representative appointed by Lt. Governor and Speaker of the House, from the minority caucus, Sec. 31-14-3 am'd.. Description: Alabama Job Creation and Military Stability Commission, membership, to include one senator and one representative appointed by Lt. Governor and Speaker of the House, from the minority caucus, Sec. 31-14-3 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Elder abuse, court documents, redaction of contact information when released, authority for elderly persons to hire attorneys, Sec. 38-9F-6 am'd.. Description: Elder abuse, court documents, redaction of contact information when released, authority for elderly persons to hire attorneys, Sec. 38-9F-6 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: District attorneys, assistant district attorneys, not subject to co. personnel systems, Sec. 12-17-220.1 am'd.. Description: District attorneys, assistant district attorneys, not subject to co. personnel systems, Sec. 12-17-220.1 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Class 1 municipalities, entertainment districts, authorized to have 15, under certain conditions, Sec. 28-3A-17.1 am'd.. Description: Class 1 municipalities, entertainment districts, authorized to have 15, under certain conditions, Sec. 28-3A-17.1 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: TWG 2021 Birmingham Foundation, exempt from state, county, and municipal sales and use tax, license and ad valorem taxes, Sec. 40-9-26.2 added. Description: TWG 2021 Birmingham Foundation, exempt from state, county, and municipal sales and use tax, license and ad valorem taxes, Sec. 40-9-26.2 added
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Traffic stops, racial profiling by law enforcement officers, prohibited, written policies, forms for statistics, and reports to Attorney General required, provision for complaints, reporting and collection of data on injuries to officers, required. Description: Traffic stops, racial profiling by law enforcement officers, prohibited, written policies, forms for statistics, and reports to Attorney General required, provision for complaints, reporting and collection of data on injuries to officers, required
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Public K-12 education, State Department of Education required to develop a program to address the mental health of students (Tier II students) who are considered at-risk for developing inadequate social-behavioral skills, such as ADHD or anger management issues. Description: Public K-12 education, State Department of Education required to develop a program to address the mental health of students (Tier II students) who are considered at-risk for developing inadequate social-behavioral skills, such as ADHD or anger management issues
In 2021, Alabama enrolled a bill titled: Literacy Act, third grade retention requirement postponed until 2024-2025 school year, Sec. 16-6G-5 am'd.. Description: Literacy Act, third grade retention requirement postponed until 2024-2025 school year, Sec. 16-6G-5 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Corporations, AL Business and Nonprofit Entities Code, amended to clarify relationship between chapters and various sections in Title 10A, Secs. 10A-1-5.18, 10A-2A-2.01,10A-2A-8.30, 10A-2A-8.31, 10A-2A-8.42, 10A-2A-8.43, 10A-2A-8.59, 10A-2A-9.01, 10A-2A-10.06, 10A-2A-10.07, 10A-2A-10.08, 10A-2A-11.01, 10A-2A-13.01, 10A-2A-16.01,10A-3-1.05, 10A-8A-4.10, 10A-8A-8.06, 10A-8A-8.09, 10A-8A-8.10, 10A-8A-9.01 added; Secs 10A-1-1.02, 10A-1-1.03, and 10A-1-4.02, 10A-2A-1.40,10A-2A-1.41, 10A-2A-2.02,10A-2A-7.20, 10A-3-1.02, 10A-3-2.02, 10A-3-2.03, 10A-3-2.09, 10A-3-2.21, 10A-5A-1.02, 10A-5A-2.01, 10A-5A-2.02, 10A-5A-7.02, 10A-5A-7.04, 10A-5A-7.05, 10A-5A-7.06, 10A-5A-7.07, 10A-5A-11.10, 10A-5A-11.12, 10A-5A-11.13, 10A-5A-11.14, 10A-5A-11.15, 10A-8A-1.02, 10A-8A-8.02, 10A-8A-8.07, 10A-9A-1.02, 10A-9A-2.01, 10A-9A-2.02, 10A-9A-4.06, 10A-9A-4.07, 10A-9A-8.02, 10A-9A-8.06, 10A-9A-8.07, 10A-9A-8.09, 10A-9A-8.10, 10A-9A-10.01 am'd.. Description: Corporations, AL Business and Nonprofit Entities Code, amended to clarify relationship between chapters and various sections in Title 10A, Secs. 10A-1-5.18, 10A-2A-2.01,10A-2A-8.30, 10A-2A-8.31, 10A-2A-8.42, 10A-2A-8.43, 10A-2A-8.59, 10A-2A-9.01, 10A-2A-10.06, 10A-2A-10.07, 10A-2A-10.08, 10A-2A-11.01, 10A-2A-13.01, 10A-2A-16.01,10A-3-1.05, 10A-8A-4.10, 10A-8A-8.06, 10A-8A-8.09, 10A-8A-8.10, 10A-8A-9.01 added; Secs 10A-1-1.02, 10A-1-1.03, and 10A-1-4.02, 10A-2A-1.40,10A-2A-1.41, 10A-2A-2.02,10A-2A-7.20, 10A-3-1.02, 10A-3-2.02, 10A-3-2.03, 10A-3-2.09, 10A-3-2.21, 10A-5A-1.02, 10A-5A-2.01, 10A-5A-2.02, 10A-5A-7.02, 10A-5A-7.04, 10A-5A-7.05, 10A-5A-7.06, 10A-5A-7.07, 10A-5A-11.10, 10A-5A-11.12, 10A-5A-11.13, 10A-5A-11.14, 10A-5A-11.15, 10A-8A-1.02, 10A-8A-8.02, 10A-8A-8.07, 10A-9A-1.02, 10A-9A-2.01, 10A-9A-2.02, 10A-9A-4.06, 10A-9A-4.07, 10A-9A-8.02, 10A-9A-8.06, 10A-9A-8.07, 10A-9A-8.09, 10A-9A-8.10, 10A-9A-10.01 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: State Health Officer, order issued in response to outbreak of a disease has full force of law if approved by Governor and filed with Secretary of State in state of emergency, Sec. 11-47-132 repealed; Secs. 22-2-8, 31-9-8, 31-9-13 am'd.. Description: State Health Officer, order issued in response to outbreak of a disease has full force of law if approved by Governor and filed with Secretary of State in state of emergency, Sec. 11-47-132 repealed; Secs. 22-2-8, 31-9-8, 31-9-13 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Psychologists, Psychology Interjurisdictional Compact, licensed psychologists authorized to practice on a limited basis among compact member states. Description: Psychologists, Psychology Interjurisdictional Compact, licensed psychologists authorized to practice on a limited basis among compact member states
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Madden, Paige, commended. Description: Madden, Paige, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: School Choice and Student Opportunity Act, formation of charter schools on or near military installation, with focus on serving military dependents, authorized, Sec. 16-6F-5 am'd.. Description: School Choice and Student Opportunity Act, formation of charter schools on or near military installation, with focus on serving military dependents, authorized, Sec. 16-6F-5 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Conservation and Natural Resources Dept., disabled veteran lifetime hunting and fishing licenses, fees, disposition, Sec. 9-11-65.3 added.. Description: Conservation and Natural Resources Dept., disabled veteran lifetime hunting and fishing licenses, fees, disposition, Sec. 9-11-65.3 added.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: National Guard benefits, increase survivor and education benefits, Secs. 31-3-2, 31-6-4, 31-12-1, 31-12-2 am'd.. Description: National Guard benefits, increase survivor and education benefits, Secs. 31-3-2, 31-6-4, 31-12-1, 31-12-2 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Municipalities, police jurisdictions may not be extended, municipal planning jurisdiction limited, audit of expenditure of fees in police jurisdiction, Secs. 11-40-10, 11-51-91, 11-52-30 am'd.. Description: Municipalities, police jurisdictions may not be extended, municipal planning jurisdiction limited, audit of expenditure of fees in police jurisdiction, Secs. 11-40-10, 11-51-91, 11-52-30 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Military Dept., clarifying the method of appointment and confirmation of the Adjutant General and general officers of the National Guard, to provide for the compensation of the Adjutant General, and to revise qualifications of the Adjutant General, Secs. 31-2-55, 31-2-58, 31-2-72 am'd.. Description: Military Dept., clarifying the method of appointment and confirmation of the Adjutant General and general officers of the National Guard, to provide for the compensation of the Adjutant General, and to revise qualifications of the Adjutant General, Secs. 31-2-55, 31-2-58, 31-2-72 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Competitive bidding, awarding authority allowed to negotiate with lowest bidder when all bids exceed available funding, Sec. 39-2-6 am'd.. Description: Competitive bidding, awarding authority allowed to negotiate with lowest bidder when all bids exceed available funding, Sec. 39-2-6 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Taxation, sales of land for taxes, conducted on premises of or within courthouse or courthouse annex, Sec. 40-10-15 am'd.. Description: Taxation, sales of land for taxes, conducted on premises of or within courthouse or courthouse annex, Sec. 40-10-15 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Emergencies or disasters, declared by President or Governor, Dept. of Rev. Commissioner authorized to waive International Fuel Tax Agreement and International Registration Plan relating to motor vehicles, Secs. 23-8-6, 40-2-11, 40-12-242.1, 40-17-335 am'd.. Description: Emergencies or disasters, declared by President or Governor, Dept. of Rev. Commissioner authorized to waive International Fuel Tax Agreement and International Registration Plan relating to motor vehicles, Secs. 23-8-6, 40-2-11, 40-12-242.1, 40-17-335 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Artificial intelligence, limit the use of facial recognition, to ensure artificial intelligence is not the only basis for arrest. Description: Artificial intelligence, limit the use of facial recognition, to ensure artificial intelligence is not the only basis for arrest
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Taxation, registration fees and ad valorem taxes for utility trailers, exemptions provided for, Sec. 32-11-2 am'd.. Description: Taxation, registration fees and ad valorem taxes for utility trailers, exemptions provided for, Sec. 32-11-2 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Respiratory Therapy, State Board of, add'l consumer member appointed by Governor, Sec. 34-27B-5 am'd.. Description: Respiratory Therapy, State Board of, add'l consumer member appointed by Governor, Sec. 34-27B-5 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Expungement, to expand the expungement of criminal records to include convictions of certain misdemeanor offenses, traffic violations, municipal ordinances, and felony offenses, to increase the filing fee for expungements, Secs. 15-27-1, 15-27-2, 15-27-4, 15-27-5, 15-27-7 to 15-27-10, inclusive, 15-27-19 am'd.. Description: Expungement, to expand the expungement of criminal records to include convictions of certain misdemeanor offenses, traffic violations, municipal ordinances, and felony offenses, to increase the filing fee for expungements, Secs. 15-27-1, 15-27-2, 15-27-4, 15-27-5, 15-27-7 to 15-27-10, inclusive, 15-27-19 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Voting rights restoration, application requirement eliminated, Board of Pardons and Paroles to determine eligibility to receive Certificate of Eligibility to Register to Vote, eliminate requirement to pay all fines, court costs and fees, Secs. 15-22-36.1, 17-3-31 am'd.. Description: Voting rights restoration, application requirement eliminated, Board of Pardons and Paroles to determine eligibility to receive Certificate of Eligibility to Register to Vote, eliminate requirement to pay all fines, court costs and fees, Secs. 15-22-36.1, 17-3-31 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Municipal elections, dates for, revised, ballot printing requirements further provided for, time frames for run-off elections specified, Secs. 11-46-6, 11-46-21, 11-46-22, 11-46-25, 11-46-26, 11-46-55, 17-11-12 am'd.. Description: Municipal elections, dates for, revised, ballot printing requirements further provided for, time frames for run-off elections specified, Secs. 11-46-6, 11-46-21, 11-46-22, 11-46-25, 11-46-26, 11-46-55, 17-11-12 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Veterans Affairs Dept., purchasing and sale of certain promotional items authorized, Secs. 31-5-4, 31-5-6, 31-5-9, 31-5-14 am'd.. Description: Veterans Affairs Dept., purchasing and sale of certain promotional items authorized, Secs. 31-5-4, 31-5-6, 31-5-9, 31-5-14 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Board of Medical Examiners and Medical Licensure Commission, confidentiality of board meetings, accreditation organizations updated, and requirements for a certificate of qualification, temporary certificates of qualification and licensing of physicians and assistants to physician in state under military orders, Secs. 34-24-70.1, 34-24-301.1 added; Secs. 34-24-60, 34-24-70, 34-24-297, 34-24-302, 34-24-337, 34-24-361 am'd.. Description: Board of Medical Examiners and Medical Licensure Commission, confidentiality of board meetings, accreditation organizations updated, and requirements for a certificate of qualification, temporary certificates of qualification and licensing of physicians and assistants to physician in state under military orders, Secs. 34-24-70.1, 34-24-301.1 added; Secs. 34-24-60, 34-24-70, 34-24-297, 34-24-302, 34-24-337, 34-24-361 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Alcoholic beverages, delivery service license, established, requirements for issuance, limits on delivery of beer, wine, and spirits, Secs. 28-1-4, 28-3-1, 28-3A-13, 28-3A-14 am'd.. Description: Alcoholic beverages, delivery service license, established, requirements for issuance, limits on delivery of beer, wine, and spirits, Secs. 28-1-4, 28-3-1, 28-3A-13, 28-3A-14 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Lee Co., boards of registrars, increase maximum number of days board may meet each year, Sec. 17-3-8 am'd.. Description: Lee Co., boards of registrars, increase maximum number of days board may meet each year, Sec. 17-3-8 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Audiology and Speech-Language Pathology Interstate Compact, adopted, licensees authorized to practice among compact member states. Description: Audiology and Speech-Language Pathology Interstate Compact, adopted, licensees authorized to practice among compact member states
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Etowah County, require animal byproduct processing facilities to compensate property owners for devaluation, tipping fees authorized, removal of abandoned facilities. Description: Etowah County, require animal byproduct processing facilities to compensate property owners for devaluation, tipping fees authorized, removal of abandoned facilities
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Wallace-Folsom Savings Investment Plan Act, ACES Program, name of and name of Admin Fund and savings accounts changed to AL Comprehensive Education Savings Program, definitions clarified, Secs. 16-33C-3, 16-33C-10 am'd.. Description: Wallace-Folsom Savings Investment Plan Act, ACES Program, name of and name of Admin Fund and savings accounts changed to AL Comprehensive Education Savings Program, definitions clarified, Secs. 16-33C-3, 16-33C-10 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Administrative Procedure, Legislative Services Agency, Administrative Code, requirement to publish in loose-leaf form, removed, publication of Administrative Code and Administrative Monthly in print format or electronic format, or both, Sec. 41-22-7 am'd.. Description: Administrative Procedure, Legislative Services Agency, Administrative Code, requirement to publish in loose-leaf form, removed, publication of Administrative Code and Administrative Monthly in print format or electronic format, or both, Sec. 41-22-7 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Code of Alabama 1975, Acts of 2019 Regular Session and 2020 Regular Session, supplements and certain replacement volumes, codified with certain corrections, local laws of certain counties codified, duties of Secretary of State. Description: Code of Alabama 1975, Acts of 2019 Regular Session and 2020 Regular Session, supplements and certain replacement volumes, codified with certain corrections, local laws of certain counties codified, duties of Secretary of State
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: State Parks, Joint Legislative Committee on, appointment of two additional committee members, Sec. 9-14A-21 am'd.. Description: State Parks, Joint Legislative Committee on, appointment of two additional committee members, Sec. 9-14A-21 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Insurance Department, Commissioner, Standard Valuation Law, small company alternative valuation, condition for revised, Sec. 27-36A-20 am'd.. Description: Insurance Department, Commissioner, Standard Valuation Law, small company alternative valuation, condition for revised, Sec. 27-36A-20 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Storage facilities, self-service, Self-Service Storage Facilities Act, created, definitions, operator's liens, authorized, Secs. 8-15-40 to 8-15-49, inclusive, added; Secs. 8-15-30 to 8-15-38, inclusive, repealed. Description: Storage facilities, self-service, Self-Service Storage Facilities Act, created, definitions, operator's liens, authorized, Secs. 8-15-40 to 8-15-49, inclusive, added; Secs. 8-15-30 to 8-15-38, inclusive, repealed
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Taxation, Victims of Crime and Leniency, Incorporated, exempt from state, county and municipal sales and use taxes. Description: Taxation, Victims of Crime and Leniency, Incorporated, exempt from state, county and municipal sales and use taxes
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Self-service food vendors, vending machines and micro markets defined, Agriculture and Industries to regulate. Description: Self-service food vendors, vending machines and micro markets defined, Agriculture and Industries to regulate
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Lead reduction, revise authority of Dept of Public Health to administer program, Secs. 22-37A-2 to 22-37A-7, inclusive, am'd.. Description: Lead reduction, revise authority of Dept of Public Health to administer program, Secs. 22-37A-2 to 22-37A-7, inclusive, am'd.
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Donated foods, donors of game meat immune from liability under certain conditions, Sec. 20-1-6 am'd.. Description: Donated foods, donors of game meat immune from liability under certain conditions, Sec. 20-1-6 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Taxation, Most Worshipful Prince Hall Grand Lodge Free and Accepted Masons of Alabama and the Most Worshipful Grand Lodge F, and A.M. of Alabama, exempt from sales, county and municipal fees and taxes. Description: Taxation, Most Worshipful Prince Hall Grand Lodge Free and Accepted Masons of Alabama and the Most Worshipful Grand Lodge F, and A.M. of Alabama, exempt from sales, county and municipal fees and taxes
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Lauderdale Co., public forums, municipalities may designate, permits. Description: Lauderdale Co., public forums, municipalities may designate, permits
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Law enforcement, procedures to create a database to maintain law enforcement information providing civil protections, providing for background checks and pre-employment checks. Description: Law enforcement, procedures to create a database to maintain law enforcement information providing civil protections, providing for background checks and pre-employment checks
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Cottage food production operations, allow online sales, remove gross receipts cap, require certain nutrition information to be included on product labels, Sec. 22-20-5.1 am'd.. Description: Cottage food production operations, allow online sales, remove gross receipts cap, require certain nutrition information to be included on product labels, Sec. 22-20-5.1 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Consumer protection, deceptive trade practices, pyramid sales structure, further provided, Secs. 8-19-3, 8-19-5 am'd.. Description: Consumer protection, deceptive trade practices, pyramid sales structure, further provided, Secs. 8-19-3, 8-19-5 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Wine festivals authorized, licensed by ABC Board, allow tastings and sale of wine, Sec. 28-3A-20.3 added.. Description: Wine festivals authorized, licensed by ABC Board, allow tastings and sale of wine, Sec. 28-3A-20.3 added.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Etowah Co., beer tax, distrib, to local boards of education further specified, Sec. 45-28-20 am'd.. Description: Etowah Co., beer tax, distrib, to local boards of education further specified, Sec. 45-28-20 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: State Port Authority, director, appointment of additional employees at executive level, terms of certain contracts exempt from state confidentiality laws, Secs. 33-1-3, 33-1-39 am'd.. Description: State Port Authority, director, appointment of additional employees at executive level, terms of certain contracts exempt from state confidentiality laws, Secs. 33-1-3, 33-1-39 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Tuskegee University, appropriation. Description: Tuskegee University, appropriation
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Building Exceptional School Board Team Act (BEST), provides further for boardsmanship standards, training, and discipline of local bd. of education members, Sec. 16-1-41.1 repealed; Secs. 16-8-1, 16-11-2 am'd.. Description: Building Exceptional School Board Team Act (BEST), provides further for boardsmanship standards, training, and discipline of local bd. of education members, Sec. 16-1-41.1 repealed; Secs. 16-8-1, 16-11-2 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Sweet potato, official state vegetable, designated. Description: Sweet potato, official state vegetable, designated
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Agricultural lime, required to be labeled with relative neutralizing value as defined, Secs. 2-23-2, 2-23-4 am'd.. Description: Agricultural lime, required to be labeled with relative neutralizing value as defined, Secs. 2-23-2, 2-23-4 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Class 1 mun. (Birmingham), business improvement districts, self-help, requirements to estab., amend, expand, and terminate, Secs. 11-54B-5, 11-54B-7, 11-54B-10, 11-54B-19 am'd.. Description: Class 1 mun. (Birmingham), business improvement districts, self-help, requirements to estab., amend, expand, and terminate, Secs. 11-54B-5, 11-54B-7, 11-54B-10, 11-54B-19 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Parole, Board of Pardons and Paroles, violations, confinement period for parole violation reduced for time served in holding, Sec. 15-22-32 am'd.. Description: Parole, Board of Pardons and Paroles, violations, confinement period for parole violation reduced for time served in holding, Sec. 15-22-32 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Nursing, Board of, authorized to establish standards for student nurse apprenticeships and to issue apprentice permits, Sec. 34-21-2 am'd.. Description: Nursing, Board of, authorized to establish standards for student nurse apprenticeships and to issue apprentice permits, Sec. 34-21-2 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Financial institutions, elderly or vulnerable adults, refusal or delay in execution of certain financial transactions authorized when financial exploitation may have occurred or attempted. Description: Financial institutions, elderly or vulnerable adults, refusal or delay in execution of certain financial transactions authorized when financial exploitation may have occurred or attempted
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Board of Nursing, licensed nurses, delegation of certain tasks to nonlicensed persons authorized, prohibit agency other than board to certify or train licensed nurses in order to delegate nursing care. Description: Board of Nursing, licensed nurses, delegation of certain tasks to nonlicensed persons authorized, prohibit agency other than board to certify or train licensed nurses in order to delegate nursing care
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Controlled substance database, access by board of nursing authorized for monitoring licensees, Sec. 20-2-214 am'd.. Description: Controlled substance database, access by board of nursing authorized for monitoring licensees, Sec. 20-2-214 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Public education employees, including K-12, postsecondary education, and AIDB, salary increase. Description: Public education employees, including K-12, postsecondary education, and AIDB, salary increase
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Education budget, appropriations for the support, maintenance, and development of public education. Description: Education budget, appropriations for the support, maintenance, and development of public education
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Supplemental appropriations from Education Trust Fund to specified agencies, supp. approp. for fiscal year ending Sept. 30, 2021.. Description: Supplemental appropriations from Education Trust Fund to specified agencies, supp. approp. for fiscal year ending Sept. 30, 2021.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Lyman Ward Military Academy, appropriation. Description: Lyman Ward Military Academy, appropriation
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Talladega College, appropriation. Description: Talladega College, appropriation
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Appropriations, supplemental appropriations for fiscal year ending September 30, 2021, from the Education Trust Fund Advancement and Technology Fund to various school systems and colleges and universities, and other entities. Description: Appropriations, supplemental appropriations for fiscal year ending September 30, 2021, from the Education Trust Fund Advancement and Technology Fund to various school systems and colleges and universities, and other entities
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Motor vehicles, driving offenses, administrative suspension periods revised for certain driving offenses, Secs. 32-5-192, 32-5A-195, 32-5A-304 am'd.. Description: Motor vehicles, driving offenses, administrative suspension periods revised for certain driving offenses, Secs. 32-5-192, 32-5A-195, 32-5A-304 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Criminal procedure, traffic violations, required dismissal under certain conditions. Description: Criminal procedure, traffic violations, required dismissal under certain conditions
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Motor vehicles, certificates of title, certain notarization requirements waived, collection of commissions, further provided, issuance of new certificates of title, further provided, Secs. 32-8-3, 32-8-7, 32-8-35, 32-8-43, 32-20-3, 32-20-5, 32-20-23, 32-20-29 am'd.. Description: Motor vehicles, certificates of title, certain notarization requirements waived, collection of commissions, further provided, issuance of new certificates of title, further provided, Secs. 32-8-3, 32-8-7, 32-8-35, 32-8-43, 32-20-3, 32-20-5, 32-20-23, 32-20-29 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Colbert and Lauderdale Counties, Shoals Economic Development Fund may be used for Workforce Training and Development Center, Sec. 45-17-91.23 am'd.. Description: Colbert and Lauderdale Counties, Shoals Economic Development Fund may be used for Workforce Training and Development Center, Sec. 45-17-91.23 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Pharmacy, State Board of, licensure requirements for pharmacists revised, continuing education requirements to be set by board rule, Secs. 34-23-51, 34-23-52 am'd.. Description: Pharmacy, State Board of, licensure requirements for pharmacists revised, continuing education requirements to be set by board rule, Secs. 34-23-51, 34-23-52 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Education, K-12, procedural due process protection for suspensions and expulsions provided, findings, hearing officers, Sec. 16-1-14 am'd.. Description: Education, K-12, procedural due process protection for suspensions and expulsions provided, findings, hearing officers, Sec. 16-1-14 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Bail Bond Regulatory Act, qualifications of Professional Bail Bonding Board and fees revised, temporary licenses provided, Secs. 15-13-201, 15-13-202, 15-13-203, 15-13-206, 15-13-207, 15-13-209, 15-13-210, 15-13-211, 15-13-214, 15-13-217 am'd.. Description: Bail Bond Regulatory Act, qualifications of Professional Bail Bonding Board and fees revised, temporary licenses provided, Secs. 15-13-201, 15-13-202, 15-13-203, 15-13-206, 15-13-207, 15-13-209, 15-13-210, 15-13-211, 15-13-214, 15-13-217 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Home inspectors, limitations period or liability, provided, Sec. 34-14B-11 added; Sec. 34-14B-3 am'd.. Description: Home inspectors, limitations period or liability, provided, Sec. 34-14B-11 added; Sec. 34-14B-3 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Juveniles, law enforcement records, release further provided for, Sec. 12-15-134 am'd.. Description: Juveniles, law enforcement records, release further provided for, Sec. 12-15-134 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Montgomery Co., judge of probate, required to be an attorney, equity jurisdiction under certain conditions, const. amend.. Description: Montgomery Co., judge of probate, required to be an attorney, equity jurisdiction under certain conditions, const. amend.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Etowah Co., business license tax, farmers and timber growers exempt, Sec. 45-28-200 am'd.. Description: Etowah Co., business license tax, farmers and timber growers exempt, Sec. 45-28-200 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Criminal procedure, asset forfeiture for drug offenses provided, Secs. 20-2-93 am'd.. Description: Criminal procedure, asset forfeiture for drug offenses provided, Secs. 20-2-93 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Off-road vehicles, all-terrain vehicles (ATV's) and recreational off-road vehicles, registration with Ala. State Law Enforcement Agency, width and weight restrictions increased, Sec. 32-12A-1 am'd.. Description: Off-road vehicles, all-terrain vehicles (ATV's) and recreational off-road vehicles, registration with Ala. State Law Enforcement Agency, width and weight restrictions increased, Sec. 32-12A-1 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Jefferson Co., retirement system for county employees, reemployment with county, benefits not reduced if reemployed two years after retirement or after two years of reemployment, certain provisions for reduction amended and repealed, Sec. 45-37-123.54 am'd; Sec. 45-37-123.105 repealed. Description: Jefferson Co., retirement system for county employees, reemployment with county, benefits not reduced if reemployed two years after retirement or after two years of reemployment, certain provisions for reduction amended and repealed, Sec. 45-37-123.54 am'd; Sec. 45-37-123.105 repealed
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Digital Expansion Authority, composition and duties, development of Statewide Connectivity Plan, Alabama University Research Alliance, created, Alabama Digital Finance Authority created, Connect Alabama Act of 2021. Description: Digital Expansion Authority, composition and duties, development of Statewide Connectivity Plan, Alabama University Research Alliance, created, Alabama Digital Finance Authority created, Connect Alabama Act of 2021
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: State Textbook Committee, publishers permitted to provide standards correlation evidence to State Dept. of Education, State Superintendent of Education to convene other instructional materials review committees to review and rate materials and to establish evaluation criteria, Sec. 16-36-73 added; Secs. 16-36-60, 16-36-60.1, 16-36-65 am'd.. Description: State Textbook Committee, publishers permitted to provide standards correlation evidence to State Dept. of Education, State Superintendent of Education to convene other instructional materials review committees to review and rate materials and to establish evaluation criteria, Sec. 16-36-73 added; Secs. 16-36-60, 16-36-60.1, 16-36-65 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Taxation, sales and use tax exemptions for bullion, bullion defined further, sales and use tax exemption extended, reporting requirements waived for certain recipients of tax exemption, Sec. 40-9-61, 40-23-4 am'd.. Description: Taxation, sales and use tax exemptions for bullion, bullion defined further, sales and use tax exemption extended, reporting requirements waived for certain recipients of tax exemption, Sec. 40-9-61, 40-23-4 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Highway, roads, and bridges, contracts or subcontracts for public works, provisions requiring a party to indemnify another party for damages caused by the other party prohibited. Description: Highway, roads, and bridges, contracts or subcontracts for public works, provisions requiring a party to indemnify another party for damages caused by the other party prohibited
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Corrections Dept., to create Deputy Commissioner of Prison Rehabilitation within Dept. of Corrections, to create Deputy Director for Parolee Rehabilitation within Board of Pardons and Paroles, to create the Study Commission on Interagency Cooperation and Collaboration on the Rehabilitation and Reintegration of Formerly Incarcerated Individuals and to provide for its duties, to provide for membership, Sec. 14-1-1.5 am'd.. Description: Corrections Dept., to create Deputy Commissioner of Prison Rehabilitation within Dept. of Corrections, to create Deputy Director for Parolee Rehabilitation within Board of Pardons and Paroles, to create the Study Commission on Interagency Cooperation and Collaboration on the Rehabilitation and Reintegration of Formerly Incarcerated Individuals and to provide for its duties, to provide for membership, Sec. 14-1-1.5 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Tuscaloosa Co., sales and use tax, referendum required to levy new or increase sales and use taxes, const. amend.. Description: Tuscaloosa Co., sales and use tax, referendum required to levy new or increase sales and use taxes, const. amend.
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Foster homes, defines additional types of foster family homes, may include related parties and therapeutic homes, Sec. 38-7-2 am'd.. Description: Foster homes, defines additional types of foster family homes, may include related parties and therapeutic homes, Sec. 38-7-2 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Pharmacy benefits managers, practices relating to patient steering, price discrimination, fiduciary duty to client, price disclosure, etc. regulated, Dept of Insurance, duties and authorities revised, Act 2019-457, 2019 Reg. Sess., sections amended and renumbered; Secs. 27-45A-8 to 27-45A-12, inclusive, added; Secs. 10A-20-6.16, 27-21A-23, 27-45A-3, 27-45A-4, 27-45A-5, 27-45A-6, 27-45A-7 am'd.. Description: Pharmacy benefits managers, practices relating to patient steering, price discrimination, fiduciary duty to client, price disclosure, etc. regulated, Dept of Insurance, duties and authorities revised, Act 2019-457, 2019 Reg. Sess., sections amended and renumbered; Secs. 27-45A-8 to 27-45A-12, inclusive, added; Secs. 10A-20-6.16, 27-21A-23, 27-45A-3, 27-45A-4, 27-45A-5, 27-45A-6, 27-45A-7 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Taxation, individual income tax, income tax deduction up to five thousand dollars per annum for contributions made to Alabama Achieving a Better Life Experience (ABLE) savings account, Sec. 40-18-15.8 added. Description: Taxation, individual income tax, income tax deduction up to five thousand dollars per annum for contributions made to Alabama Achieving a Better Life Experience (ABLE) savings account, Sec. 40-18-15.8 added
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Motor vehicles, speeding violations, arrest or conviction not subject to jail time, Sec. 32-5A-179 added.. Description: Motor vehicles, speeding violations, arrest or conviction not subject to jail time, Sec. 32-5A-179 added.
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Elections, qualified visually impaired voters may vote absentee ballot under certain conditions, Sec. 17-11-3.1 am'd.. Description: Elections, qualified visually impaired voters may vote absentee ballot under certain conditions, Sec. 17-11-3.1 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Attorney General, required to provide opinion to state legislature under certain conditions, Sec. 36-15-1 am'd.. Description: Attorney General, required to provide opinion to state legislature under certain conditions, Sec. 36-15-1 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Cherokee County, revenue commissioner and sheriff, salary, continuing annual training for sheriff. Description: Cherokee County, revenue commissioner and sheriff, salary, continuing annual training for sheriff
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Etowah County, municipalities, occupational taxes, phased out, advantage economic development sites, employees in police jurisdiction or annexed, exempt, new occupational taxes or increased taxes, prohibited, const. amend.. Description: Etowah County, municipalities, occupational taxes, phased out, advantage economic development sites, employees in police jurisdiction or annexed, exempt, new occupational taxes or increased taxes, prohibited, const. amend.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: House of Representatives, Special Order Calendar. Description: House of Representatives, Special Order Calendar
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Call centers, certain terms further defined, to require employers relocating call centers to notify Secretary of Commerce Dept. rather than the Dept. of Economic and Community Affairs director, Act 2019-374, 2019 Reg. Sess., am'd; Sec. 41-23-230, 41-23-231, 41-23-235 am'd.. Description: Call centers, certain terms further defined, to require employers relocating call centers to notify Secretary of Commerce Dept. rather than the Dept. of Economic and Community Affairs director, Act 2019-374, 2019 Reg. Sess., am'd; Sec. 41-23-230, 41-23-231, 41-23-235 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Elmore Co., constable, office abolished. Description: Elmore Co., constable, office abolished
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Elmore Co., alcoholic beverages, draft or keg beer, sale authorized. Description: Elmore Co., alcoholic beverages, draft or keg beer, sale authorized
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Elmore County, co. engineer, terms of employment by co. commission, provisions for employment at will deleted, Sec. 45-26-130 am'd.. Description: Elmore County, co. engineer, terms of employment by co. commission, provisions for employment at will deleted, Sec. 45-26-130 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Redevelopment Authorities, qualification for directors, Sec. 11-54A-7 am'd.. Description: Redevelopment Authorities, qualification for directors, Sec. 11-54A-7 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Motor vehicles, authorized volunteer firefighter vehicles, authorized to be equipped with emergency lights, certain operating privileges, provided, Sec. 32-5A-7.1 added.. Description: Motor vehicles, authorized volunteer firefighter vehicles, authorized to be equipped with emergency lights, certain operating privileges, provided, Sec. 32-5A-7.1 added.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Driver license, to provide additional circumstances in which an expert witness may give expert testimony, provide for add'l chemical tests that may be used to determine if a person was driving under the influence, to provide for who can draw blood, provide that a witness may provide testimony on the results of horizontal gaze nystagmus test, Secs. 12-21-160, 32-5-192, 32-5-200, 32-5A-194, 32-5A-300, 32-5A-301, 32-5A-302, 32-5A-303, 32-5A-304, 32-5A-306, 32-5A-307, 32-5A-308, 32-6-49.13 am'd.. Description: Driver license, to provide additional circumstances in which an expert witness may give expert testimony, provide for add'l chemical tests that may be used to determine if a person was driving under the influence, to provide for who can draw blood, provide that a witness may provide testimony on the results of horizontal gaze nystagmus test, Secs. 12-21-160, 32-5-192, 32-5-200, 32-5A-194, 32-5A-300, 32-5A-301, 32-5A-302, 32-5A-303, 32-5A-304, 32-5A-306, 32-5A-307, 32-5A-308, 32-6-49.13 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Public contracts, competitive bids, further provided, local preference zone, further provided, Sec. 41-16-50 am'd.. Description: Public contracts, competitive bids, further provided, local preference zone, further provided, Sec. 41-16-50 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Design professionals, including architects, landscape architects, surveyors, engineers, or geologists, contracts for professional services of, required indemnification provisions in contracts for liability of third party prohibited. Description: Design professionals, including architects, landscape architects, surveyors, engineers, or geologists, contracts for professional services of, required indemnification provisions in contracts for liability of third party prohibited
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Jordan, Troy, death mourned. Description: Jordan, Troy, death mourned
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Hunting, feral swine and coyote hunting at night permitted with an appropriate license under certain circumstances, Sec. 9-11-235 am'd.. Description: Hunting, feral swine and coyote hunting at night permitted with an appropriate license under certain circumstances, Sec. 9-11-235 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Vaccine passports, prohibited, entities prohibited from requiring an individual to receive an immunization as a condition for receiving government benefits or services. Description: Vaccine passports, prohibited, entities prohibited from requiring an individual to receive an immunization as a condition for receiving government benefits or services
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Prosthetists and Orthotists Board, orthosis, further defined to include custom-fitted orthosis, off-the-shelf orthotic device further defined, Sec. 34-25A-3 am'd.. Description: Prosthetists and Orthotists Board, orthosis, further defined to include custom-fitted orthosis, off-the-shelf orthotic device further defined, Sec. 34-25A-3 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Elmore Co., board of education, school buildings and property, insurance with the State Insurance Fund or with an insurance company, authorized. Description: Elmore Co., board of education, school buildings and property, insurance with the State Insurance Fund or with an insurance company, authorized
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Covid-19 Recovery Capital Credit Protection Act of 2021, created, employment and wage requirements for qualifying projects extended, compensation amounts for exemption purposes increased, Sec. 40-18-19.1 am'd.. Description: Covid-19 Recovery Capital Credit Protection Act of 2021, created, employment and wage requirements for qualifying projects extended, compensation amounts for exemption purposes increased, Sec. 40-18-19.1 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Sparkman Middle School, commended. Description: Sparkman Middle School, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Notaries public, instruments in writing acknowledged via remote notarization before July 1, 2021, ratified and validated, use of remote authorization, authorized, Sec. 36-20-73.1 added. Description: Notaries public, instruments in writing acknowledged via remote notarization before July 1, 2021, ratified and validated, use of remote authorization, authorized, Sec. 36-20-73.1 added
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Grandparent visitation, family law, grandparents entitled to visitation of grandchild if parents die or divorce, presumption is that visitation with grandparent is in best interest of child, Sec. 30-3-4.2 am'd.. Description: Grandparent visitation, family law, grandparents entitled to visitation of grandchild if parents die or divorce, presumption is that visitation with grandparent is in best interest of child, Sec. 30-3-4.2 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Onsite Wastewater Board, privately owned wastewater systems exempt from regulation by the board, Sec. 34-21A-10 am'd.. Description: Onsite Wastewater Board, privately owned wastewater systems exempt from regulation by the board, Sec. 34-21A-10 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Limestone County, municipalities, authorized to establish protest and non-protest areas. Description: Limestone County, municipalities, authorized to establish protest and non-protest areas
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Financial transactions, contingencies provided if the London Interbank Offered Rate is discontinued, Secs. 5-28-1 to 5-28-5, inclusive, added. Description: Financial transactions, contingencies provided if the London Interbank Offered Rate is discontinued, Secs. 5-28-1 to 5-28-5, inclusive, added
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Trusts, Alabama Uniform Trust Code, reports of breaches of trust, further provided, procedure for release of trustee, provided, Sec. 19-3B-1306 added; Sec. 19-3B-1005 am'd.. Description: Trusts, Alabama Uniform Trust Code, reports of breaches of trust, further provided, procedure for release of trustee, provided, Sec. 19-3B-1306 added; Sec. 19-3B-1005 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Opelika High School track team, commended. Description: Opelika High School track team, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Mental Health and other health related facilities, public corporations for treatment, programs contracted with Dept. of Mental Health, limitations of liability, further provided for, Sec. 22-51-15 added.. Description: Mental Health and other health related facilities, public corporations for treatment, programs contracted with Dept. of Mental Health, limitations of liability, further provided for, Sec. 22-51-15 added.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Judicial compensation, to establish a uniform pay plan for circuit judges, district judges, appellate court judges, supreme court justices, and the chief justice of the supreme court, eliminate salary supplements and expense allowance, Sec. 12-17-68 repealed; Secs. 12-17-182, 36-15-3 am'd.. Description: Judicial compensation, to establish a uniform pay plan for circuit judges, district judges, appellate court judges, supreme court justices, and the chief justice of the supreme court, eliminate salary supplements and expense allowance, Sec. 12-17-68 repealed; Secs. 12-17-182, 36-15-3 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Small farm wineries, production of less than 50,000 gallons and meeting certain other criteria, authorized to sell to consumers or distribute to retailers. Description: Small farm wineries, production of less than 50,000 gallons and meeting certain other criteria, authorized to sell to consumers or distribute to retailers
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Sentencing, to further provide for procedures relating to voluntary sentencing standards worksheets, Sec. 12-25-35 am'd.. Description: Sentencing, to further provide for procedures relating to voluntary sentencing standards worksheets, Sec. 12-25-35 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Economic and Community Affairs Department, Alabama Innovation Act, awarding of grants, further provided, Secs. 41-23-252, 41-23-253, 41-23-255 am'd.. Description: Economic and Community Affairs Department, Alabama Innovation Act, awarding of grants, further provided, Secs. 41-23-252, 41-23-253, 41-23-255 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Aircrafts. Revenue Dept., required to centrally value and assess certain aircrafts. Description: Aircrafts. Revenue Dept., required to centrally value and assess certain aircrafts
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Occupational Therapy, State Board of, authorized to establish an impaired practitioner program for occupational therapists and occupational therapy assistants, Sec. 34-39-12.1 added; Secs. 34-39-3, 34-39-7 am'd.. Description: Occupational Therapy, State Board of, authorized to establish an impaired practitioner program for occupational therapists and occupational therapy assistants, Sec. 34-39-12.1 added; Secs. 34-39-3, 34-39-7 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Sheriffs, term of office, to commence following election, technical revisions to term of county commissioner, Sec. 36-3-4 am'd.. Description: Sheriffs, term of office, to commence following election, technical revisions to term of county commissioner, Sec. 36-3-4 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Firearms, concealed carry permits, time periods for permits including lifetime permits, fees, statewide standardized issuance and information management, ALEA to estab., firearms prohibited person database, appeal process provided, Sec. 13A-11-75.1 repealed; Secs. 13A-11-70, 13A-11-75, 22-52-10.1 am'd.. Description: Firearms, concealed carry permits, time periods for permits including lifetime permits, fees, statewide standardized issuance and information management, ALEA to estab., firearms prohibited person database, appeal process provided, Sec. 13A-11-75.1 repealed; Secs. 13A-11-70, 13A-11-75, 22-52-10.1 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Lottery, authorized, Alabama Lottery Corporation, powers and duties provided, distrib. of proceeds, Lottery Retailer Advisory Board, created, Alabama Education Lottery Act. Description: Lottery, authorized, Alabama Lottery Corporation, powers and duties provided, distrib. of proceeds, Lottery Retailer Advisory Board, created, Alabama Education Lottery Act
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Gaming, legislative intent, definitions, provided, Alabama Gaming Commission powers and duties, further provided, advisory board created to the commission, distribution of funds to the Gaming Trust Fund. Description: Gaming, legislative intent, definitions, provided, Alabama Gaming Commission powers and duties, further provided, advisory board created to the commission, distribution of funds to the Gaming Trust Fund
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Lottery and gaming, certain campaign contributions by operator of gaming facilities prohibited under certain conditions, certain criminal penalties updated, to prescribe certain activity relating to gaming as unlawful and provide for criminal penalties, Secs. 13A-12-32 to 13A-12-39, inclusive, added; Secs. 11-47-111, 13A-12-29, 13A-12-50 to 13A-12-58, inclusive, 13A-12-70 to 13A-12-76, inclusive, 13A-12-90 to 13A-12-92, inclusive, repealed; Secs. 13A-11-9, 13A-12-20, 13A-12-21, 13A-12-22, 13A-12-23, 13A-12-24, 13A-12-25, 13A-12-26, 13A-12-27, 13A-12-28, 13A-12-30 am'd.. Description: Lottery and gaming, certain campaign contributions by operator of gaming facilities prohibited under certain conditions, certain criminal penalties updated, to prescribe certain activity relating to gaming as unlawful and provide for criminal penalties, Secs. 13A-12-32 to 13A-12-39, inclusive, added; Secs. 11-47-111, 13A-12-29, 13A-12-50 to 13A-12-58, inclusive, 13A-12-70 to 13A-12-76, inclusive, 13A-12-90 to 13A-12-92, inclusive, repealed; Secs. 13A-11-9, 13A-12-20, 13A-12-21, 13A-12-22, 13A-12-23, 13A-12-24, 13A-12-25, 13A-12-26, 13A-12-27, 13A-12-28, 13A-12-30 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Hytop, corp. limits alt.. Description: Hytop, corp. limits alt.
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Collectible items, sports memorabilia, art, etc., represented as authentic, recovery of purchase price if not authentic, civil actions, damages. Description: Collectible items, sports memorabilia, art, etc., represented as authentic, recovery of purchase price if not authentic, civil actions, damages
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Gaming, Alabama Education Lottery established, Alabama Education Lottery Corporation and Alabama Gaming Commission estab. to license and regulate gaming, negotiation of compact with Poarch Creek Indians Authority, const. amend.. Description: Gaming, Alabama Education Lottery established, Alabama Education Lottery Corporation and Alabama Gaming Commission estab. to license and regulate gaming, negotiation of compact with Poarch Creek Indians Authority, const. amend.
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Lottery, legislative intent, Alabama Lottery Commission, powers and duties, distrib. of proceeds, allocation of state and local tax on gaming revenue, limitations on retailers of lottery tickets, Alabama Lottery Act. Description: Lottery, legislative intent, Alabama Lottery Commission, powers and duties, distrib. of proceeds, allocation of state and local tax on gaming revenue, limitations on retailers of lottery tickets, Alabama Lottery Act
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Breweries, distilleries, daily limit on amount beer or liquor sold to customers eliminated, Sec. 28-3A-6 am'd.. Description: Breweries, distilleries, daily limit on amount beer or liquor sold to customers eliminated, Sec. 28-3A-6 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Alcoholic beverage manufacturers, transfer of alcoholic beverage in bond from another location to manufacturer for certain retail sale authorized, Sec. 28-3A-6 am'd.. Description: Alcoholic beverage manufacturers, transfer of alcoholic beverage in bond from another location to manufacturer for certain retail sale authorized, Sec. 28-3A-6 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Corrections Dept., prisoners deduction for sentences for completion of qualifying educational programs, adoption rules for administration of education incentive time, approval of rules by Joint Legislative Prison Oversight Committee, Secs. 14-9-100 to 14-9-107, incl., added; Sec. 29-2-20 am'd.. Description: Corrections Dept., prisoners deduction for sentences for completion of qualifying educational programs, adoption rules for administration of education incentive time, approval of rules by Joint Legislative Prison Oversight Committee, Secs. 14-9-100 to 14-9-107, incl., added; Sec. 29-2-20 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: House resolution, recognizing members who participate remotely for the 2021 Reg. Sess.. Description: House resolution, recognizing members who participate remotely for the 2021 Reg. Sess.
In 2021, Alabama enrolled a bill titled: Tobacco, tobacco permits suspendable in cases of failure by retailers to pay distributors, Sec. 28-11-20 added.. Description: Tobacco, tobacco permits suspendable in cases of failure by retailers to pay distributors, Sec. 28-11-20 added.
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Elections, requires implementation date of any legislation affecting conduct of general election to be at least six months before general election, const. amend.. Description: Elections, requires implementation date of any legislation affecting conduct of general election to be at least six months before general election, const. amend.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Teachers, math and science teachers, salary schedule, add'l compensation, Education Dept. to administer, add'l salary supplement for hard-to-staff schools, terms of employment contracts, fund created in State Treasury, commencing 2021-2022 school year, funding in education budget. Description: Teachers, math and science teachers, salary schedule, add'l compensation, Education Dept. to administer, add'l salary supplement for hard-to-staff schools, terms of employment contracts, fund created in State Treasury, commencing 2021-2022 school year, funding in education budget
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Motor carriers, update references to the federal motor carrier safety regulation, Sec. 32-9A-2 am'd.. Description: Motor carriers, update references to the federal motor carrier safety regulation, Sec. 32-9A-2 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Athletic Commission, regulatory act renamed, authority over unarmed combat provided, certain medical and competition guidelines exempted from Administrative Procedure Act, fines for violations of rules and guidelines limited in amount, procedural process for handling violations revised, Secs. 41-9-1020, 41-9-1021, 41-9-1023, 41-9-1024, 41-9-1037, 41-9-1038 am'd.. Description: Athletic Commission, regulatory act renamed, authority over unarmed combat provided, certain medical and competition guidelines exempted from Administrative Procedure Act, fines for violations of rules and guidelines limited in amount, procedural process for handling violations revised, Secs. 41-9-1020, 41-9-1021, 41-9-1023, 41-9-1024, 41-9-1037, 41-9-1038 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Tuscaloosa Co., Road Improvement Commission, duties and operation further provided for, Act No. 56, 1953 Reg. Sess., am'd.. Description: Tuscaloosa Co., Road Improvement Commission, duties and operation further provided for, Act No. 56, 1953 Reg. Sess., am'd.
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Family leave and adoption, reduce period for relinquishment of parental rights for child placed for adoption from five days to four days, provisions for family leave time for adoptive parents and biological parents to care for child in certain cases, Secs. 16-25-11.12, 26-10A-13, 36-26-35.2, 36-26-36.2 am'd.. Description: Family leave and adoption, reduce period for relinquishment of parental rights for child placed for adoption from five days to four days, provisions for family leave time for adoptive parents and biological parents to care for child in certain cases, Secs. 16-25-11.12, 26-10A-13, 36-26-35.2, 36-26-36.2 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Cleburne Co., sheriff, qualifications, continuing education required. Description: Cleburne Co., sheriff, qualifications, continuing education required
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Pilot program, establishes small business development program for prisoners, Sec. 41-29-320 repealed. Description: Pilot program, establishes small business development program for prisoners, Sec. 41-29-320 repealed
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: National Guard, facilities, access extended to certain veterans and their caregivers. Description: National Guard, facilities, access extended to certain veterans and their caregivers
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Randolph Co., sheriff, qualifications, continuing education required. Description: Randolph Co., sheriff, qualifications, continuing education required
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Mediation, to require mandatory mediation to be provided by a mediator registered with the Alabama Center for Dispute Resolution, Sec. 6-6-20 am'd.. Description: Mediation, to require mandatory mediation to be provided by a mediator registered with the Alabama Center for Dispute Resolution, Sec. 6-6-20 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Taxation, due dates for certain taxes, revise excise and income taxes dute dates to coincide with due dates for federal taxes, Dept of Revenue to delay due dates for filing certain taxes for taxpayers. Description: Taxation, due dates for certain taxes, revise excise and income taxes dute dates to coincide with due dates for federal taxes, Dept of Revenue to delay due dates for filing certain taxes for taxpayers
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Law enforcement officers, confidentiality, to restrict disclosure of personal information of. Description: Law enforcement officers, confidentiality, to restrict disclosure of personal information of
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: District attorneys, compensation further provided, Sec. 12-17-182 am'd.. Description: District attorneys, compensation further provided, Sec. 12-17-182 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Firearms, prohibitions on state enforcement of certain federal firearm laws, provided. Description: Firearms, prohibitions on state enforcement of certain federal firearm laws, provided
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Etowah Co., ad valorem tax, county portion, county commission authorized to impose late payment penalty, distribution to county commission and revenue commissioner. Description: Etowah Co., ad valorem tax, county portion, county commission authorized to impose late payment penalty, distribution to county commission and revenue commissioner
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Pardons and Paroles Board, law enforcement officers, authorized to expend funds for recruitment and training, Sec. 15-22-24 am'd.. Description: Pardons and Paroles Board, law enforcement officers, authorized to expend funds for recruitment and training, Sec. 15-22-24 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Lamar Co., co. superintendent of education, to provide further for the compensation and expense allowance for, Sec. 45-38-101 am'd.. Description: Lamar Co., co. superintendent of education, to provide further for the compensation and expense allowance for, Sec. 45-38-101 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Colleges and Universities, Alabama G.I. and Dependents' Educational Benefit Act, use of scholarship benefits at 2 year or 4 year public or private institutions of higher education physically located in state provided, Secs. 31-6-2, 31-6-4, 31-6-5, 31-6-6, 31-6-8, 31-6-9, 31-6-11, 31-6-12, 31-6-13, 31-6-15, 31-6-15.1, 31-6-16 am'd.. Description: Colleges and Universities, Alabama G.I. and Dependents' Educational Benefit Act, use of scholarship benefits at 2 year or 4 year public or private institutions of higher education physically located in state provided, Secs. 31-6-2, 31-6-4, 31-6-5, 31-6-6, 31-6-8, 31-6-9, 31-6-11, 31-6-12, 31-6-13, 31-6-15, 31-6-15.1, 31-6-16 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Public K-12 schools, drinking water provided in schools, water bottle use to be regulated. Description: Public K-12 schools, drinking water provided in schools, water bottle use to be regulated
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Birmingham Retirement and Relief System, amended to revise, effective July 1, 2021, certain contribution rates, eligibility requirements, maximum normal retirement benefit, ordinary disability allowance, spousal survivor benefits, and early retirement benefits, Secs. 45-37A-51.190, 45-37A-51.192, 45-37A-51.196, 45-37A-51.220, 45-37A-51.221, 45-37A-51.222, 45-37A-51.225, 45-37A-51.228, 45-37A-51.232, 45-37A-51.244, 45-37A-51.302, 45-37A-51.305, 45-37A-51.306, 45-37A-51.307, 45-37A-51.308 am'd.. Description: Birmingham Retirement and Relief System, amended to revise, effective July 1, 2021, certain contribution rates, eligibility requirements, maximum normal retirement benefit, ordinary disability allowance, spousal survivor benefits, and early retirement benefits, Secs. 45-37A-51.190, 45-37A-51.192, 45-37A-51.196, 45-37A-51.220, 45-37A-51.221, 45-37A-51.222, 45-37A-51.225, 45-37A-51.228, 45-37A-51.232, 45-37A-51.244, 45-37A-51.302, 45-37A-51.305, 45-37A-51.306, 45-37A-51.307, 45-37A-51.308 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Labor Dept., unemployment benefits, overpayments, adoption of policies to recover improper payments. Description: Labor Dept., unemployment benefits, overpayments, adoption of policies to recover improper payments
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Mobile Co., Racing Commission, operation of racetrack and based on events outside of Mobile Co., further provided for, Sec. 45-49-151.07 am'd.. Description: Mobile Co., Racing Commission, operation of racetrack and based on events outside of Mobile Co., further provided for, Sec. 45-49-151.07 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Revenue and taxation, tax collecting officials, duties and powers thereof further provided, Sec. 40-5-48 added; Secs. 40-5-5, 40-5-6, 40-5-25, 40-5-27, 40-5-28, 40-5-30, 40-5-33, 40-5-35, 40-5-37 to 40-5-40, inclusive, 40-5-43, 40-5-46 repealed; Secs. 40-5-1 to 40-5-4, inclusive, 40-5-7 to 40-5-15, inclusive, 40-5-17 to 40-5-24, inclusive, 40-5-26, 40-5-29, 40-5-31, 40-5-32, 40-5-34, 40-5-36, 40-5-41, 40-5-42, 40-5-44, 40-5-45 am'd.. Description: Revenue and taxation, tax collecting officials, duties and powers thereof further provided, Sec. 40-5-48 added; Secs. 40-5-5, 40-5-6, 40-5-25, 40-5-27, 40-5-28, 40-5-30, 40-5-33, 40-5-35, 40-5-37 to 40-5-40, inclusive, 40-5-43, 40-5-46 repealed; Secs. 40-5-1 to 40-5-4, inclusive, 40-5-7 to 40-5-15, inclusive, 40-5-17 to 40-5-24, inclusive, 40-5-26, 40-5-29, 40-5-31, 40-5-32, 40-5-34, 40-5-36, 40-5-41, 40-5-42, 40-5-44, 40-5-45 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Child custody, parenting plan required in all cases, court established plan in certain cases, remedies for violations of plan, Sec. 30-3-158 added; Secs. 30-3-150, 30-3-151, 30-3-152, 30-3-153 am'd.. Description: Child custody, parenting plan required in all cases, court established plan in certain cases, remedies for violations of plan, Sec. 30-3-158 added; Secs. 30-3-150, 30-3-151, 30-3-152, 30-3-153 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Community development districts, certain districts, alcoholic beverages, tax on the sale further provided, proceeds from sales tax would be deposited into a special fund in the county treasury, Sec. 35-8B-5 added; Sec. 35-8B-1 am'd.. Description: Community development districts, certain districts, alcoholic beverages, tax on the sale further provided, proceeds from sales tax would be deposited into a special fund in the county treasury, Sec. 35-8B-5 added; Sec. 35-8B-1 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Student athletes, only licensed athlete agents may represent student athletes, Act 2021-227, 2021 Reg. Sess., am'd.. Description: Student athletes, only licensed athlete agents may represent student athletes, Act 2021-227, 2021 Reg. Sess., am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Daylight Savings Time, adopted statewide if Congress amends Federal law to allow. Description: Daylight Savings Time, adopted statewide if Congress amends Federal law to allow
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Breweries, distilleries, daily limit on amount beer or liquor sold to customers revised, Sec. 28-3A-6 am'd.. Description: Breweries, distilleries, daily limit on amount beer or liquor sold to customers revised, Sec. 28-3A-6 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Alcoholic beverages, winery in dry county, Alcoholic Beverage Board authorized to issue manufacturer license, distribution only to distributor or out-of-state, Sec. 28-7-10.1 add; Sec. 28-3A-3 am'd.. Description: Alcoholic beverages, winery in dry county, Alcoholic Beverage Board authorized to issue manufacturer license, distribution only to distributor or out-of-state, Sec. 28-7-10.1 add; Sec. 28-3A-3 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Cullman Co., lodgings tax decreased upon retirement of certain debt, Cullman County Tourism Bureau estab., Secs. 45-22-242, 45-22-242.11 am'd.. Description: Cullman Co., lodgings tax decreased upon retirement of certain debt, Cullman County Tourism Bureau estab., Secs. 45-22-242, 45-22-242.11 am'd.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: House of Representatives, Senate notified that House is in session and ready to transact business. Description: House of Representatives, Senate notified that House is in session and ready to transact business
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Matheny, Herschel Albert, death mourned. Description: Matheny, Herschel Albert, death mourned
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Langham, Donald L., death mourned. Description: Langham, Donald L., death mourned
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Sutherland, Holley, commended. Description: Sutherland, Holley, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Aaron, Henry Louis, death mourned. Description: Aaron, Henry Louis, death mourned
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: House resolution, recognizing members who participate remotely for the 2021 Reg. Sess.. Description: House resolution, recognizing members who participate remotely for the 2021 Reg. Sess.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Herron, Vance, commended. Description: Herron, Vance, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Pendley, Greg, commended. Description: Pendley, Greg, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: West, Ann, commended. Description: West, Ann, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Cook, Chris, commended. Description: Cook, Chris, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Thomas, Sharone, death mourned. Description: Thomas, Sharone, death mourned
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: House resolution, recognizing members who participate remotely for the 2021 Reg. Sess.. Description: House resolution, recognizing members who participate remotely for the 2021 Reg. Sess.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: House of Representatives, Special Order Calendar. Description: House of Representatives, Special Order Calendar
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: House resolution, recognizing members who participate remotely for the 2021 Reg. Sess.. Description: House resolution, recognizing members who participate remotely for the 2021 Reg. Sess.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: House of Representatives, Special Order Calendar. Description: House of Representatives, Special Order Calendar
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Oden, Carol Pender, death mourned. Description: Oden, Carol Pender, death mourned
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: House resolution, recognizing members who participate remotely for the 2021 Reg. Sess.. Description: House resolution, recognizing members who participate remotely for the 2021 Reg. Sess.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: House of Representatives, Special Order Calendar. Description: House of Representatives, Special Order Calendar
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Keeton, Paul Rex, death mourned. Description: Keeton, Paul Rex, death mourned
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Thigpen, George Allen, death mourned. Description: Thigpen, George Allen, death mourned
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: House resolution, recognizing members who participate remotely for the 2021 Reg. Sess.. Description: House resolution, recognizing members who participate remotely for the 2021 Reg. Sess.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: House of Representatives, Special Order Calendar. Description: House of Representatives, Special Order Calendar
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Boyd, Ira Dell, commended. Description: Boyd, Ira Dell, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Dick, Richard Evans, death mourned. Description: Dick, Richard Evans, death mourned
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Jackson, Michael E., commended. Description: Jackson, Michael E., commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Winfield City High School Boys Track and Field Team, commended. Description: Winfield City High School Boys Track and Field Team, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Milan, Jesse, commended. Description: Milan, Jesse, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Marconnet, David, commended. Description: Marconnet, David, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: House of Representatives, Special Order Calendar. Description: House of Representatives, Special Order Calendar
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: House of Representatives, Special Order Calendar. Description: House of Representatives, Special Order Calendar
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Luker, Rebecca, death mourned. Description: Luker, Rebecca, death mourned
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Redmill, Randal Clifton, commended. Description: Redmill, Randal Clifton, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Lathan, Terry, commended. Description: Lathan, Terry, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: House of Representatives, Special Order Calendar. Description: House of Representatives, Special Order Calendar
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: House of Representatives, Special Order Calendar. Description: House of Representatives, Special Order Calendar
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Spillers, David, commended. Description: Spillers, David, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: White, Marie Alexandria Poiroux, Wilson, commended. Description: White, Marie Alexandria Poiroux, Wilson, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: House of Representatives, Special Order Calendar. Description: House of Representatives, Special Order Calendar
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: House of Representatives, Special Order Calendar. Description: House of Representatives, Special Order Calendar
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Alpha Kappa Alpha (AKA) Sorority Day, May 6, 2021, recognized. Description: Alpha Kappa Alpha (AKA) Sorority Day, May 6, 2021, recognized
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Smitherman, Roosevelt, commended. Description: Smitherman, Roosevelt, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: House of Representatives, Special Order Calendar. Description: House of Representatives, Special Order Calendar
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Shepard, Shelia, commended. Description: Shepard, Shelia, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Skyline High School girls' basketball team, commended. Description: Skyline High School girls' basketball team, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Trione, Frank Joseph, death mourned. Description: Trione, Frank Joseph, death mourned
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Crenshaw, Damonde T., death mourned. Description: Crenshaw, Damonde T., death mourned
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Newby, James M. Jr., death mourned. Description: Newby, James M. Jr., death mourned
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Susan Moore High School Girls Basketball Team, commended. Description: Susan Moore High School Girls Basketball Team, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Fyffe High School basketball team, commended. Description: Fyffe High School basketball team, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Wasden, Watson, commended. Description: Wasden, Watson, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Herbert, Jon Dunklin, death mourned. Description: Herbert, Jon Dunklin, death mourned
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: House of Representatives, Special Order Calendar. Description: House of Representatives, Special Order Calendar
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Spruell, Sam, death mourned. Description: Spruell, Sam, death mourned
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Doughty, Tracy, commended. Description: Doughty, Tracy, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Hoover High School girls basketball team, commended. Description: Hoover High School girls basketball team, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Mountain Brook High School boys basketball team, commended. Description: Mountain Brook High School boys basketball team, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: House of Representatives, Special Order Calendar. Description: House of Representatives, Special Order Calendar
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Dittus, Gloria Story, commended. Description: Dittus, Gloria Story, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Coosa Valley Electric Cooperative Board of Directors, commended. Description: Coosa Valley Electric Cooperative Board of Directors, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Tuggle, Michael Larry, death mourned. Description: Tuggle, Michael Larry, death mourned
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Clouse, James C., death mourned. Description: Clouse, James C., death mourned
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Willis, Edward Donald, death mourned. Description: Willis, Edward Donald, death mourned
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: House of Representatives, Special Order Calendar. Description: House of Representatives, Special Order Calendar
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Hatton High School girls basketball team, commended. Description: Hatton High School girls basketball team, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Hatton High School boys basketball team, commended. Description: Hatton High School boys basketball team, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: McCraney, Joe and Ashley, commended. Description: McCraney, Joe and Ashley, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: University of Montevallo women's basketball team, commended. Description: University of Montevallo women's basketball team, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Dr. Wilson Fallin, Jr. Lecture Series, establishment of, commended. Description: Dr. Wilson Fallin, Jr. Lecture Series, establishment of, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Robb, David Metheny, death mourned. Description: Robb, David Metheny, death mourned
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Pitzitz, Norman Lee, death mourned. Description: Pitzitz, Norman Lee, death mourned
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Glover, Claude Donald, Jr., commended. Description: Glover, Claude Donald, Jr., commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Ramey, Andrea, commended. Description: Ramey, Andrea, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Rucker-Sumerlin, Felicia, commended. Description: Rucker-Sumerlin, Felicia, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Brown, Inell Porterfield, death mourned. Description: Brown, Inell Porterfield, death mourned
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Pisgah High School girls basketball team, commended. Description: Pisgah High School girls basketball team, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Parker, Paul, commended. Description: Parker, Paul, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: House of Representatives, Consent Calendar. Description: House of Representatives, Consent Calendar
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: House of Representatives, Special Order Calendar. Description: House of Representatives, Special Order Calendar
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: House of Representatives, Special Order Calendar. Description: House of Representatives, Special Order Calendar
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Waldrop, Tony G., commended. Description: Waldrop, Tony G., commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: House of Representatives, Special Order Calendar. Description: House of Representatives, Special Order Calendar
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: House of Representatives, Special Order Calendar. Description: House of Representatives, Special Order Calendar
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Jennings, Anfernee, commended. Description: Jennings, Anfernee, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Violence, threats of violence against Asian American people, condemn. Description: Violence, threats of violence against Asian American people, condemn
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: House of Representatives, Special Order Calendar. Description: House of Representatives, Special Order Calendar
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Harden, Myrtle Statham, commended. Description: Harden, Myrtle Statham, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Murray, Tyler Horton, commended. Description: Murray, Tyler Horton, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Crumpton, Annie Lou Blankenship, commended. Description: Crumpton, Annie Lou Blankenship, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: House of Representatives, Consent Calendar. Description: House of Representatives, Consent Calendar
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: House of Representatives, Special Order Calendar. Description: House of Representatives, Special Order Calendar
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Fuller, Jason, death mourned. Description: Fuller, Jason, death mourned
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Gibson, John Willie, death mourned. Description: Gibson, John Willie, death mourned
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Miree, Aubrey Reginald, Jr., death mourned. Description: Miree, Aubrey Reginald, Jr., death mourned
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Green, Liberty Kayte, commended. Description: Green, Liberty Kayte, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Davis, Ed, death mourned. Description: Davis, Ed, death mourned
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Crumpton, Casey, commended. Description: Crumpton, Casey, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Jones, Danna Benefield, commended. Description: Jones, Danna Benefield, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Law Institute interns, for the House of Representatives, commended. Description: Law Institute interns, for the House of Representatives, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Law Institute interns, for the House of Representatives, commended. Description: Law Institute interns, for the House of Representatives, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Miles, Jesse Whitfield, Sr., death mourned. Description: Miles, Jesse Whitfield, Sr., death mourned
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: House of Representatives, Special Order Calendar. Description: House of Representatives, Special Order Calendar
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: House of Representatives, Special Order Calendar. Description: House of Representatives, Special Order Calendar
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Higgins, Lamar P., death mourned. Description: Higgins, Lamar P., death mourned
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: House of Representatives, Consent Calendar. Description: House of Representatives, Consent Calendar
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: House of Representatives, Special Order Calendar. Description: House of Representatives, Special Order Calendar
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Edwards, Sean, commended. Description: Edwards, Sean, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: House resolution, recognizing members who participate remotely for the 2021 Reg. Sess.. Description: House resolution, recognizing members who participate remotely for the 2021 Reg. Sess.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: House of Representatives, Special Order Calendar. Description: House of Representatives, Special Order Calendar
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Rogers High School Girls Basketball Team, commended. Description: Rogers High School Girls Basketball Team, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Hughes, Jackson, commended. Description: Hughes, Jackson, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Law Institute interns, for the House of Representatives and the Legislative Services Agency Law Clerk, commended. Description: Law Institute interns, for the House of Representatives and the Legislative Services Agency Law Clerk, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Law Institute interns, for the House of Representatives and the Legislative Services Agency Law Clerk, commended. Description: Law Institute interns, for the House of Representatives and the Legislative Services Agency Law Clerk, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Pool, Sergeant Braxton, honored. Description: Pool, Sergeant Braxton, honored
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: House of Representatives, Special Order Calendar. Description: House of Representatives, Special Order Calendar
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: COVID-19 testing and vaccination, all who provided service, commended. Description: COVID-19 testing and vaccination, all who provided service, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Mills, George F., commended. Description: Mills, George F., commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Swann, Sophia Dailyn, commended. Description: Swann, Sophia Dailyn, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Williams, Floree Hudman, commended. Description: Williams, Floree Hudman, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Schmidt, John W., commended. Description: Schmidt, John W., commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: State Law Enforcement Agency, Alabama State Capitol and Alabama State House, exemplary service, commended. Description: State Law Enforcement Agency, Alabama State Capitol and Alabama State House, exemplary service, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: House of Representatives, Special Order Calendar. Description: House of Representatives, Special Order Calendar
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Wootson, Earl, commended. Description: Wootson, Earl, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Striplin, Karoline, commended. Description: Striplin, Karoline, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Conner, Bobbie Lenoir, death mourned. Description: Conner, Bobbie Lenoir, death mourned
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Moores Mill Intermediate School, commended. Description: Moores Mill Intermediate School, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Borden, Charles and Sylvia, commended. Description: Borden, Charles and Sylvia, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Stallworth, William Dwight, death mourned. Description: Stallworth, William Dwight, death mourned
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Bailey, Florence W., death mourned. Description: Bailey, Florence W., death mourned
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Feminine Hygiene products, Local Board of Education, urged to have available in certain schools at no cost to students. Description: Feminine Hygiene products, Local Board of Education, urged to have available in certain schools at no cost to students
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Buskey, Charles, Jr., death mourned. Description: Buskey, Charles, Jr., death mourned
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: House of Representatives, Special Order Calendar. Description: House of Representatives, Special Order Calendar
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Kelley, Wendell Lee, death mourned. Description: Kelley, Wendell Lee, death mourned
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Cunningham, Jim, commended. Description: Cunningham, Jim, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Beulah High School Girls Varsity Basketball Team, commended. Description: Beulah High School Girls Varsity Basketball Team, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Campbell Hardware Day, April 23, 2021, recognized. Description: Campbell Hardware Day, April 23, 2021, recognized
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Laird, Richard Joel, Sr., death mourned. Description: Laird, Richard Joel, Sr., death mourned
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Private First Class James Jacob Harrelson, American Legion Post 143, named in his honor and memory. Description: Private First Class James Jacob Harrelson, American Legion Post 143, named in his honor and memory
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Marion County High School Girls Track and Field Team, commended. Description: Marion County High School Girls Track and Field Team, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Veal, Scott, commended. Description: Veal, Scott, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Morris, E. Baxter, death mourned. Description: Morris, E. Baxter, death mourned
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Ware, Sandra M., commended. Description: Ware, Sandra M., commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Lucas, Brian, commended. Description: Lucas, Brian, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Giddens, Robert Hugh, honored. Description: Giddens, Robert Hugh, honored
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: McGilberry Randall Seth, commended posthumously. Description: McGilberry Randall Seth, commended posthumously
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: House of Representatives, Special Order Calendar. Description: House of Representatives, Special Order Calendar
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Alabama A and M University football team, commended. Description: Alabama A and M University football team, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Alabama A and M University Men's Tennis Team, commended. Description: Alabama A and M University Men's Tennis Team, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: House of Representatives, Special Order Calendar. Description: House of Representatives, Special Order Calendar
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: House resolution, recognizing members who participate remotely for the 2021 Reg. Sess.. Description: House resolution, recognizing members who participate remotely for the 2021 Reg. Sess.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: McClendon, Madelyn Ann, death mourned. Description: McClendon, Madelyn Ann, death mourned
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: House of Representatives, Special Order Calendar. Description: House of Representatives, Special Order Calendar
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Jackson, Horace G., commended. Description: Jackson, Horace G., commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Davidson, Dorothy, commended. Description: Davidson, Dorothy, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Mountain Brook, boys varsity lacrosse team, commended. Description: Mountain Brook, boys varsity lacrosse team, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Mountain Brook, boys varsity lacrosse team, commended. Description: Mountain Brook, boys varsity lacrosse team, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: O'Leary, Paul, death mourned. Description: O'Leary, Paul, death mourned
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Bromberg, Lella Clayton, death mourned. Description: Bromberg, Lella Clayton, death mourned
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Brown, LaTosha, commended. Description: Brown, LaTosha, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Whitaker, Samuel Leroy, commended. Description: Whitaker, Samuel Leroy, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Fort Payne Robotics Team, commended. Description: Fort Payne Robotics Team, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Fyffe High School varsity cheerleading squad, commended. Description: Fyffe High School varsity cheerleading squad, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: East Point Cumberland Presbyterian Church, commended. Description: East Point Cumberland Presbyterian Church, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Booker, Nathaniel, Sr., death mourned. Description: Booker, Nathaniel, Sr., death mourned
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Hayden, George Washington, Sr., death mourned. Description: Hayden, George Washington, Sr., death mourned
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Tri-County Organization of Professional Women, commended. Description: Tri-County Organization of Professional Women, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Senate, House of Representatives notified that Senate is in session and ready to transact business. Description: Senate, House of Representatives notified that Senate is in session and ready to transact business
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Marsh, Del, commended. Description: Marsh, Del, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Mask mandate, urging Governor Kay Ivey to end. Description: Mask mandate, urging Governor Kay Ivey to end
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Farmers Federation, commended. Description: Farmers Federation, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Gulf of Mexico outer continental shelf leasing, Senate resolution continued supporting. Description: Gulf of Mexico outer continental shelf leasing, Senate resolution continued supporting
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Tax credits, promote tax credit for nurses caring for COVID-19 patients during 2020 or 2021 or both years. Description: Tax credits, promote tax credit for nurses caring for COVID-19 patients during 2020 or 2021 or both years
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Governor, committee appointed to notify that Legislature is in session and ready for the transaction of business. Description: Governor, committee appointed to notify that Legislature is in session and ready for the transaction of business
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Adkins, Bennie G., death mourned. Description: Adkins, Bennie G., death mourned
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Sales and use tax, aircraft refurbishing, exemption for parts used, extended after May 2022.. Description: Sales and use tax, aircraft refurbishing, exemption for parts used, extended after May 2022.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Lyons, James K., commended. Description: Lyons, James K., commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Alabama Municipal Electric Authority (AMEA), commended. Description: Alabama Municipal Electric Authority (AMEA), commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Hampe, David Earl, Jr., death mourned. Description: Hampe, David Earl, Jr., death mourned
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Aaron, Henry Louis "Hank", death mourned. Description: Aaron, Henry Louis "Hank", death mourned
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Aaron, Henry Louis "Hank", death mourned. Description: Aaron, Henry Louis "Hank", death mourned
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Midgett, Vanessa K., commended. Description: Midgett, Vanessa K., commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Overdose Awareness Day, August 31 of each year, designated. Description: Overdose Awareness Day, August 31 of each year, designated
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Day of Tears, recognized. Description: Day of Tears, recognized
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: State Veterans Memorial Cemetery, Spanish Fort, continuing operation and expansions, supported. Description: State Veterans Memorial Cemetery, Spanish Fort, continuing operation and expansions, supported
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Task Force on Veterans' Suicide, extended, to prevent suicide amound service members, veterans, and their families. Description: Task Force on Veterans' Suicide, extended, to prevent suicide amound service members, veterans, and their families
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Johnson, J. Frederick, commended. Description: Johnson, J. Frederick, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Touchless Fingerprint Matching Systems, recognized as viable biometric security solution. Description: Touchless Fingerprint Matching Systems, recognized as viable biometric security solution
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Driver's license, federal requirement, expressing opposition to a state passing a law requiring revocation or suspension of an individual's driver's license. Description: Driver's license, federal requirement, expressing opposition to a state passing a law requiring revocation or suspension of an individual's driver's license
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Collins, William Montgomery, Sr. and wife Euber Roberts, death mourned. Description: Collins, William Montgomery, Sr. and wife Euber Roberts, death mourned
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Pike Liberal Arts Football Team, commended. Description: Pike Liberal Arts Football Team, commended
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Supermarket Employees Day, February 22, 2021, recognized. Description: Supermarket Employees Day, February 22, 2021, recognized
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: American Legion, commended, and Oxford, James W., welcomed to Alabama. Description: American Legion, commended, and Oxford, James W., welcomed to Alabama
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Holmes, Alvin, death mourned. Description: Holmes, Alvin, death mourned
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Demetri's Barbeque Restaurant, commended. Description: Demetri's Barbeque Restaurant, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Kenneth Sherwood Ebaugh Memorial Crosswalk, the crosswalk crossing Shades Creek Parkway, named. Description: Kenneth Sherwood Ebaugh Memorial Crosswalk, the crosswalk crossing Shades Creek Parkway, named
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Perry, Brian, commended. Description: Perry, Brian, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Wilson, Sammy, death mourned. Description: Wilson, Sammy, death mourned
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Ames, Mae Hackney, death mourned. Description: Ames, Mae Hackney, death mourned
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: England, John H., Jr., commended. Description: England, John H., Jr., commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Milan, Jesse, commended. Description: Milan, Jesse, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Glenwood School, girls basketball team, commended. Description: Glenwood School, girls basketball team, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Daniel Kendall Johnson Foundation, commended. Description: Daniel Kendall Johnson Foundation, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Public K-12 educators, commended. Description: Public K-12 educators, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Child Abuse Prevention Month, April 2021, proclaimed. Description: Child Abuse Prevention Month, April 2021, proclaimed
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Federal government, urged to increase manufacture of essential drugs in the United States. Description: Federal government, urged to increase manufacture of essential drugs in the United States
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Troy Alabama Delivery Center, commended. Description: Troy Alabama Delivery Center, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Lathan, Terry, commended. Description: Lathan, Terry, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Cleburne County High School, wrestling team, commended. Description: Cleburne County High School, wrestling team, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: The Medal of Honor Recipient CSM Bennie G. Adkins Memorial Bridge, bridge on Bent Creek Road over Interstate 85 in Lee County, named. Description: The Medal of Honor Recipient CSM Bennie G. Adkins Memorial Bridge, bridge on Bent Creek Road over Interstate 85 in Lee County, named
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: White, Marie Alexandria Poiroux, Wilson, commended. Description: White, Marie Alexandria Poiroux, Wilson, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Great Alabama 650 Race winners, commended. Description: Great Alabama 650 Race winners, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Pinson, Ron, commended. Description: Pinson, Ron, commended
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Educational technical professionals, commended. Description: Educational technical professionals, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Haise, Judy Kay Sasse, death mourned. Description: Haise, Judy Kay Sasse, death mourned
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Cabaniss, Catherine Caldwell, death mourned. Description: Cabaniss, Catherine Caldwell, death mourned
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: John R. Lewis Memorial Highway, portion of Highway 8, named. Description: John R. Lewis Memorial Highway, portion of Highway 8, named
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Oak Mountain High School Boys Basketball Team, commended. Description: Oak Mountain High School Boys Basketball Team, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Berry, Sonceria Ann Bishop, commended. Description: Berry, Sonceria Ann Bishop, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: West, Jennifer, commended. Description: West, Jennifer, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Private First Class LaFelt Brannon Highway, portion of U.S. Highway 84 in Sanford, named. Description: Private First Class LaFelt Brannon Highway, portion of U.S. Highway 84 in Sanford, named
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Rare Kidney Disease Awareness Month, recognized. Description: Rare Kidney Disease Awareness Month, recognized
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Smitherman, Roosevelt, commended. Description: Smitherman, Roosevelt, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Killingsworth, Don C., commended. Description: Killingsworth, Don C., commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Washington High School boys basketball team, commended. Description: Washington High School boys basketball team, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Robert "Bob" Mants, Jr. Memorial Highway, portion of Highway 8, in Lowndes Co., named. Description: Robert "Bob" Mants, Jr. Memorial Highway, portion of Highway 8, in Lowndes Co., named
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Barnette, James R., death mourned. Description: Barnette, James R., death mourned
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: West Autauga Water Authority, commended. Description: West Autauga Water Authority, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Thomas, Edward Lamar, Sr., death mourned. Description: Thomas, Edward Lamar, Sr., death mourned
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Killingsworth, Don C., commended. Description: Killingsworth, Don C., commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Johnson, Kamden Dewan, death mourned and designating April 12, 2021, as Kamden Dewan Johnson Day.. Description: Johnson, Kamden Dewan, death mourned and designating April 12, 2021, as Kamden Dewan Johnson Day.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Coosa Valley Electric Cooperative Board of Directors, commended. Description: Coosa Valley Electric Cooperative Board of Directors, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Oden, Carol Pender, death mourned. Description: Oden, Carol Pender, death mourned
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Waldrop, Tony G., commended. Description: Waldrop, Tony G., commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Hargrove, Joey Ryan, death mourned. Description: Hargrove, Joey Ryan, death mourned
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Manufacture Alabama's Diversify Initiative, expressing support for effort to increase diversity and inclusion in the manufacturing industry workforce through the work of. Description: Manufacture Alabama's Diversify Initiative, expressing support for effort to increase diversity and inclusion in the manufacturing industry workforce through the work of
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Holocaust education, endorsing and encouraging in the state. Description: Holocaust education, endorsing and encouraging in the state
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Uswatte, Dilhani, commended. Description: Uswatte, Dilhani, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Study Commission on the 9-8-8 Comprehensive Behavioral Health Crisis Communication System, created. Description: Study Commission on the 9-8-8 Comprehensive Behavioral Health Crisis Communication System, created
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Clemons, Adam, commended. Description: Clemons, Adam, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Thrasher, David, commended. Description: Thrasher, David, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Yom HaShoah Commemoration, recognized. Description: Yom HaShoah Commemoration, recognized
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Taylor, Joanna, commended. Description: Taylor, Joanna, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Joint Legislative Study Commission on Expanding Access to Quality Pre-kindergarten Early Education Programs, created. Description: Joint Legislative Study Commission on Expanding Access to Quality Pre-kindergarten Early Education Programs, created
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Hutchinson-Biehl, Darlene, commended. Description: Hutchinson-Biehl, Darlene, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Ferniany, Will, commended. Description: Ferniany, Will, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Jones, Hugh, death mourned. Description: Jones, Hugh, death mourned
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Helms, Jacob Allen, commended. Description: Helms, Jacob Allen, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Crumpton, Annie Lou Blankenship, commended. Description: Crumpton, Annie Lou Blankenship, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Interstate highway, in Mobile, designated in honor of Officer Justin Taylor Billa and Officer Sean Paul Tuder. Description: Interstate highway, in Mobile, designated in honor of Officer Justin Taylor Billa and Officer Sean Paul Tuder
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Water access, recognizing the importance of. Description: Water access, recognizing the importance of
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Mooty, Dean, commended. Description: Mooty, Dean, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Davis, Ed, death mourned. Description: Davis, Ed, death mourned
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Joint Committee on State House Programming and Planning, created. Description: Joint Committee on State House Programming and Planning, created
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: State Highway 55 South in Covington County, renamed in honor of Sgt. Rodney J. Evans. Description: State Highway 55 South in Covington County, renamed in honor of Sgt. Rodney J. Evans
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Striplin, Karoline, commended. Description: Striplin, Karoline, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Joint Interim Legislative Committee on the Recompilation of the Constitution, created. Description: Joint Interim Legislative Committee on the Recompilation of the Constitution, created
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Crain Rehab, commended. Description: Crain Rehab, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Jeff S. Green Bayou, named. Description: Jeff S. Green Bayou, named
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Robinson, Rochelle, commended. Description: Robinson, Rochelle, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Shelley, Bobby Ray, death mourned. Description: Shelley, Bobby Ray, death mourned
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Chief Steve Tucker Drive, portion of State Highway 46 in Ranburne, named. Description: Chief Steve Tucker Drive, portion of State Highway 46 in Ranburne, named
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Crain Rehab, commended. Description: Crain Rehab, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Higgins, Lamar P., death mourned. Description: Higgins, Lamar P., death mourned
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Violence, threats of violence against Asian American people, condemn. Description: Violence, threats of violence against Asian American people, condemn
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Jimmie Lee Lott, Sr. Memorial Highway, portion of Highway 219, named. Description: Jimmie Lee Lott, Sr. Memorial Highway, portion of Highway 219, named
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Taiwan, relations with the United States and State of Alabama, commended. Description: Taiwan, relations with the United States and State of Alabama, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: State Law Enforcement Agency, Alabama State Capitol and Alabama State House, exemplary service, commended. Description: State Law Enforcement Agency, Alabama State Capitol and Alabama State House, exemplary service, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Pike Liberal Arts School Junior Varsity and Varsity cheerleaders, commended. Description: Pike Liberal Arts School Junior Varsity and Varsity cheerleaders, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Opelika Boys Track and Field Team, commended. Description: Opelika Boys Track and Field Team, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Laird, Richard Joel, Sr., death mourned. Description: Laird, Richard Joel, Sr., death mourned
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Dentistry, Joint Interim Commission created to study the need for a second school of dentistry. Description: Dentistry, Joint Interim Commission created to study the need for a second school of dentistry
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Giddens, Robert Hugh, honored. Description: Giddens, Robert Hugh, honored
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Alabama A and M University football team, commended. Description: Alabama A and M University football team, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Alabama A and M University Men's Tennis Team, commended. Description: Alabama A and M University Men's Tennis Team, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Women's Hall of Fame Board, authorize to initiate a search process for a new host institution. Description: Women's Hall of Fame Board, authorize to initiate a search process for a new host institution
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Herring, Byron, commended. Description: Herring, Byron, commended
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Governor, committee appointed to notify that Legislature is in session and ready for the transaction of business. Description: Governor, committee appointed to notify that Legislature is in session and ready for the transaction of business
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Scrap Recyclers Association of Alabama, Alabama Recycling Coalition, and the Institute of Scrap Recycling Industries, commended. Description: Scrap Recyclers Association of Alabama, Alabama Recycling Coalition, and the Institute of Scrap Recycling Industries, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Military families, Purple Star Schools Program and Committee created to recognize K-12 schools committed to well being of students from. Description: Military families, Purple Star Schools Program and Committee created to recognize K-12 schools committed to well being of students from
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Bicentennial Commission, commended. Description: Bicentennial Commission, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Bicentennial Student Advisory Committee, commended. Description: Bicentennial Student Advisory Committee, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Master Teachers of the Alabama Bicentennial, commended. Description: Master Teachers of the Alabama Bicentennial, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Lamar, Jay, commended regarding Bicentennial. Description: Lamar, Jay, commended regarding Bicentennial
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Bicentennial Advisory Commission, commended. Description: Bicentennial Advisory Commission, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Bicentennial Education Committee, commended. Description: Bicentennial Education Committee, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Alabama USA Semiquincentennial Commission, created for 250th anniversary of USA on July 4, 2026.. Description: Alabama USA Semiquincentennial Commission, created for 250th anniversary of USA on July 4, 2026.
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Dixon, Larry Dean, death mourned. Description: Dixon, Larry Dean, death mourned
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Bicentennial Local Activities Committee, commended. Description: Bicentennial Local Activities Committee, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: United States Air Force, commended for selecting Alabama and Redstone Arsenal for the United States Space Command Headquarters. Description: United States Air Force, commended for selecting Alabama and Redstone Arsenal for the United States Space Command Headquarters
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Jackson County health care workers, commended, March as health care appreciation month recognized. Description: Jackson County health care workers, commended, March as health care appreciation month recognized
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Supermarket Employees Day, Feb. 22, 2021, recognized. Description: Supermarket Employees Day, Feb. 22, 2021, recognized
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Alabama Crimson Tide Football Team, commended. Description: Alabama Crimson Tide Football Team, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Veterans and military families, commended. Description: Veterans and military families, commended
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Saban Way, designated, 10th avenue and portions of 35th Street in Tuscaloosa. Description: Saban Way, designated, 10th avenue and portions of 35th Street in Tuscaloosa
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: National Prostate Cancer Awareness Month, September, recognized. Description: National Prostate Cancer Awareness Month, September, recognized
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Brown, Marie Hamrick, death mourned. Description: Brown, Marie Hamrick, death mourned
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Alabamians who lost their lives to COVID-19, death mourned. Description: Alabamians who lost their lives to COVID-19, death mourned
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Ferguson, James S., death mourned. Description: Ferguson, James S., death mourned
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: National Small Business Week, May 3-9, 2021, recognized. Description: National Small Business Week, May 3-9, 2021, recognized
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Alabama's Exports and International Trade Professionals, commended. Description: Alabama's Exports and International Trade Professionals, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Lathan, Terry, commended. Description: Lathan, Terry, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Washington, Sheila, and Scottsboro Boys Museum, commended. Description: Washington, Sheila, and Scottsboro Boys Museum, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Kennamer, Clay, recognized. Description: Kennamer, Clay, recognized
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Hewitt-Trussville Girls and Boys Indoor Track Teams, commended. Description: Hewitt-Trussville Girls and Boys Indoor Track Teams, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Pinson Valley High School Football Team, commended. Description: Pinson Valley High School Football Team, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Morris, John W., death mourned. Description: Morris, John W., death mourned
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Prostate Cancer Awareness Month, September 2021, proclaimed. Description: Prostate Cancer Awareness Month, September 2021, proclaimed
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: University of Alabama at Birmingham, named Forbes Best Employer, commended. Description: University of Alabama at Birmingham, named Forbes Best Employer, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: East Limestone High School Bowling Team, commended. Description: East Limestone High School Bowling Team, commended
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Gulf of Mexico outer continental shelf leasing, Senate Joint resolution continued supporting. Description: Gulf of Mexico outer continental shelf leasing, Senate Joint resolution continued supporting
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Sutton, Don, death mourned. Description: Sutton, Don, death mourned
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Study Commission on Pre-Trial Services and Alternative Courts, created. Description: Study Commission on Pre-Trial Services and Alternative Courts, created
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: The Medal of Honor Recipient CSM Bennie G. Adkins Memorial Bridge, bridge on Bent Creek Road over Interstate 85 in Lee County, named. Description: The Medal of Honor Recipient CSM Bennie G. Adkins Memorial Bridge, bridge on Bent Creek Road over Interstate 85 in Lee County, named
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Glenwood School, girls basketball team, commended. Description: Glenwood School, girls basketball team, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Salls, Donald J., death mourned. Description: Salls, Donald J., death mourned
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Stewart, Jr., William H., death mourned. Description: Stewart, Jr., William H., death mourned
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Volunteer Fire Departments and Community Medical Responders, Joint Legislative Study Committee on, created. Description: Volunteer Fire Departments and Community Medical Responders, Joint Legislative Study Committee on, created
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: National Women's History Month, March 2021, recognized. Description: National Women's History Month, March 2021, recognized
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: State employee and teacher compensation joint interim study commission, created. Description: State employee and teacher compensation joint interim study commission, created
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Alabama's retail sector, recognized. Description: Alabama's retail sector, recognized
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Census, standards for Metropolitan and Micropolitan Statistical Areas, opposing proposed changes to. Description: Census, standards for Metropolitan and Micropolitan Statistical Areas, opposing proposed changes to
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Miller, Karen R., commended. Description: Miller, Karen R., commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: National Space Exploration Day, July 20th, observed. Description: National Space Exploration Day, July 20th, observed
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Heat Transfer Product Group, commended. Description: Heat Transfer Product Group, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Newby, James M. Jr., death mourned. Description: Newby, James M. Jr., death mourned
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: POW/MIA Day, Septemberl 17, 2021, designated. Description: POW/MIA Day, Septemberl 17, 2021, designated
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Trawick, Dan Wayne, death mourned. Description: Trawick, Dan Wayne, death mourned
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Trawick, Joan Elliott, death mourned. Description: Trawick, Joan Elliott, death mourned
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Stockman, Carter Jackson, commended. Description: Stockman, Carter Jackson, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Stockman, Cleveland Jefferson, commended. Description: Stockman, Cleveland Jefferson, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Finance Dept., Division of Construction Management, encouraged to review benefits of Portland Limestone Cement and incentivizing its use. Description: Finance Dept., Division of Construction Management, encouraged to review benefits of Portland Limestone Cement and incentivizing its use
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Bunn, Terry Jackson, Sr., death mourned. Description: Bunn, Terry Jackson, Sr., death mourned
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Hargrove, Joey Ryan, death mourned. Description: Hargrove, Joey Ryan, death mourned
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Paperwork Reduction Committee, created in Act 2001-475, Governor urged to implement. Description: Paperwork Reduction Committee, created in Act 2001-475, Governor urged to implement
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Community College Tenure Policies, Joint Legislative Interim Study Commission created. Description: Community College Tenure Policies, Joint Legislative Interim Study Commission created
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Patterson, John Malcolm, commended. Description: Patterson, John Malcolm, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Water infrastructure projects, supporting local control of. Description: Water infrastructure projects, supporting local control of
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Physician/patient relationship, supported. Description: Physician/patient relationship, supported
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Clouse, James C., death mourned. Description: Clouse, James C., death mourned
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Cofield, Ronald M., commended. Description: Cofield, Ronald M., commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Ward, Senator Cam, commended. Description: Ward, Senator Cam, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Perdue, George Ervin, III., death mourned. Description: Perdue, George Ervin, III., death mourned
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Flanigan, Alexandria, commended. Description: Flanigan, Alexandria, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Public K-12 schools, urging State Board of Education and local boards of education to require drinking fountains, water bottle filling stations, and water coolers in schools. Description: Public K-12 schools, urging State Board of Education and local boards of education to require drinking fountains, water bottle filling stations, and water coolers in schools
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Green, Liberty Kayte, commended. Description: Green, Liberty Kayte, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: National Gold Star Children's Day, August 1, 2021, recognized. Description: National Gold Star Children's Day, August 1, 2021, recognized
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Republic of China (Taiwan), relation with the United States, commended and supported. Description: Republic of China (Taiwan), relation with the United States, commended and supported
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: University of Alabama men's basketball team, commended. Description: University of Alabama men's basketball team, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Randall A. Estes Memorial Bridge, the Nances Creek Bridge in Calhoun Co., named. Description: Randall A. Estes Memorial Bridge, the Nances Creek Bridge in Calhoun Co., named
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Higgins, Lamar P., death mourned. Description: Higgins, Lamar P., death mourned
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Technology Sector, economic contributions to the state, recognized. Description: Technology Sector, economic contributions to the state, recognized
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Houston, Frank Rives, death mourned. Description: Houston, Frank Rives, death mourned
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Maternal Mortality Review Committee, recognized, calling for continued funding. Description: Maternal Mortality Review Committee, recognized, calling for continued funding
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Chronic Weight Management and Type 2 Diabetes Task Force, created. Description: Chronic Weight Management and Type 2 Diabetes Task Force, created
In 2021, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Taiwan, relation with the United States and State of Alabama, commended. Description: Taiwan, relation with the United States and State of Alabama, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Pandemic Response and Preparedness Commission, created. Description: Pandemic Response and Preparedness Commission, created
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Education, Joint Interim Study Commission on Responsible Technology Purchases by Public Education, created. Description: Education, Joint Interim Study Commission on Responsible Technology Purchases by Public Education, created
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Ward, Larry, commended. Description: Ward, Larry, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Hewson, Marillyn Adams, commended. Description: Hewson, Marillyn Adams, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Anderson, Hilda Barbour, death mourned. Description: Anderson, Hilda Barbour, death mourned
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: England, John H., Jr., commeded. Description: England, John H., Jr., commeded
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Benz, Abigail, commended. Description: Benz, Abigail, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Cooperative Extension System's Master Gardener Program, recognized. Description: Cooperative Extension System's Master Gardener Program, recognized
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Alabama Farmers Federation, 100th anniversary, commended. Description: Alabama Farmers Federation, 100th anniversary, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Three On a String, legendary Birmingham band, commended. Description: Three On a String, legendary Birmingham band, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Public Service Recognition Week, May 2-8, 2021, recognized. Description: Public Service Recognition Week, May 2-8, 2021, recognized
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Cybersecurity Awareness Month, October 2021, recognized. Description: Cybersecurity Awareness Month, October 2021, recognized
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Bromberg, Frank Wallace, death mourned. Description: Bromberg, Frank Wallace, death mourned
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: National School Nurse Day, May 12, 2021, recognized. Description: National School Nurse Day, May 12, 2021, recognized
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: School nurses, commended. Description: School nurses, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Baldwin, Emee, commended. Description: Baldwin, Emee, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Lovvorn, Joe, commended. Description: Lovvorn, Joe, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Shelton State Community College baseball team, commended. Description: Shelton State Community College baseball team, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Smith, Sam Asa, commended. Description: Smith, Sam Asa, commended
In 2021, Alabama passed a bill titled: Israel, expressing solidarity with in its defense against terrorism in the Gaza Strip. Description: Israel, expressing solidarity with in its defense against terrorism in the Gaza Strip
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Controlled substances, relating to Schedule II, adding certain named chemical compounds of Tianeptine, Sec. 20-2-25 am'd.. Description: Controlled substances, relating to Schedule II, adding certain named chemical compounds of Tianeptine, Sec. 20-2-25 am'd.
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Real property, annexation, property with overlapped police jurisdictions, all property to be annexed with consent of all parties and affected municipalities under certain conditions, Sec. 11-42-21 am'd.. Description: Real property, annexation, property with overlapped police jurisdictions, all property to be annexed with consent of all parties and affected municipalities under certain conditions, Sec. 11-42-21 am'd.
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Wastewater treatment facilities, loan payback period by local governing bodies extended, Sec. 22-34-11 am'd.. Description: Wastewater treatment facilities, loan payback period by local governing bodies extended, Sec. 22-34-11 am'd.
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: ALEA, felony drug trafficking wiretapping, interception of wire, oral, or electronic communications, Attorney General to authorize to apply for court order for intercept and to apply for intercept orders, disclosure of recorded communications, penalties for violations, Secs. 20-2A-1 to 20-2A-15, inclusive, added; Sec. 15-5-40 am'd. Description: ALEA, felony drug trafficking wiretapping, interception of wire, oral, or electronic communications, Attorney General to authorize to apply for court order for intercept and to apply for intercept orders, disclosure of recorded communications, penalties for violations, Secs. 20-2A-1 to 20-2A-15, inclusive, added; Sec. 15-5-40 am'd
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Fayette Co., ad valorem tax on real property, add'l 3 mills, paid to Fayette Co. Firefighters Association, distrib to the paid and volunteer fire depts, const. amend.. Description: Fayette Co., ad valorem tax on real property, add'l 3 mills, paid to Fayette Co. Firefighters Association, distrib to the paid and volunteer fire depts, const. amend.
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Cottage food production operations, baked goods and roasted coffees, exempt from obtaining food service permit from health department, labeling of baked goods, other food items, food safety course required, Sec. 22-20-5.1 am'd.. Description: Cottage food production operations, baked goods and roasted coffees, exempt from obtaining food service permit from health department, labeling of baked goods, other food items, food safety course required, Sec. 22-20-5.1 am'd.
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Motor vehicles, driving without a license, penalties, Sec. 32-6-19 am'd.. Description: Motor vehicles, driving without a license, penalties, Sec. 32-6-19 am'd.
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: County Boards of Education, certain leases of goods or services exempted from the competitive bid law, Sec. 16-13B-2 am'd.. Description: County Boards of Education, certain leases of goods or services exempted from the competitive bid law, Sec. 16-13B-2 am'd.
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Conservation and Natural Resources Dept., disabled veteran lifetime hunting and fishing licenses, fees, disposition, Sec. 9-11-65.3 added.. Description: Conservation and Natural Resources Dept., disabled veteran lifetime hunting and fishing licenses, fees, disposition, Sec. 9-11-65.3 added.
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Missing and endangered persons, to expand existing law to include missing and endangered persons suffering from a mental or physical disability who are at risk of bodily harm or death; Secs. 26-19A-1 to 26-19A-5, inclusive, am'd.. Description: Missing and endangered persons, to expand existing law to include missing and endangered persons suffering from a mental or physical disability who are at risk of bodily harm or death; Secs. 26-19A-1 to 26-19A-5, inclusive, am'd.
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Consumer, regulate microblading and eyelash extension facilities, penalties. Description: Consumer, regulate microblading and eyelash extension facilities, penalties
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Motor vehicles, smoking of tobacco products prohibited in vehicle with minor present. Description: Motor vehicles, smoking of tobacco products prohibited in vehicle with minor present
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Marriage, minimum age of contracting marriage increased from the age of 16 to age 17, Sec. 30-1-4 am'd.. Description: Marriage, minimum age of contracting marriage increased from the age of 16 to age 17, Sec. 30-1-4 am'd.
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Crimes and offenses, crime of female genital mutilation established, criminal penalties provided. Description: Crimes and offenses, crime of female genital mutilation established, criminal penalties provided
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Organ transplant recipients, discrimination against persons with disabilities prohibited. Description: Organ transplant recipients, discrimination against persons with disabilities prohibited
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Crimes and offenses, crimes motivated by race, color, religion, national origin, ethnicity, or physical or mental disability, to include employment as a law enforcement officer within the protected class, Sec. 13A-5-13 am'd.. Description: Crimes and offenses, crimes motivated by race, color, religion, national origin, ethnicity, or physical or mental disability, to include employment as a law enforcement officer within the protected class, Sec. 13A-5-13 am'd.
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Revenue Dept, income tax refunds, set off debt collection, public institutions of higher education as claimant agencies under certain conditions, Sec. 40-18-100 am'd.. Description: Revenue Dept, income tax refunds, set off debt collection, public institutions of higher education as claimant agencies under certain conditions, Sec. 40-18-100 am'd.
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Economic Dev, property adjacent to U.S. Air Force Base, mun. or co. authorized to form authority for development, issuance of bonds, tax exemptions. Description: Economic Dev, property adjacent to U.S. Air Force Base, mun. or co. authorized to form authority for development, issuance of bonds, tax exemptions
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Insurance Dept., service contract law, expenses related to examination by Commissioner of Insurance, Vehicle Protection Products Act, fees deposited in Insurance Dept. Fund, expense related to exam by commissioner, Sec. 8-33-14 added.. Description: Insurance Dept., service contract law, expenses related to examination by Commissioner of Insurance, Vehicle Protection Products Act, fees deposited in Insurance Dept. Fund, expense related to exam by commissioner, Sec. 8-33-14 added.
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: State Fire Marshal, fireworks and pyrotechnics, fees, increased, transfer of portion to Firefighters Annuity and Benefit Fund, increases further based on Consumer Price Index, Sec. 36-19-31 added; Secs. 8-17-211, 8-17-216.1, 8-17-237, 8-17-255, 34-33-11, 34-33A-12, 36-19-29 am'd.. Description: State Fire Marshal, fireworks and pyrotechnics, fees, increased, transfer of portion to Firefighters Annuity and Benefit Fund, increases further based on Consumer Price Index, Sec. 36-19-31 added; Secs. 8-17-211, 8-17-216.1, 8-17-237, 8-17-255, 34-33-11, 34-33A-12, 36-19-29 am'd.
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Insurance, reinsurance, regulation and credit against reserves, adoption of similar to Credit for Reinsurance Model Law by Nat. Assoc. of Insurance Commissioners, Secs. 27-5B-8.1, 27-5B-20 added; Secs. 27-5B-3, 27-5B-9, 27-5B-11, 27-5B-14, 27-5B-19 am'd.. Description: Insurance, reinsurance, regulation and credit against reserves, adoption of similar to Credit for Reinsurance Model Law by Nat. Assoc. of Insurance Commissioners, Secs. 27-5B-8.1, 27-5B-20 added; Secs. 27-5B-3, 27-5B-9, 27-5B-11, 27-5B-14, 27-5B-19 am'd.
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Board of Funeral Service, financial flexibility provided, bd. authorized to acquire, hold, and , convey real property, Funeral Board Property Acquisition Fund, established, Secs. 34-13-23, 34-13-27 am'd.. Description: Board of Funeral Service, financial flexibility provided, bd. authorized to acquire, hold, and , convey real property, Funeral Board Property Acquisition Fund, established, Secs. 34-13-23, 34-13-27 am'd.
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Criminal prosecutions, update outdated language in provision pertaining to video depositions in child abuse prosecutions, Sec. 15-25-2 am'd.. Description: Criminal prosecutions, update outdated language in provision pertaining to video depositions in child abuse prosecutions, Sec. 15-25-2 am'd.
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Retirement, RSA, retirement plans, Tier III retirement plan created, Tier III Teacher Recruitment and Retention Act, plan benefits defined, Secs. 16-25-1, 16-25-11.1, 16-25-14, 16-25-21 am'd.. Description: Retirement, RSA, retirement plans, Tier III retirement plan created, Tier III Teacher Recruitment and Retention Act, plan benefits defined, Secs. 16-25-1, 16-25-11.1, 16-25-14, 16-25-21 am'd.
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Elmore Co., motor vehicle licensing division, transferred from judge of probate to revenue commissioner, salary of judge of probate and revenue commissioner further provided for, Secs. 45-26-81.40 to 45-26-81.46, inclusive, 45-26-242.20 to 45-26-242.26, inclusive, am'd and renumbered. Description: Elmore Co., motor vehicle licensing division, transferred from judge of probate to revenue commissioner, salary of judge of probate and revenue commissioner further provided for, Secs. 45-26-81.40 to 45-26-81.46, inclusive, 45-26-242.20 to 45-26-242.26, inclusive, am'd and renumbered
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Motor vehicles, license plate issuance fee, exemption for disabled veterans under certain conditions. Description: Motor vehicles, license plate issuance fee, exemption for disabled veterans under certain conditions
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Bail, criminal cases, const. amend. Description: Bail, criminal cases, const. amend
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Mayoral pardons, limit power so mayor may not remit fines or costs relating to, commute sentences for, or pardon any conviction for domestic violence, Sec. 12-14-15 am'd.. Description: Mayoral pardons, limit power so mayor may not remit fines or costs relating to, commute sentences for, or pardon any conviction for domestic violence, Sec. 12-14-15 am'd.
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Talladega Co., churches, deadly physical force, use in self-defense or defense of others, const. amend.. Description: Talladega Co., churches, deadly physical force, use in self-defense or defense of others, const. amend.
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Onsite Wastewater Board, requirement of annual transfer of unencumbered funds to State Gen. Fund deleted, administrative fines increased, Secs. 34-21A-6, 34-21A-25 am'd.. Description: Onsite Wastewater Board, requirement of annual transfer of unencumbered funds to State Gen. Fund deleted, administrative fines increased, Secs. 34-21A-6, 34-21A-25 am'd.
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Taxation, individual income tax, simplified short form, allow up to fifteen hundred of interest and dividend income, Sec. 40-18-15.7 am'd.. Description: Taxation, individual income tax, simplified short form, allow up to fifteen hundred of interest and dividend income, Sec. 40-18-15.7 am'd.
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: State government, Dept. of Senior Services, membership of advisory board further provided, Sec. 38-3-1 am'd.. Description: State government, Dept. of Senior Services, membership of advisory board further provided, Sec. 38-3-1 am'd.
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Local Boards of Education, military dependents deemed Alabama residents for purposes of virtual education when member of US Armed Forces ordered to relocate to state, Sec. 16-46A-1 am'd.. Description: Local Boards of Education, military dependents deemed Alabama residents for purposes of virtual education when member of US Armed Forces ordered to relocate to state, Sec. 16-46A-1 am'd.
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Nursing, Board of, by rule, authorized to establish standards for student nurse apprenticeships and to issue apprentice permits, Sec. 34-12-2 am'd.. Description: Nursing, Board of, by rule, authorized to establish standards for student nurse apprenticeships and to issue apprentice permits, Sec. 34-12-2 am'd.
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Pisgah High School Girls Basketball Team, commended. Description: Pisgah High School Girls Basketball Team, commended
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Justices and judges, revise compensation received by retired justices and judges who are called to active duty, Secs. 12-18-10, 12-18-61 am'd.. Description: Justices and judges, revise compensation received by retired justices and judges who are called to active duty, Secs. 12-18-10, 12-18-61 am'd.
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Motor vehicles, registration, transporter defined, issuance of temporary license plates and temporary registration certificates further provided, Secs. 32-8-2, 32-6-210, 32-6-212, 32-6-214, 32-6-215, 32-6-216, 32-6-217, 32-6-218, 32-6-219 am'd.. Description: Motor vehicles, registration, transporter defined, issuance of temporary license plates and temporary registration certificates further provided, Secs. 32-8-2, 32-6-210, 32-6-212, 32-6-214, 32-6-215, 32-6-216, 32-6-217, 32-6-218, 32-6-219 am'd.
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Dauphin Island Sea Lab, official Aquarium of Alabama. Description: Dauphin Island Sea Lab, official Aquarium of Alabama
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Bail, to provide for an additional offense under which you can be denied bail, Secs. 15-13-2, 15-13-3, 15-13-7, 15-13-104, 15-13-105, 15-13-106 am'd.. Description: Bail, to provide for an additional offense under which you can be denied bail, Secs. 15-13-2, 15-13-3, 15-13-7, 15-13-104, 15-13-105, 15-13-106 am'd.
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Military leave of absence, private right of action against violators, created, prohibit discrimination against members of the uniformed services for exercising his or her rights, Sec. 31-12-2 am'd.. Description: Military leave of absence, private right of action against violators, created, prohibit discrimination against members of the uniformed services for exercising his or her rights, Sec. 31-12-2 am'd.
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Crime of assault, second degree, journalist, intent to cause physical injury to a journalist during the performance of their duties causing physical injury, Sec. 13A-6-21 am'd.. Description: Crime of assault, second degree, journalist, intent to cause physical injury to a journalist during the performance of their duties causing physical injury, Sec. 13A-6-21 am'd.
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Madison Co., building permit fee, levy and disbursement further provided. Description: Madison Co., building permit fee, levy and disbursement further provided
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Adoption, to allow for post-adoption agreements for contact between adopted child and biologial relatives, Caleb's law, Sec. 26-10A-30 am'd.. Description: Adoption, to allow for post-adoption agreements for contact between adopted child and biologial relatives, Caleb's law, Sec. 26-10A-30 am'd.
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Colbert Co., churches, self-defense, deadly physical force, use in self-defense or defense of others, const. amend.. Description: Colbert Co., churches, self-defense, deadly physical force, use in self-defense or defense of others, const. amend.
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Bibb Co., judge of probate authorized to exercise equity jurisdiction under certain conditions, const. amend.. Description: Bibb Co., judge of probate authorized to exercise equity jurisdiction under certain conditions, const. amend.
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Solid waste disposal, definition of landfill provided, Sec. 22-27-2 am'd.. Description: Solid waste disposal, definition of landfill provided, Sec. 22-27-2 am'd.
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Faunsdale, alcoholic beverages, Sunday sales. Description: Faunsdale, alcoholic beverages, Sunday sales
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Oak Grove, corp. limits alt.. Description: Oak Grove, corp. limits alt.
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Oak Grove, corp. limits alt.. Description: Oak Grove, corp. limits alt.
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Municipal occupational taxes, prohibited if not already in effect unless authorized by local law. Description: Municipal occupational taxes, prohibited if not already in effect unless authorized by local law
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Gardendale, municipal judges and magistrates for municipal courts, authorized to issue warrant recall fee for failure to appear for municipal ordinance or traffic violation, distrib. to municipal corrections fund. Description: Gardendale, municipal judges and magistrates for municipal courts, authorized to issue warrant recall fee for failure to appear for municipal ordinance or traffic violation, distrib. to municipal corrections fund
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Wallace-Folsom Savings Investment Plan Act, ACES Program, name of and name of Admin Fund and savings accounts changed to AL Comprehensive Education Savings Program, definitions clarified, Secs. 16-33C-3, 16-33C-10 am'd.. Description: Wallace-Folsom Savings Investment Plan Act, ACES Program, name of and name of Admin Fund and savings accounts changed to AL Comprehensive Education Savings Program, definitions clarified, Secs. 16-33C-3, 16-33C-10 am'd.
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Supervision of violent offenders, to require electronic monitoring for inmates on work release in certain circumstances, Sec. 14-8-2 am'd.. Description: Supervision of violent offenders, to require electronic monitoring for inmates on work release in certain circumstances, Sec. 14-8-2 am'd.
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Agricultural lime, required to be labeled with relative neutralizing value as defined, Secs. 2-23-2, 2-23-4 am'd.. Description: Agricultural lime, required to be labeled with relative neutralizing value as defined, Secs. 2-23-2, 2-23-4 am'd.
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Juveniles, grounds for termination of parental rights, factors for juvenile courts to consider, permanency plans for children, Secs. 12-15-319, 26-10A-17 am'd.. Description: Juveniles, grounds for termination of parental rights, factors for juvenile courts to consider, permanency plans for children, Secs. 12-15-319, 26-10A-17 am'd.
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Taxation, private auditing or collecting firms prohibited from recovering certain expenses from taxpayers, Sec. 40-29-20.1 added.. Description: Taxation, private auditing or collecting firms prohibited from recovering certain expenses from taxpayers, Sec. 40-29-20.1 added.
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Credit Unions, financial institution excise tax, taxable income, calculation, reserve for losses deleted, assessment and refunds further provided for tax years prior to 1-1-2020, Act 2019-284, 2019 Reg. Sess., am'd; Sec. 40-16-1.3 am'd.. Description: Credit Unions, financial institution excise tax, taxable income, calculation, reserve for losses deleted, assessment and refunds further provided for tax years prior to 1-1-2020, Act 2019-284, 2019 Reg. Sess., am'd; Sec. 40-16-1.3 am'd.
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Ethics, filing of statement of economic interests by candidates for municipal office further provided for, Sec. 36-25-15 am'd.. Description: Ethics, filing of statement of economic interests by candidates for municipal office further provided for, Sec. 36-25-15 am'd.
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Coffee Co., Board of Registrars, working days increased, Sec. 17-3-8 am'd.. Description: Coffee Co., Board of Registrars, working days increased, Sec. 17-3-8 am'd.
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Social Work Examiners, Board of, duties, board authorized to charge and collect fees to verify existence of current license, Sec. 34-30-57 am'd.. Description: Social Work Examiners, Board of, duties, board authorized to charge and collect fees to verify existence of current license, Sec. 34-30-57 am'd.
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Pickens Co., county superintendent of education, shall continue to be elected, const. amend.. Description: Pickens Co., county superintendent of education, shall continue to be elected, const. amend.
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Employees' Retirement System Board of Control, membership revised, diversity language included, terms of service further provided for, Sec. 36-27-23 am'd.. Description: Employees' Retirement System Board of Control, membership revised, diversity language included, terms of service further provided for, Sec. 36-27-23 am'd.
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Emergencies or disasters, declared by President or Governor, Dept. of Rev. Commissioner authorized to waive International Fuel Tax Agreement and International Registration Plan relating to motor vehicles, Sec. 40-2-11 am'd.. Description: Emergencies or disasters, declared by President or Governor, Dept. of Rev. Commissioner authorized to waive International Fuel Tax Agreement and International Registration Plan relating to motor vehicles, Sec. 40-2-11 am'd.
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Crimes and offenses, illegal for a school employee to solicit a student to send obscene material to any person, Sec. 13A-6-82.1 am'd.. Description: Crimes and offenses, illegal for a school employee to solicit a student to send obscene material to any person, Sec. 13A-6-82.1 am'd.
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Supplemental appropriations, Alabama State Board of Midwifery Fund to the Alabama State Board of Midwifery; Genetic Counseling Fund to the Alabama Board of Genetic Counseling; Alabama Bail Bond Board Fund to the Alabama Professional Bail Bonding Board; Forever Wild Land Trust Fund to the Board of Forever Wild Land Trust; General Fund to Dept. of Finance, Conservation and Natural Resources Dept., Legislature, Alabama Forestry, Dept. of Mental Health, Dept. of Human Resources and General Fund Budget Reserve Fund, supp. approp. for fiscal year 2020.. Description: Supplemental appropriations, Alabama State Board of Midwifery Fund to the Alabama State Board of Midwifery; Genetic Counseling Fund to the Alabama Board of Genetic Counseling; Alabama Bail Bond Board Fund to the Alabama Professional Bail Bonding Board; Forever Wild Land Trust Fund to the Board of Forever Wild Land Trust; General Fund to Dept. of Finance, Conservation and Natural Resources Dept., Legislature, Alabama Forestry, Dept. of Mental Health, Dept. of Human Resources and General Fund Budget Reserve Fund, supp. approp. for fiscal year 2020.
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Education budget, appropriations for the support, maintenance, and development of public education. Description: Education budget, appropriations for the support, maintenance, and development of public education
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Appropriations, supplemental appropriations for fiscal year 2020, from Education Trust Fund to the State Dept. of Education, Alabama Community College System, Marine Environmental Sciences Consortium, Commerce Dept., and the Alabama Institute for the Deaf and Blind, Act 2019-403, 2019 Reg. Sess., am'd.. Description: Appropriations, supplemental appropriations for fiscal year 2020, from Education Trust Fund to the State Dept. of Education, Alabama Community College System, Marine Environmental Sciences Consortium, Commerce Dept., and the Alabama Institute for the Deaf and Blind, Act 2019-403, 2019 Reg. Sess., am'd.
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Appropriations, supplemental appropriations for fiscal year ending September 30, 2020, from the Education Trust Fund Advancement and Technology Fund to various school systems and colleges and universities, and other entities. Description: Appropriations, supplemental appropriations for fiscal year ending September 30, 2020, from the Education Trust Fund Advancement and Technology Fund to various school systems and colleges and universities, and other entities
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Talladega College, appropriation. Description: Talladega College, appropriation
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Lyman Ward Military Academy, appropriation. Description: Lyman Ward Military Academy, appropriation
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Tuskegee University, appropriation. Description: Tuskegee University, appropriation
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Consumer Protection, Alabama State of Emergency Consumer Protection Act, enhanced criminal penalties provided under certain conditions, Sec. 13A-9-111.1 added; Sec. 13A-9-114, 34-14A-14, 34-31-32, 34-36-16, 34-37-17 am'd.. Description: Consumer Protection, Alabama State of Emergency Consumer Protection Act, enhanced criminal penalties provided under certain conditions, Sec. 13A-9-111.1 added; Sec. 13A-9-114, 34-14A-14, 34-31-32, 34-36-16, 34-37-17 am'd.
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Limestone Co., churches, deadly physical force, use in self-defense or defense of others, const. amend.. Description: Limestone Co., churches, deadly physical force, use in self-defense or defense of others, const. amend.
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Business and Nonprofit Entities Code, substantially revised to allow corporations to elect to become benefit corporations, update definitions, allow for electronic filing, and provide standards for filing instruments, numerous sections of Title 10A added, amended, and renumbered. Description: Business and Nonprofit Entities Code, substantially revised to allow corporations to elect to become benefit corporations, update definitions, allow for electronic filing, and provide standards for filing instruments, numerous sections of Title 10A added, amended, and renumbered
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Baldwin Co., Barnwell Landmark District, annexation of property in district prohibited by local law, exception, const. amend.. Description: Baldwin Co., Barnwell Landmark District, annexation of property in district prohibited by local law, exception, const. amend.
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Financial institutions, authorized to refuse to execute or delay execution of certain financial transactions involving account of an elderly or vulnerable adult when financial exploitation may have occurred, may have been attempted, or is being attempted. Description: Financial institutions, authorized to refuse to execute or delay execution of certain financial transactions involving account of an elderly or vulnerable adult when financial exploitation may have occurred, may have been attempted, or is being attempted
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Pistol permits, active member of U.S. Armed Forces and an honorably discharged veteran, issuance without payment of fee, Sec. 13A-11-75.1 am'd.. Description: Pistol permits, active member of U.S. Armed Forces and an honorably discharged veteran, issuance without payment of fee, Sec. 13A-11-75.1 am'd.
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Animals, dogs, allowing a pet dog in an outdoor dining area under certain conditions. Description: Animals, dogs, allowing a pet dog in an outdoor dining area under certain conditions
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Greene Co., coroner, comp and expense allowance, co. commission authorized to provide, payment for equipment and supplies authorized, Sec. 45-32-60.01 repealed. Description: Greene Co., coroner, comp and expense allowance, co. commission authorized to provide, payment for equipment and supplies authorized, Sec. 45-32-60.01 repealed
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Education, public K-12, Teacher Bill of Rights, created, distribution and posting of bill of rights provided. Description: Education, public K-12, Teacher Bill of Rights, created, distribution and posting of bill of rights provided
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Time; to adopt Daylight Savings Time statewide if Congress amends Federal law to allow it.. Description: Time; to adopt Daylight Savings Time statewide if Congress amends Federal law to allow it.
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Tax Assessor or Revenue Commissioner, homestead exemptions, electronic verification at the discretion of tax assessing official, Sec. 40-9-21.1 am'd.. Description: Tax Assessor or Revenue Commissioner, homestead exemptions, electronic verification at the discretion of tax assessing official, Sec. 40-9-21.1 am'd.
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Captive Insurance Companies, insurance in alien jurisdictions auth., requirements for an Alabama Coastal Captive Insurance Company revised, certificate of dormancy provided for, Secs. 27-31B-26, 27-31C-3.1 added; Sec. 27-31C-4 repealed; Secs. 27-31B-2, 27-31B-3, 37-31B-6, 27-31C-3 am'd.. Description: Captive Insurance Companies, insurance in alien jurisdictions auth., requirements for an Alabama Coastal Captive Insurance Company revised, certificate of dormancy provided for, Secs. 27-31B-26, 27-31C-3.1 added; Sec. 27-31C-4 repealed; Secs. 27-31B-2, 27-31B-3, 37-31B-6, 27-31C-3 am'd.
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: White, Marie Alexandria Poiroux Wilson, commended. Description: White, Marie Alexandria Poiroux Wilson, commended
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: County boards of equalization, appointment of members to, Revenue Commissioner authorize to make appointments under certain conditions, process for filling vacancies, per diem increased for active members, Secs. 40-3-2, 40-3-4, 40-3-7, 40-3-8 am'd.. Description: County boards of equalization, appointment of members to, Revenue Commissioner authorize to make appointments under certain conditions, process for filling vacancies, per diem increased for active members, Secs. 40-3-2, 40-3-4, 40-3-7, 40-3-8 am'd.
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Shelby Co., cities, counties, and utilities, mutual aid agreements authorized to restore utility service in emergencies, const. amend.. Description: Shelby Co., cities, counties, and utilities, mutual aid agreements authorized to restore utility service in emergencies, const. amend.
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Calhoun Co., license commissioner, issuance fee, add'l on motor vehicle registration renewals. Description: Calhoun Co., license commissioner, issuance fee, add'l on motor vehicle registration renewals
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Education, grades K-12, yoga, authorize local boards of education to offer to students. Description: Education, grades K-12, yoga, authorize local boards of education to offer to students
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Revenue and taxation, motor vehicle wholesale auction licensing, auction transit license plates, provided, Secs. 40-12-264, 40-12-447 am'd.. Description: Revenue and taxation, motor vehicle wholesale auction licensing, auction transit license plates, provided, Secs. 40-12-264, 40-12-447 am'd.
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Rainsville, corp. limits alt.. Description: Rainsville, corp. limits alt.
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Lawrence Co., service of process fee, increased, service for out-of-state documents, fee provided for, distribution. Description: Lawrence Co., service of process fee, increased, service for out-of-state documents, fee provided for, distribution
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Gardner, Ruble Ray, commended. Description: Gardner, Ruble Ray, commended
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Tuscaloosa Co, privately owned sewer systems that use public rights-of-way in city limits, under jurisdiction of PSC, const. amend.. Description: Tuscaloosa Co, privately owned sewer systems that use public rights-of-way in city limits, under jurisdiction of PSC, const. amend.
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Emergency Medical Services Personnel, community paramedicine program authorized, State Board of Health to adopt rules, Sec. 22-18-10 added; Sec. 22-18-1 am'd.. Description: Emergency Medical Services Personnel, community paramedicine program authorized, State Board of Health to adopt rules, Sec. 22-18-10 added; Sec. 22-18-1 am'd.
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: General election, revise election schedule for November 3, 2020, election. Description: General election, revise election schedule for November 3, 2020, election
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Motor vehicles, electric bicycles, operation and regulation provided, Sec. 32-5A-267 added; Secs. 32-1-1.1, 32-12-20, 32-12A-1 am'd.. Description: Motor vehicles, electric bicycles, operation and regulation provided, Sec. 32-5A-267 added; Secs. 32-1-1.1, 32-12-20, 32-12A-1 am'd.
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Taxation, tax credit, authorized for the cost of acquisition and construction of a qualified storm shelter. Description: Taxation, tax credit, authorized for the cost of acquisition and construction of a qualified storm shelter
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Voter registration lists, to permit a registered voter or spouse of a registered voter who is a prosecutor, judge, or law enforcement officer to have info omitted, Sec. 17-4-33 am'd.. Description: Voter registration lists, to permit a registered voter or spouse of a registered voter who is a prosecutor, judge, or law enforcement officer to have info omitted, Sec. 17-4-33 am'd.
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Crimes and offenses, to revise the criminal penalties for violations of fleeing or attempting to elude law enforcement, Sec. 13A-10-52 am'd.. Description: Crimes and offenses, to revise the criminal penalties for violations of fleeing or attempting to elude law enforcement, Sec. 13A-10-52 am'd.
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Emergency responders, Alabama Fire College authorized to provide certification to peer support members, Sec. 36-21-14 am'd.. Description: Emergency responders, Alabama Fire College authorized to provide certification to peer support members, Sec. 36-21-14 am'd.
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Alabama STEM Council (Science, Technology, Engineering, and Mathematics), created as independent state entity within Dept. of Commerce Workforce Division to advise Gov., Lt. Gov., St.Dept. of Edu., and Legislature on STEM education and workforce development; membership, duties, executive committee provided. Description: Alabama STEM Council (Science, Technology, Engineering, and Mathematics), created as independent state entity within Dept. of Commerce Workforce Division to advise Gov., Lt. Gov., St.Dept. of Edu., and Legislature on STEM education and workforce development; membership, duties, executive committee provided
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Jasper, raise number of seats on the Civil Service Board from three to five, and to provide that each city council district is represented by one seat, Act No. 113, 1965 First Sp. Sess., am'd.. Description: Jasper, raise number of seats on the Civil Service Board from three to five, and to provide that each city council district is represented by one seat, Act No. 113, 1965 First Sp. Sess., am'd.
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Butler Co., county board of education members to serve 4-yr terms, const. amend.. Description: Butler Co., county board of education members to serve 4-yr terms, const. amend.
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: St. Clair Co., compensation, add'l expense allowance for coroner, county commissioners, chair of the co. commission, and revenue commissioner. Description: St. Clair Co., compensation, add'l expense allowance for coroner, county commissioners, chair of the co. commission, and revenue commissioner
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Dallas Co., district court, judicial vacancies to be filled by nominations by judicial commission to the Governor, const. amend.. Description: Dallas Co., district court, judicial vacancies to be filled by nominations by judicial commission to the Governor, const. amend.
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Motor vehicles, abandoned, Class 1 municipalities, towing of, under certain conditions, Sec. 32-13-2 am'd.. Description: Motor vehicles, abandoned, Class 1 municipalities, towing of, under certain conditions, Sec. 32-13-2 am'd.
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Jefferson Co., retire police officers, allowed percentage of retired police officers that may be rehired by Birmingham Police Dept, increased, Sec. 45-37A-51.237 am'd.. Description: Jefferson Co., retire police officers, allowed percentage of retired police officers that may be rehired by Birmingham Police Dept, increased, Sec. 45-37A-51.237 am'd.
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Law enforcement officers, requiring officers to have not less than 16 hours of crisis intervention training. Description: Law enforcement officers, requiring officers to have not less than 16 hours of crisis intervention training
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Sulligent, alcoholic beverages, draft beer, sale of authorized by ordinance. Description: Sulligent, alcoholic beverages, draft beer, sale of authorized by ordinance
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Health, mental health, law enforcement, authorized to take an individual with mental illness into protective custody under certain conditions, protection from civil and criminal liabilities. Description: Health, mental health, law enforcement, authorized to take an individual with mental illness into protective custody under certain conditions, protection from civil and criminal liabilities
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Education, K-12, mental health service coordinator for each school system, subject to Legislative appropriation, Dept. of Mental Health and State Department of Education duties specified, qualifications provided. Description: Education, K-12, mental health service coordinator for each school system, subject to Legislative appropriation, Dept. of Mental Health and State Department of Education duties specified, qualifications provided
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Labor Dept., definitions and references to Secretary of Labor updated in AL Surface Mining Act of 1969, departmental employee in lieu of registered forester to perform inspections, amount of fed funds retained in Special Abandoned Mine Reclamation Trust Fund increased, unemployment compensation language conformed and exclusivity of certain procedures specified, Secs. 25-4-59, 25-4-153 added; Secs. 9-16-2, 9-16-8, 9-16-135, 25-4-72 am'd.. Description: Labor Dept., definitions and references to Secretary of Labor updated in AL Surface Mining Act of 1969, departmental employee in lieu of registered forester to perform inspections, amount of fed funds retained in Special Abandoned Mine Reclamation Trust Fund increased, unemployment compensation language conformed and exclusivity of certain procedures specified, Secs. 25-4-59, 25-4-153 added; Secs. 9-16-2, 9-16-8, 9-16-135, 25-4-72 am'd.
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Madison Co., Huntsville Public Library Bd., add'l members appt. by City of Madison and Madison Co. Comm., bd renamed Huntsville-Mad. Co. Public Library Bd.. Description: Madison Co., Huntsville Public Library Bd., add'l members appt. by City of Madison and Madison Co. Comm., bd renamed Huntsville-Mad. Co. Public Library Bd.
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: House of Representatives, Special Order Calendar. Description: House of Representatives, Special Order Calendar
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Lamar Co., tangible personal property and other items, provide further for the sale or disposal of under the control of the co. commission, Sec. 45-38-71.01 am'd.. Description: Lamar Co., tangible personal property and other items, provide further for the sale or disposal of under the control of the co. commission, Sec. 45-38-71.01 am'd.
In 2020, Alabama enrolled a bill titled: Muscle Shoals, city bd. of ed., membs. election from city at large., qualifications, terms, comp., filling vacancies, referendum. Description: Muscle Shoals, city bd. of ed., membs. election from city at large., qualifications, terms, comp., filling vacancies, referendum
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: St. Clair Co., probate office, filing and recording fee provided, County Mental Health Advisory Board, provided. Description: St. Clair Co., probate office, filing and recording fee provided, County Mental Health Advisory Board, provided
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Walker Co., judge of probate authorized to exercise equity jurisdiction under certain conditions, const. amend.. Description: Walker Co., judge of probate authorized to exercise equity jurisdiction under certain conditions, const. amend.
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Gunterville, ad valorem tax, authorized to levy add'l for public schools, referendum. Description: Gunterville, ad valorem tax, authorized to levy add'l for public schools, referendum
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Montgomery Co., sheriff, qualifications, continuing education required. Description: Montgomery Co., sheriff, qualifications, continuing education required
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Colbert Co., license required to operate a community reentry program for individuals released from incarceration, co. commission authorized to establish additional licensing requirements, const. amend.. Description: Colbert Co., license required to operate a community reentry program for individuals released from incarceration, co. commission authorized to establish additional licensing requirements, const. amend.
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Privilege assessments, assessment increased, methodology for recalculation of assets provided, quality incentive program for nursing facilities, Secs. 40-26B-21, 40-26B-26, 40-26B-27 am'd.. Description: Privilege assessments, assessment increased, methodology for recalculation of assets provided, quality incentive program for nursing facilities, Secs. 40-26B-21, 40-26B-26, 40-26B-27 am'd.
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Demopolis, corp. limits, alt.. Description: Demopolis, corp. limits, alt.
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Decatur, Board of Education, terms of office, further provided, compensation, Act 95-363, 1995 Reg. Sess., am'd.. Description: Decatur, Board of Education, terms of office, further provided, compensation, Act 95-363, 1995 Reg. Sess., am'd.
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Geneva Co.,sheriff, may provide retiring officer with his or her badge and pistol. Description: Geneva Co.,sheriff, may provide retiring officer with his or her badge and pistol
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Geneva Co., creating a rehabilitation program for the Geneva County jail. Description: Geneva Co., creating a rehabilitation program for the Geneva County jail
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Geneva Co., sheriff authorized to sell certain abandoned, unclaimed, or stolen property, and firearms, notice, record keeping requirement, distribution of funds for law enforcement purposes. Description: Geneva Co., sheriff authorized to sell certain abandoned, unclaimed, or stolen property, and firearms, notice, record keeping requirement, distribution of funds for law enforcement purposes
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Geneva Co., personnel bd., act repealed upon effective date of new co. personnel system Article 12, Ch.31, Title 45 repealed, 45-31-120 to 45-31-120.22, inclusive, 45-31-121 repealed. Description: Geneva Co., personnel bd., act repealed upon effective date of new co. personnel system Article 12, Ch.31, Title 45 repealed, 45-31-120 to 45-31-120.22, inclusive, 45-31-121 repealed
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Tallapoosa Co., Willow Point Estates, platted subdivisions, local laws authorized to establish road maint. districts, referendums, assessments for road maint, const. amend.. Description: Tallapoosa Co., Willow Point Estates, platted subdivisions, local laws authorized to establish road maint. districts, referendums, assessments for road maint, const. amend.
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Talladega Co., septage, application to land as fertilizer or soil amendment, prohibited, const. amend.. Description: Talladega Co., septage, application to land as fertilizer or soil amendment, prohibited, const. amend.
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Elmore Co., sheriff, authorized to sell firearms to gun dealers with active business license for one year, Act 2007-325, 2007 Reg Sess., am'd, Sec. 45-26-231.02 am'd.. Description: Elmore Co., sheriff, authorized to sell firearms to gun dealers with active business license for one year, Act 2007-325, 2007 Reg Sess., am'd, Sec. 45-26-231.02 am'd.
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Sylacauga, corp. limits alt.. Description: Sylacauga, corp. limits alt.
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Chambers Co., sheriffs, additional qualifications, continuing education. Description: Chambers Co., sheriffs, additional qualifications, continuing education
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Randolph Co., sale of draft or keg beer, auth. under certain conditions. Description: Randolph Co., sale of draft or keg beer, auth. under certain conditions
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Lauderdale Co., superintendent of education, election by qualified electors residing outside corporate limits of Florence, Act 33, 1931 Reg. Sess., am'd.. Description: Lauderdale Co., superintendent of education, election by qualified electors residing outside corporate limits of Florence, Act 33, 1931 Reg. Sess., am'd.
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Cherokee Co., sheriff, authorized to charge a fee for fingerprinting certain persons, distrib. of fee, retroactive effect. Description: Cherokee Co., sheriff, authorized to charge a fee for fingerprinting certain persons, distrib. of fee, retroactive effect
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: DeKalb Co., real property filing and recording fee, distrib for mental health professional for CED Mental Health in co. and to sheriff's office for school resource officers, Sec. 45-25-250.17 am'd.. Description: DeKalb Co., real property filing and recording fee, distrib for mental health professional for CED Mental Health in co. and to sheriff's office for school resource officers, Sec. 45-25-250.17 am'd.
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Opelika, corp. limits alt.. Description: Opelika, corp. limits alt.
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Colbert Co., co. health dept., authorized fee for site evaluations for repair of existing system. Description: Colbert Co., co. health dept., authorized fee for site evaluations for repair of existing system
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Prattville, alcoholic beverages, authorize the sale of draft beer in growlers, Sec. 45-1A-40.01 am'd.. Description: Prattville, alcoholic beverages, authorize the sale of draft beer in growlers, Sec. 45-1A-40.01 am'd.
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Houston Co., probate judge shall collect a tag transaction fee, distrib. for emergency medical services, referendum. Description: Houston Co., probate judge shall collect a tag transaction fee, distrib. for emergency medical services, referendum
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Crenshaw Co., county commission authorized to levy ad valorem tax, distrib. to Crenshaw County Health Care Authority, const. amend.. Description: Crenshaw Co., county commission authorized to levy ad valorem tax, distrib. to Crenshaw County Health Care Authority, const. amend.
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Baldwin Co., Sheriff's Office Personnel Merit System, qualifications of members further provided, election process amended, process for appeal from decisions of the board further provided, Secs. 45-2-234.05 to 45-2-234.09, inclusive, am'd. Description: Baldwin Co., Sheriff's Office Personnel Merit System, qualifications of members further provided, election process amended, process for appeal from decisions of the board further provided, Secs. 45-2-234.05 to 45-2-234.09, inclusive, am'd
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Spanish Fort, corp. limits alt.. Description: Spanish Fort, corp. limits alt.
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Spanish Fort. corp. limits alt.. Description: Spanish Fort. corp. limits alt.
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Tuscaloosa Co., retirement system for police officers and firefighters, pension benefits, member contribution, Act 99-568, 1999 Reg. Sess., am'd.. Description: Tuscaloosa Co., retirement system for police officers and firefighters, pension benefits, member contribution, Act 99-568, 1999 Reg. Sess., am'd.
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Cosmetology and Barbering, Board of, sunset law review, subject to and continued until Oct. 1, 2024.. Description: Cosmetology and Barbering, Board of, sunset law review, subject to and continued until Oct. 1, 2024.
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Class 4 municipalities, mayor-council gov't, provisions for approval by Alcoholic Beverage Control Board of licenses revised, Act 98-342, 1998 Reg. Sess., am'd; Sec. 28-1-7 repealed. Description: Class 4 municipalities, mayor-council gov't, provisions for approval by Alcoholic Beverage Control Board of licenses revised, Act 98-342, 1998 Reg. Sess., am'd; Sec. 28-1-7 repealed
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Class 4 municipalities, personnel, employment further provided for, probationary period, Secs. 11-44B-43, 11-44B-44 am'd.. Description: Class 4 municipalities, personnel, employment further provided for, probationary period, Secs. 11-44B-43, 11-44B-44 am'd.
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Tuscaloosa Co., sales and use taxes, collection clarified, retroactive to Mar. 1, 2020, Act No. 56, 1953 Regular Session, as amended by Act No. 94-554, 1994 Regular Session, Act No. 96-554, 1996 Regular Session, and Act No. 2015-202, 2015 Regular Session, am'd.. Description: Tuscaloosa Co., sales and use taxes, collection clarified, retroactive to Mar. 1, 2020, Act No. 56, 1953 Regular Session, as amended by Act No. 94-554, 1994 Regular Session, Act No. 96-554, 1996 Regular Session, and Act No. 2015-202, 2015 Regular Session, am'd.
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Sumter Co., service of process fees, provided for. Description: Sumter Co., service of process fees, provided for
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Sumter Co., providing for an increased issuance fee for pistol permits, and to further provide for distribution of proceeds, Act 2464, 1971 Reg. Sess., am'd.. Description: Sumter Co., providing for an increased issuance fee for pistol permits, and to further provide for distribution of proceeds, Act 2464, 1971 Reg. Sess., am'd.
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Macon Co., co. commission authorized to levy add'l sales and use tax for ambulance service, Act 2019-337, 2019 Reg. Sess., am'd; Secs. 45-44-247.02, 45-44-247.08 am'd.. Description: Macon Co., co. commission authorized to levy add'l sales and use tax for ambulance service, Act 2019-337, 2019 Reg. Sess., am'd; Secs. 45-44-247.02, 45-44-247.08 am'd.
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Cullman Co., the Battleground School Historical Board estab., immunity for board members, property may be transferred to county board of education. Description: Cullman Co., the Battleground School Historical Board estab., immunity for board members, property may be transferred to county board of education
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Cullman Co., county commission, increase membership, two add'l associate commissioners, compensation, county unit system for roads, further provided for, Act 469, 1977 Reg. Sess., am'd; Sec. 45-22-71 am'd.. Description: Cullman Co., county commission, increase membership, two add'l associate commissioners, compensation, county unit system for roads, further provided for, Act 469, 1977 Reg. Sess., am'd; Sec. 45-22-71 am'd.
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Escambia Co., sheriff, qualifications, continuing education required. Description: Escambia Co., sheriff, qualifications, continuing education required
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Escambia Co., sheriff, authorize to conduct fund raising events, proceeds for operation of sheriffs office. Description: Escambia Co., sheriff, authorize to conduct fund raising events, proceeds for operation of sheriffs office
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Escambia Co., law enforcement, authorized to take an individual with mental illness into protective custody under certain conditions, protection from civil and criminal liabilities. Description: Escambia Co., law enforcement, authorized to take an individual with mental illness into protective custody under certain conditions, protection from civil and criminal liabilities
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Escambia Co., Industrial Development Authority, members, add non-voting ex officio member, Secs. 45-27-90, 45-27-246.02 am'd.. Description: Escambia Co., Industrial Development Authority, members, add non-voting ex officio member, Secs. 45-27-90, 45-27-246.02 am'd.
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Escambia Co., sheriff, booking fee in county jail, collection by clerk. Description: Escambia Co., sheriff, booking fee in county jail, collection by clerk
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Private Investigation Board, sunset law review, subject to and continued until Oct. 1, 2024.. Description: Private Investigation Board, sunset law review, subject to and continued until Oct. 1, 2024.
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Washington Co., co. commission, county roads and bridges, construction and maintenance under two co. depts., one dept. for unpaved roads, one dept. for paved roads and bridges, Act 2011-605, 2011 Reg. Sess., am'd.. Description: Washington Co., co. commission, county roads and bridges, construction and maintenance under two co. depts., one dept. for unpaved roads, one dept. for paved roads and bridges, Act 2011-605, 2011 Reg. Sess., am'd.
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Monroe Co., circuit and district court cases, add'l court costs, distrib.. Description: Monroe Co., circuit and district court cases, add'l court costs, distrib.
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Washington Co., establish service of process fee for sheriff, Washington County Sheriff's Law Enforcement Fund established. Description: Washington Co., establish service of process fee for sheriff, Washington County Sheriff's Law Enforcement Fund established
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Cullman County, Garden City may hold title to former Garden City school property and manage property, property transferred under certain conditions. Description: Cullman County, Garden City may hold title to former Garden City school property and manage property, property transferred under certain conditions
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Cullman Co., sales and use tax, levied by local act, distrib to muns. other than Cullman, future incorp. muns. excluded, Secs. 45-22-243.99, 45-22-243.10, 45-22-243.37 am'd.. Description: Cullman Co., sales and use tax, levied by local act, distrib to muns. other than Cullman, future incorp. muns. excluded, Secs. 45-22-243.99, 45-22-243.10, 45-22-243.37 am'd.
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Cullman Co., to provide for civil immunity for members of Joppa Historical Board, board may transfer property only under certain conditions, including referendum, Sec. 45-22-223 am'd.. Description: Cullman Co., to provide for civil immunity for members of Joppa Historical Board, board may transfer property only under certain conditions, including referendum, Sec. 45-22-223 am'd.
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Hayden, corp. limits alt.. Description: Hayden, corp. limits alt.
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Montgomery Co., ad valorem tax for Montg. School Tax District, levy at rate $1.85 on each $100 (18.5 mills) by co. commission, referendum of Montg. Co., not to include Pike Road. Description: Montgomery Co., ad valorem tax for Montg. School Tax District, levy at rate $1.85 on each $100 (18.5 mills) by co. commission, referendum of Montg. Co., not to include Pike Road
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Winfield, alcoholic beverages, draft beer authorized. Description: Winfield, alcoholic beverages, draft beer authorized
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Lamar Co., co. superintendent of education, to provide further for the compensation and expense allowance for, Sec. 45-38-101 am'd.. Description: Lamar Co., co. superintendent of education, to provide further for the compensation and expense allowance for, Sec. 45-38-101 am'd.
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Marion Co., lodging tax levied, distrib.. Description: Marion Co., lodging tax levied, distrib.
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Marion Co., county commission authorized to establish voting centers. Description: Marion Co., county commission authorized to establish voting centers
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Jackson Co., human sewage biosolids, application to land as fertilizer or soil amendment, prohibited, exception, const. amend.. Description: Jackson Co., human sewage biosolids, application to land as fertilizer or soil amendment, prohibited, exception, const. amend.
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Polygraph Examiners Board, sunset law review, subject to and continued until Oct. 1, 2021.. Description: Polygraph Examiners Board, sunset law review, subject to and continued until Oct. 1, 2021.
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Jefferson Co., judges, circuit or district, temporary assignment, prohibiting Chief Justice of the Supreme Court from assigning circuit or district judge to serve within another judicial circuit, Secs. 12-9A-7, 12-9A-8 am'd.. Description: Jefferson Co., judges, circuit or district, temporary assignment, prohibiting Chief Justice of the Supreme Court from assigning circuit or district judge to serve within another judicial circuit, Secs. 12-9A-7, 12-9A-8 am'd.
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Lee Co., ignition interlock device, other for of alcohol monitoring device auth. to be used in lieu of ignition interlock device if ordered by court. Description: Lee Co., ignition interlock device, other for of alcohol monitoring device auth. to be used in lieu of ignition interlock device if ordered by court
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Missing and endangered persons, to expand existing law to include missing and endangered persons suffering from a mental or physical disability who are at risk of bodily harm or death; Secs. 26-19A-1 to 26-19A-5, inclusive, am'd.. Description: Missing and endangered persons, to expand existing law to include missing and endangered persons suffering from a mental or physical disability who are at risk of bodily harm or death; Secs. 26-19A-1 to 26-19A-5, inclusive, am'd.
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Assisted Living Administrators, Board of Examiners of, sunset law review, subject to and continued until Oct. 1, 2024.. Description: Assisted Living Administrators, Board of Examiners of, sunset law review, subject to and continued until Oct. 1, 2024.
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Court Reporting, Board of, sunset law review, subject to and continued until Oct. 1, 2024.. Description: Court Reporting, Board of, sunset law review, subject to and continued until Oct. 1, 2024.
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Electronic Security Board of Licensure, sunset law review, subject to and continued until Oct. 1, 2024.. Description: Electronic Security Board of Licensure, sunset law review, subject to and continued until Oct. 1, 2024.
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Funeral Service, Board of, sunset law review, subject to and continued until Oct. 1, 2024.. Description: Funeral Service, Board of, sunset law review, subject to and continued until Oct. 1, 2024.
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Liquefied Petroleum Gas Board, sunset law review, subject to and continued until Oct. 1, 2024.. Description: Liquefied Petroleum Gas Board, sunset law review, subject to and continued until Oct. 1, 2024.
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Psychology, Board of Examiners in, sunset law review, subject to and continued until Oct. 1, 2024.. Description: Psychology, Board of Examiners in, sunset law review, subject to and continued until Oct. 1, 2024.
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Behavior Analyst Licensing Board, sunset law review, subject to and continued until Oct. 1, 2024.. Description: Behavior Analyst Licensing Board, sunset law review, subject to and continued until Oct. 1, 2024.
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: General Contractors, State Licensing Board for, sunset law review, subject to and continued until Oct. 1, 2023.. Description: General Contractors, State Licensing Board for, sunset law review, subject to and continued until Oct. 1, 2023.
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Insurance Department, sunset law review, subject to and continued until Oct. 1, 2024.. Description: Insurance Department, sunset law review, subject to and continued until Oct. 1, 2024.
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Onsite Wastewater Board, sunset law review, subject to and continued until Oct. 1, 2023.. Description: Onsite Wastewater Board, sunset law review, subject to and continued until Oct. 1, 2023.
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Public Accountancy, State Board of, sunset law review, subject to and continued until Oct. 1, 2024.. Description: Public Accountancy, State Board of, sunset law review, subject to and continued until Oct. 1, 2024.
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Securities Commission, sunset law review, subject to and continued until Oct. 1, 2024.. Description: Securities Commission, sunset law review, subject to and continued until Oct. 1, 2024.
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Real Estate Commission, sunset law review, subject to and continued until Oct. 1, 2021.. Description: Real Estate Commission, sunset law review, subject to and continued until Oct. 1, 2021.
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Social Work Examiners, Board of, sunset law review, subject to and continued until Oct. 1, 2024.. Description: Social Work Examiners, Board of, sunset law review, subject to and continued until Oct. 1, 2024.
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Auctioneers, State Board of, sunset law review, subject to and continued to Oct. 1, 2024.. Description: Auctioneers, State Board of, sunset law review, subject to and continued to Oct. 1, 2024.
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Electrical Contractors, Board of, sunset law review, subject to and continued until Oct. 1, 2024.. Description: Electrical Contractors, Board of, sunset law review, subject to and continued until Oct. 1, 2024.
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Real Estate Appraisers Board, sunset law review, subject to and continued until Oct. 1, 2024.. Description: Real Estate Appraisers Board, sunset law review, subject to and continued until Oct. 1, 2024.
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Respiratory Therapy, State Board of, sunset law review, subject to and continued until Oct. 1, 2024.. Description: Respiratory Therapy, State Board of, sunset law review, subject to and continued until Oct. 1, 2024.
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Plumbers and Gas Fitters Examining Board, sunset law review, subject to and continued until Oct. 1, 2024.. Description: Plumbers and Gas Fitters Examining Board, sunset law review, subject to and continued until Oct. 1, 2024.
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Public Service Commission, sunset law review, subject to and continued until Oct. 1, 2024.. Description: Public Service Commission, sunset law review, subject to and continued until Oct. 1, 2024.
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Alcoholic Beverage Control Board, sunset law review, subject to and continued until Oct. 1, 2024.. Description: Alcoholic Beverage Control Board, sunset law review, subject to and continued until Oct. 1, 2024.
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Athletic Commission, sunset law review, subject to and continued until Oct. 1, 2021.. Description: Athletic Commission, sunset law review, subject to and continued until Oct. 1, 2021.
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Counseling, Board of Examiners in, sunset law review, subject to and continued until Oct. 1, 2024.. Description: Counseling, Board of Examiners in, sunset law review, subject to and continued until Oct. 1, 2024.
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Heating, Air Conditioning, and Refrigeration Contractors, Board of, sunset law review, subject to and continued until October 1, 2024.. Description: Heating, Air Conditioning, and Refrigeration Contractors, Board of, sunset law review, subject to and continued until October 1, 2024.
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Statewide 911 Board, sunset law review, subject to and continued until October 1, 2024.. Description: Statewide 911 Board, sunset law review, subject to and continued until October 1, 2024.
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Crimes and offenses, criminal trespass, unauthorized entry of a critical infrastructure, further provided to include unmanned aircraft systems, Sec. 13A-7-4.3 am'd.. Description: Crimes and offenses, criminal trespass, unauthorized entry of a critical infrastructure, further provided to include unmanned aircraft systems, Sec. 13A-7-4.3 am'd.
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Entertainment districts, municipalities, governing body authorized to establish within its corporate limits, Sec. 28-3A-17.1 am'd.. Description: Entertainment districts, municipalities, governing body authorized to establish within its corporate limits, Sec. 28-3A-17.1 am'd.
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: State Board of Respiratory Therapy, add'l consumer member appointed by Governor, Sec. 34-27B-5 am'd.. Description: State Board of Respiratory Therapy, add'l consumer member appointed by Governor, Sec. 34-27B-5 am'd.
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: University of Montevallo, makeup of board of trustees revised to include at least one nonresident member appointed at-large, Sec. 16-54-2 am'd.. Description: University of Montevallo, makeup of board of trustees revised to include at least one nonresident member appointed at-large, Sec. 16-54-2 am'd.
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Higher education, public institutions, provides resident student status to minor children of military service members stationed in Ala., provides that resident student status is valid even if the parent is reassigned out of state, so long as the student maintains continuous enrollment at the institution, Sec. 16-64-2 am'd.. Description: Higher education, public institutions, provides resident student status to minor children of military service members stationed in Ala., provides that resident student status is valid even if the parent is reassigned out of state, so long as the student maintains continuous enrollment at the institution, Sec. 16-64-2 am'd.
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Municipal corporations, ordinances, issuance of summons and complaint in lieu of custodial arrest, further provided for, Sec. 11-45-9.1 am'd.. Description: Municipal corporations, ordinances, issuance of summons and complaint in lieu of custodial arrest, further provided for, Sec. 11-45-9.1 am'd.
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Economic Dev, property adjacent to U.S. Air Force Base, mun. or co. authorized to form authority for development, issuance of bonds, tax exemptions. Description: Economic Dev, property adjacent to U.S. Air Force Base, mun. or co. authorized to form authority for development, issuance of bonds, tax exemptions
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Insurance Dept., service contract law, expenses related to examination by Commissioner of Insurance, Vehicle Protection Products Act, fees deposited in Insurance Dept. Fund, expense related to exam by commissioner, Sec. 8-33-14 added.. Description: Insurance Dept., service contract law, expenses related to examination by Commissioner of Insurance, Vehicle Protection Products Act, fees deposited in Insurance Dept. Fund, expense related to exam by commissioner, Sec. 8-33-14 added.
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Psychology Interjurisdictional Compact, established to authorize licensed psychologists to practice on a limited basis among compact member states. Description: Psychology Interjurisdictional Compact, established to authorize licensed psychologists to practice on a limited basis among compact member states
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Motor vehicles, animals, crime to leave an animal in an unattended motor vehicle, immunity to a public safety official who rescues an animal under certain circumstances, Sec. 13A-11-241 am'd.. Description: Motor vehicles, animals, crime to leave an animal in an unattended motor vehicle, immunity to a public safety official who rescues an animal under certain circumstances, Sec. 13A-11-241 am'd.
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Medical Examiners, required to notify next of kin when retaining organ of deceased, prohibit medical examiner from retaining organ for use not in conjunction with autopsy. Description: Medical Examiners, required to notify next of kin when retaining organ of deceased, prohibit medical examiner from retaining organ for use not in conjunction with autopsy
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Sexual assault, provide for victim notification, provide for certain rights to victims, Sexual Assault Task Force, created, Sexual Assault Survivors Bill of Rights. Description: Sexual assault, provide for victim notification, provide for certain rights to victims, Sexual Assault Task Force, created, Sexual Assault Survivors Bill of Rights
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Motor vehicles, reduced speed school zones, to include schools in a municipality, Secs. 32-5A-181, 32-5A-182, 32-5A-183 am'd.. Description: Motor vehicles, reduced speed school zones, to include schools in a municipality, Secs. 32-5A-181, 32-5A-182, 32-5A-183 am'd.
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Storage facilities, self-service, Self-Service Storage Facilities Act, created, definitions, operator's liens, authorized, Secs. 8-15-40 to 8-15-49, inclusive, added; Secs. 8-15-30 to 8-15-38, inclusive, repealed. Description: Storage facilities, self-service, Self-Service Storage Facilities Act, created, definitions, operator's liens, authorized, Secs. 8-15-40 to 8-15-49, inclusive, added; Secs. 8-15-30 to 8-15-38, inclusive, repealed
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Teachers, St. Board of Education, authorized to issue alternative teaching certificates to qualified former members of Armed Forces, Sec. 16-23-3 am'd.. Description: Teachers, St. Board of Education, authorized to issue alternative teaching certificates to qualified former members of Armed Forces, Sec. 16-23-3 am'd.
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Athletic Trainers, Board of, treatment of physically active individual provided, relationship between trainer and supervising or referring physician provided, Jt. Committee of St. Board of Medical Examiners and Board of Athletic Trainers created, Sec. 34-40-3.2 added; Secs. 34-40-2, 34-40-3, 34-40-5, 34-40-6, 34-40-9, 34-40-10, 34-40-15, 34-40-16 am'd.. Description: Athletic Trainers, Board of, treatment of physically active individual provided, relationship between trainer and supervising or referring physician provided, Jt. Committee of St. Board of Medical Examiners and Board of Athletic Trainers created, Sec. 34-40-3.2 added; Secs. 34-40-2, 34-40-3, 34-40-5, 34-40-6, 34-40-9, 34-40-10, 34-40-15, 34-40-16 am'd.
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Private investigation, licensure of private investigator apprentices established, licensure of private investigation agencies required, Secs. 34-25B-12.1, 34-25B-40 to 34-25B-45, inclusive, added; Secs. 34-25B-2, 34-25B-3,34-25B-10, 34-25B-12, 34-25B-14,34-25B-17, 34-25B-22, 34-25B-26 am'd.. Description: Private investigation, licensure of private investigator apprentices established, licensure of private investigation agencies required, Secs. 34-25B-12.1, 34-25B-40 to 34-25B-45, inclusive, added; Secs. 34-25B-2, 34-25B-3,34-25B-10, 34-25B-12, 34-25B-14,34-25B-17, 34-25B-22, 34-25B-26 am'd.
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Elmore Co., motor vehicle licensing division, transferred from judge of probate to revenue commissioner, salary of judge of probate and revenue commissioner further provided for, Secs. 45-26-81.40 to 45-26-81.46, inclusive, 45-26-242.20 to 45-26-242.26, inclusive, am'd and renumbered. Description: Elmore Co., motor vehicle licensing division, transferred from judge of probate to revenue commissioner, salary of judge of probate and revenue commissioner further provided for, Secs. 45-26-81.40 to 45-26-81.46, inclusive, 45-26-242.20 to 45-26-242.26, inclusive, am'd and renumbered
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Military installations, land use planning, counties and municipalities to give notice re tall structures and wind energy facilities, Sec. 11-106-6 added; Secs. 11-106-3, 11-106-4 am'd.. Description: Military installations, land use planning, counties and municipalities to give notice re tall structures and wind energy facilities, Sec. 11-106-6 added; Secs. 11-106-3, 11-106-4 am'd.
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Taxation, Most Worshipful Prince Hall Grand Lodge Free and Accepted Masons of Alabama and the Most Worshipful Grand Lodge F, and A.M. of Alabama, exempt from sales, county and municipal fees and taxes. Description: Taxation, Most Worshipful Prince Hall Grand Lodge Free and Accepted Masons of Alabama and the Most Worshipful Grand Lodge F, and A.M. of Alabama, exempt from sales, county and municipal fees and taxes
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Nursing, Board of, by rule, authorized to establish standards for student nurse apprenticeships and to issue apprentice permits, Sec. 34-12-2 am'd.. Description: Nursing, Board of, by rule, authorized to establish standards for student nurse apprenticeships and to issue apprentice permits, Sec. 34-12-2 am'd.
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Military families, requires school districts operating magnet schools to accept enrollment applications for military children where families have received transfer orders to Alabama military installations. Description: Military families, requires school districts operating magnet schools to accept enrollment applications for military children where families have received transfer orders to Alabama military installations
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: School Choice and Student Opportunity Act, formation of charter schools on or near military installation, with focus on serving military dependents, authorized, tenure for certificated teachers temporarily serving in charter school preserved, Sec. 16-6F-12 added; Sec. 16-6F-5 am'd.. Description: School Choice and Student Opportunity Act, formation of charter schools on or near military installation, with focus on serving military dependents, authorized, tenure for certificated teachers temporarily serving in charter school preserved, Sec. 16-6F-12 added; Sec. 16-6F-5 am'd.
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Crimes and offenses, drug test, synthetic urine and urine additions to falsify prohibited. Description: Crimes and offenses, drug test, synthetic urine and urine additions to falsify prohibited
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Emergencies or disasters, declared by President or Governor, Dept. of Rev. Commissioner authorized to waive International Fuel Tax Agreement and International Registration Plan relating to motor vehicles, Sec. 40-2-11 am'd.. Description: Emergencies or disasters, declared by President or Governor, Dept. of Rev. Commissioner authorized to waive International Fuel Tax Agreement and International Registration Plan relating to motor vehicles, Sec. 40-2-11 am'd.
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Health, autism spectrum disorder card, further provided, include other disabilities, Sec. 22-1-15 am'd.. Description: Health, autism spectrum disorder card, further provided, include other disabilities, Sec. 22-1-15 am'd.
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Nurses, certified registered nurse practioner and nurse midwife, collaboration agreements, ratio of physician to nurses, delete patient auth. to select provided, Sec. 34-21-87 am'd.. Description: Nurses, certified registered nurse practioner and nurse midwife, collaboration agreements, ratio of physician to nurses, delete patient auth. to select provided, Sec. 34-21-87 am'd.
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Tuscaloosa Co., sales and use tax, city prohibited from levying add'l without vote, const. amend.. Description: Tuscaloosa Co., sales and use tax, city prohibited from levying add'l without vote, const. amend.
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Community College System, tenure and discipline of faculty and staff hired on or after June 1, 2020, pursuant to policy adopted by Board of Trustees of Alabama Community College System in lieu of Students First Act of 2011, Secs. 16-60-111.4, 16-60-111.7 am'd.. Description: Community College System, tenure and discipline of faculty and staff hired on or after June 1, 2020, pursuant to policy adopted by Board of Trustees of Alabama Community College System in lieu of Students First Act of 2011, Secs. 16-60-111.4, 16-60-111.7 am'd.
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: General Fund Budget Reserve Fund, transfer of monies to the fund, withdrawal and use of amounts deposited into the fund provided for. Description: General Fund Budget Reserve Fund, transfer of monies to the fund, withdrawal and use of amounts deposited into the fund provided for
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Community development districts, add'l type provided for, including resort areas, marinas, and restaurants meeting certain conditions, Secs. 35-8B-1, 35-8B-2, 35-8B-3 am'd.. Description: Community development districts, add'l type provided for, including resort areas, marinas, and restaurants meeting certain conditions, Secs. 35-8B-1, 35-8B-2, 35-8B-3 am'd.
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Consumer Protection, Alabama State of Emergency Consumer Protection Act, enhanced criminal penalties provided under certain conditions, Secs. 13A-9-114, 34-8-6, 34-14A-14, 34-31-32, 34-36-16, 34-37-17 am'd.. Description: Consumer Protection, Alabama State of Emergency Consumer Protection Act, enhanced criminal penalties provided under certain conditions, Secs. 13A-9-114, 34-8-6, 34-14A-14, 34-31-32, 34-36-16, 34-37-17 am'd.
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Disaster Recovery Program, Statewide Emergency Notification System, created, Sec. 31-9-87 added; Secs. 31-9-80, 31-9-81 am'd.. Description: Disaster Recovery Program, Statewide Emergency Notification System, created, Sec. 31-9-87 added; Secs. 31-9-80, 31-9-81 am'd.
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Elmore Co., lodging tax, co. commission authorized to levy, distrib.. Description: Elmore Co., lodging tax, co. commission authorized to levy, distrib.
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Local Boards of Education, military dependents deemed Alabama residents for purposes of virtual education when member of US Armed Forces ordered to relocate to state, Sec. 16-46A-1 am'd.. Description: Local Boards of Education, military dependents deemed Alabama residents for purposes of virtual education when member of US Armed Forces ordered to relocate to state, Sec. 16-46A-1 am'd.
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: House of Representatives, Special Order Calendar. Description: House of Representatives, Special Order Calendar
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Medical care, minors, requires doctors to obtain consent of parent or legal guardian of minor prior to entering "do not attempt resuscitation order" order, Sec. 22-8A-18 added; Sec. 22-8A-7 am'd.. Description: Medical care, minors, requires doctors to obtain consent of parent or legal guardian of minor prior to entering "do not attempt resuscitation order" order, Sec. 22-8A-18 added; Sec. 22-8A-7 am'd.
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Employees' Retirement System Board of Control, membership revised, diversity language included, terms of service further provided for, Sec. 36-27-23 am'd.. Description: Employees' Retirement System Board of Control, membership revised, diversity language included, terms of service further provided for, Sec. 36-27-23 am'd.
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: General Fund budget, appropriations for other functions of government, debt service, and capital outlay for fiscal year ending September 30, 2021.. Description: General Fund budget, appropriations for other functions of government, debt service, and capital outlay for fiscal year ending September 30, 2021.
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Children First Trust Fund, appropriations from for fiscal year ending September 30, 2021, use of allocation pursuant to Section 41-15B-2.2 and this act, tobacco settlement revenues deposited in fund within 30 days of receipt, Finance Director to notify each agency of allocation, appropriations conditional on tobacco revenues, appropriation of additional tobacco settlement funds, audit, Children's Affairs Department to report to Legislature and Children's Policy Council, appropriations from General Fund to various entities. Description: Children First Trust Fund, appropriations from for fiscal year ending September 30, 2021, use of allocation pursuant to Section 41-15B-2.2 and this act, tobacco settlement revenues deposited in fund within 30 days of receipt, Finance Director to notify each agency of allocation, appropriations conditional on tobacco revenues, appropriation of additional tobacco settlement funds, audit, Children's Affairs Department to report to Legislature and Children's Policy Council, appropriations from General Fund to various entities
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Coalition Against Domestic Violence, appropriation, operations plan and audited financial statement required, quarterly and end-of-year reports required. Description: Coalition Against Domestic Violence, appropriation, operations plan and audited financial statement required, quarterly and end-of-year reports required
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: State agencies, supp. approp.. Description: State agencies, supp. approp.
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Armory Commission, membership increased from nine to 15 members, Sec. 31-4-1 am'd.. Description: Armory Commission, membership increased from nine to 15 members, Sec. 31-4-1 am'd.
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Madison Co., Twenty-third Judicial Circuit, additional circuit judge, compensation and benefits, election. Description: Madison Co., Twenty-third Judicial Circuit, additional circuit judge, compensation and benefits, election
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Medical Cannabis, program established to allow use of for certain conditions, defense against prosecution for marijuana possession established, Secs. 20-2A-1 to 20-2A-11, incl., 20-2A-20 to 20-2A-23, incl., 20-2A-30 to 20-2A-36, incl., 20-2A-50 to 20-2A-68, incl., added; Sec. 13A-7-2 am'd.. Description: Medical Cannabis, program established to allow use of for certain conditions, defense against prosecution for marijuana possession established, Secs. 20-2A-1 to 20-2A-11, incl., 20-2A-20 to 20-2A-23, incl., 20-2A-30 to 20-2A-36, incl., 20-2A-50 to 20-2A-68, incl., added; Sec. 13A-7-2 am'd.
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Elder abuse, require redaction of contract information from court documents released to the public, to clarify that an elderly person of sound mind or body may hire legal counsel for representation, Sec. 38-9F-6 am'd.. Description: Elder abuse, require redaction of contract information from court documents released to the public, to clarify that an elderly person of sound mind or body may hire legal counsel for representation, Sec. 38-9F-6 am'd.
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Wireless telecommunications, installation and deployment of small wireless facilities and associated poles, towers, and base stations on the public rights-of-way, authorized. Description: Wireless telecommunications, installation and deployment of small wireless facilities and associated poles, towers, and base stations on the public rights-of-way, authorized
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Competitive bidding, awarding authority allowed to negotiate lowest bidder when all bids exceed available funding, Sec. 39-2-6 am'd.. Description: Competitive bidding, awarding authority allowed to negotiate lowest bidder when all bids exceed available funding, Sec. 39-2-6 am'd.
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: State government, Office of Chief Procurement Officer, established, Division of Purchasing within the Dept. of Finance, eliminated, Secs. 41-4-110 to 41-4-161, inclusive, repealed; Secs. 41-4-110A to 41-4-116A, incl., 41-4-120A to 41-4-151A, incl., 41-4-155A, 41-4-160A to 41-4-168A, incl., 41-4-170 to 41-4-178A, incl., added; Sec. 41-4-66 am'd.. Description: State government, Office of Chief Procurement Officer, established, Division of Purchasing within the Dept. of Finance, eliminated, Secs. 41-4-110 to 41-4-161, inclusive, repealed; Secs. 41-4-110A to 41-4-116A, incl., 41-4-120A to 41-4-151A, incl., 41-4-155A, 41-4-160A to 41-4-168A, incl., 41-4-170 to 41-4-178A, incl., added; Sec. 41-4-66 am'd.
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Counties, refunding bonds previously issued, ratified under certain conditions, authorized to further refund, Sec. 11-81-93 am'd.. Description: Counties, refunding bonds previously issued, ratified under certain conditions, authorized to further refund, Sec. 11-81-93 am'd.
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: School discipline, hearing required for student expulsion or long-term suspension, expulsion and suspension prohibited in certain circumstances, Sec. 16-1-14 am'd.. Description: School discipline, hearing required for student expulsion or long-term suspension, expulsion and suspension prohibited in certain circumstances, Sec. 16-1-14 am'd.
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Agricultural lime, required to be labeled with relative neutralizing value as defined, Secs. 2-23-2, 2-23-4 am'd.. Description: Agricultural lime, required to be labeled with relative neutralizing value as defined, Secs. 2-23-2, 2-23-4 am'd.
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: St. Clair Co., Davis Lake Volunteer Fire Dept, estab. levy fire protection service fees, operation of district, further provided for, Act 2017-265, 2017 Reg. Sess., am'd.. Description: St. Clair Co., Davis Lake Volunteer Fire Dept, estab. levy fire protection service fees, operation of district, further provided for, Act 2017-265, 2017 Reg. Sess., am'd.
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Jackson Co., law library, co. commission to maintain, add'l court costs to fund, presiding circuit judge to admin.. Description: Jackson Co., law library, co. commission to maintain, add'l court costs to fund, presiding circuit judge to admin.
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Vulnerable Child Compassion and Protection Act, prohibits gender change therapy for minors, prohibits withholding of certain related information from parents. Description: Vulnerable Child Compassion and Protection Act, prohibits gender change therapy for minors, prohibits withholding of certain related information from parents
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Public School and College Authority, one billion dollars in bonds authorized to be issued for capital improvement for public schools, community colleges, and other colleges, specified allocation, cert. tax revenue pledged including utility and sales and use taxes, Investing in Alabama's Future Act. Description: Public School and College Authority, one billion dollars in bonds authorized to be issued for capital improvement for public schools, community colleges, and other colleges, specified allocation, cert. tax revenue pledged including utility and sales and use taxes, Investing in Alabama's Future Act
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Baldwin Co., planning and zoning districts, boards of adjustment, co. commission to appt. two bds., jurisdiction of each bd., alternate members, Sec. 45-2-216.10 am'd.. Description: Baldwin Co., planning and zoning districts, boards of adjustment, co. commission to appt. two bds., jurisdiction of each bd., alternate members, Sec. 45-2-216.10 am'd.
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Alexander City, corp. limits alt.. Description: Alexander City, corp. limits alt.
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Jackson Co., courts, additional court costs, proceeds to the Jackson County Judicial Employees Fund, to provide funding for employees, Act 2019-215, 2019 Reg. Sess., am'd.. Description: Jackson Co., courts, additional court costs, proceeds to the Jackson County Judicial Employees Fund, to provide funding for employees, Act 2019-215, 2019 Reg. Sess., am'd.
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Marengo Co., judge of probate authorized to exercise equity jurisdiction under certain conditions, const. amend.. Description: Marengo Co., judge of probate authorized to exercise equity jurisdiction under certain conditions, const. amend.
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Marshall Co., Coroner office, co commission authorized to appropriate and expend funds for the operation of. Description: Marshall Co., Coroner office, co commission authorized to appropriate and expend funds for the operation of
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Tallapoosa Co., Willow Point Estates, platted subdivisions, local laws authorized to establish road maint. districts, referendums, assessments for road maint, const. amend.. Description: Tallapoosa Co., Willow Point Estates, platted subdivisions, local laws authorized to establish road maint. districts, referendums, assessments for road maint, const. amend.
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Elmore Co., sheriff, authorized to sell firearms to gun dealers with active business license for one year, Act 2007-325, 2007 Reg Sess., am'd, Sec. 45-26-231.02 am'd.. Description: Elmore Co., sheriff, authorized to sell firearms to gun dealers with active business license for one year, Act 2007-325, 2007 Reg Sess., am'd, Sec. 45-26-231.02 am'd.
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Aliceville, corp. limits alt.. Description: Aliceville, corp. limits alt.
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Morgan Co., economic development, distrib. of certain payments made in lieu of taxes by the Tennessee Valley Authority, provided further the jurisdiction of the Morgan Co. Industrial Park and Economic Development Cooperative District, Act 2007-339, 2007 Reg. Sess., am'd.. Description: Morgan Co., economic development, distrib. of certain payments made in lieu of taxes by the Tennessee Valley Authority, provided further the jurisdiction of the Morgan Co. Industrial Park and Economic Development Cooperative District, Act 2007-339, 2007 Reg. Sess., am'd.
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Etowah Co., constable, office abolished. Description: Etowah Co., constable, office abolished
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Opelika, corp. limits alt.. Description: Opelika, corp. limits alt.
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Montgomery Co., Montgomery Co. Legislative Delegation, procedures for the duties and responsibilities established, quorum requirements. Description: Montgomery Co., Montgomery Co. Legislative Delegation, procedures for the duties and responsibilities established, quorum requirements
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Brilliant, corp. limits alt.. Description: Brilliant, corp. limits alt.
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Clay Co., Ashland, sale of draft or keg beer, auth.. Description: Clay Co., Ashland, sale of draft or keg beer, auth.
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Lee Co., sheriff, qualifications, continuing education required. Description: Lee Co., sheriff, qualifications, continuing education required
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Walker Co., sheriff and county revenue commissioner authorized to participate in Employees' Retirement System in lieu of supernumerary program, const. amend.. Description: Walker Co., sheriff and county revenue commissioner authorized to participate in Employees' Retirement System in lieu of supernumerary program, const. amend.
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Russell Co., revenue commissioner, exp. allow. and comp.. Description: Russell Co., revenue commissioner, exp. allow. and comp.
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Russell Co., judge of probate, salary supp, expirations. Description: Russell Co., judge of probate, salary supp, expirations
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Dallas Co., judge of probate, add'l expense allowance and salary. Description: Dallas Co., judge of probate, add'l expense allowance and salary
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Carns, Judy Maddox, death mourned. Description: Carns, Judy Maddox, death mourned
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Watson, Joshua Kaleb, death mourned. Description: Watson, Joshua Kaleb, death mourned
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Harrelson, Herbert Arnold, death mourned. Description: Harrelson, Herbert Arnold, death mourned
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: GFWC Legacy, commended. Description: GFWC Legacy, commended
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Wyckoff, Harry Lee, Jr., death mourned. Description: Wyckoff, Harry Lee, Jr., death mourned
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Anderson, John Paul, death mourned. Description: Anderson, John Paul, death mourned
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Commemoration of the anniversary of "Bloody Sunday" and the Selma-To-Montgomery March, recognized. Description: Commemoration of the anniversary of "Bloody Sunday" and the Selma-To-Montgomery March, recognized
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Permanency for children in foster care, encouraged. Description: Permanency for children in foster care, encouraged
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: House of Representatives, Senate notified that House is in session and ready to transact business. Description: House of Representatives, Senate notified that House is in session and ready to transact business
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Harris, Elmer B., death mourned. Description: Harris, Elmer B., death mourned
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Ireland, Dennis L., death mourned. Description: Ireland, Dennis L., death mourned
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Go Red for Women Day, recognized. Description: Go Red for Women Day, recognized
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Collins, Thomas Pryor, death mourned. Description: Collins, Thomas Pryor, death mourned
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Daphne High School's Trojans Jubilee Girls Dance Team, commended. Description: Daphne High School's Trojans Jubilee Girls Dance Team, commended
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Neal, Glen, commended. Description: Neal, Glen, commended
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: House of Representatives, official seal, adoption of new official seal including digital format. Description: House of Representatives, official seal, adoption of new official seal including digital format
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: James, William, commended. Description: James, William, commended
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Turner, Goeffrey Dylan, death mourned. Description: Turner, Goeffrey Dylan, death mourned
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Rogers, Chris, commended. Description: Rogers, Chris, commended
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Oakes, Michael, commended. Description: Oakes, Michael, commended
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Doty, William, commended. Description: Doty, William, commended
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Wood, Lindsey, commended. Description: Wood, Lindsey, commended
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Small, Frederick L., commended. Description: Small, Frederick L., commended
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Sparkman High School Varsity Cheerleaders, commended. Description: Sparkman High School Varsity Cheerleaders, commended
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: First responders of Scottsboro and Jackson County, commended. Description: First responders of Scottsboro and Jackson County, commended
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Gardner, Ruble Ray, commended. Description: Gardner, Ruble Ray, commended
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Gynecologic Cancer Awareness Day, recognized. Description: Gynecologic Cancer Awareness Day, recognized
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Key, Junior, death mourned. Description: Key, Junior, death mourned
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: New Hope No. 1 Church in Thomasville, commended. Description: New Hope No. 1 Church in Thomasville, commended
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: West, James E., commended. Description: West, James E., commended
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Lawrence, Victor B., commended. Description: Lawrence, Victor B., commended
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Taylor, Jon M., commended. Description: Taylor, Jon M., commended
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Necklaus, Gene, commended. Description: Necklaus, Gene, commended
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Richardson, Derrick Lamar, death mourned. Description: Richardson, Derrick Lamar, death mourned
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Griffies, Sophie, commended. Description: Griffies, Sophie, commended
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Wright, Terry, commended. Description: Wright, Terry, commended
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Meek High School Band, commended. Description: Meek High School Band, commended
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: House of Representatives, Special Order Calendar. Description: House of Representatives, Special Order Calendar
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Gagliardo, Michael R., commended. Description: Gagliardo, Michael R., commended
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Cystinuria Awareness Day, June 24, 2020, recognized. Description: Cystinuria Awareness Day, June 24, 2020, recognized
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Collinsville High School Girls Basketball Team, commended. Description: Collinsville High School Girls Basketball Team, commended
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Gordon, John Ray, commended. Description: Gordon, John Ray, commended
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Marshall, Willie Frank, death mourned. Description: Marshall, Willie Frank, death mourned
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: International Women of Courage, 2020 recipients, commended. Description: International Women of Courage, 2020 recipients, commended
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Davis, Jeffery L., commended. Description: Davis, Jeffery L., commended
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: House of Representatives, Special Order Calendar. Description: House of Representatives, Special Order Calendar
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Yom HaShoah Commemoration, recognized. Description: Yom HaShoah Commemoration, recognized
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Owens, Talmadge Stevens, death mourned. Description: Owens, Talmadge Stevens, death mourned
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Mancarella, Jennica Kimberly McMillan, death mourned. Description: Mancarella, Jennica Kimberly McMillan, death mourned
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: House of Representatives, Special Order Calendar. Description: House of Representatives, Special Order Calendar
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Moore, Robert L., commended. Description: Moore, Robert L., commended
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Negro League Baseball, commended. Description: Negro League Baseball, commended
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Youse, Beverly, commended. Description: Youse, Beverly, commended
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Franklin, Harold A., commended. Description: Franklin, Harold A., commended
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Anderson, Mable Bell, death mourned. Description: Anderson, Mable Bell, death mourned
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Rafferty, Dr. and Mrs. Mark, commended. Description: Rafferty, Dr. and Mrs. Mark, commended
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Ridgecrest Christian School robotics team, commended. Description: Ridgecrest Christian School robotics team, commended
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Arab High School's wrestling team, commended. Description: Arab High School's wrestling team, commended
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: House of Representatives, Special Order Calendar. Description: House of Representatives, Special Order Calendar
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Pickens County High School Boys Basketball Team, commended. Description: Pickens County High School Boys Basketball Team, commended
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, Incorporated, 21st observance of AKA Day at the Capitol, recognized. Description: Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, Incorporated, 21st observance of AKA Day at the Capitol, recognized
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Cowling, Alta Faye Hankins, death mourned. Description: Cowling, Alta Faye Hankins, death mourned
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Fillmer, Larry, commended. Description: Fillmer, Larry, commended
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Little, Bertha Summerville, death mourned. Description: Little, Bertha Summerville, death mourned
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Cooper, Carl, 100th birthday, commended. Description: Cooper, Carl, 100th birthday, commended
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Adkins, Bennie G., death mourned. Description: Adkins, Bennie G., death mourned
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Law Institute interns, for the House of Representatives, commended. Description: Law Institute interns, for the House of Representatives, commended
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: House of Representatives, Special Order Calendar. Description: House of Representatives, Special Order Calendar
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: House of Representatives, Special Order Calendar. Description: House of Representatives, Special Order Calendar
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Roth, Daniel Joseph, commended. Description: Roth, Daniel Joseph, commended
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Neal, Marvin, commended. Description: Neal, Marvin, commended
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Knight, Bobbie, commended. Description: Knight, Bobbie, commended
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Rogers, William Howell, Sr., death mourned. Description: Rogers, William Howell, Sr., death mourned
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Shoemaker, Billy, death mourned. Description: Shoemaker, Billy, death mourned
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: House of Representatives, Special Order Calendar. Description: House of Representatives, Special Order Calendar
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Alabama Associated General Contractors, commended. Description: Alabama Associated General Contractors, commended
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Senate, House of Representatives notified that Senate is in session and ready to transact business. Description: Senate, House of Representatives notified that Senate is in session and ready to transact business
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Waggoner, Senator Jabo, commended. Description: Waggoner, Senator Jabo, commended
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Commission to study feasibility of midwifery program at Wallace State Community College, created. Description: Commission to study feasibility of midwifery program at Wallace State Community College, created
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Anderson, Mable Bell, death mourned. Description: Anderson, Mable Bell, death mourned
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Housing, rural Ala., USDA rural development housing units, Congress urged to fund add'l rental assistance due to coronavirus. Description: Housing, rural Ala., USDA rural development housing units, Congress urged to fund add'l rental assistance due to coronavirus
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: No excuse absentee voting, Legislature urged to adopt. Description: No excuse absentee voting, Legislature urged to adopt
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Governor, committee appointed to notify that Legislature is in session and ready for the transaction of business. Description: Governor, committee appointed to notify that Legislature is in session and ready for the transaction of business
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Legislature, committee appointed to escort Governor to joint session. Description: Legislature, committee appointed to escort Governor to joint session
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: North Fork Creek Memorial Bridge, on U.S. Highway 43, named. Description: North Fork Creek Memorial Bridge, on U.S. Highway 43, named
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Raby, Larry Lewis, commended. Description: Raby, Larry Lewis, commended
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: GFWC Legacy, commended. Description: GFWC Legacy, commended
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Howard, Trent, commended. Description: Howard, Trent, commended
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Dorrill, John H., Jr., death mourned. Description: Dorrill, John H., Jr., death mourned
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Resolution, Local Constitutional Amendment application, Calhoun Co., election to authorize operation of bingo games for prizes or money. Description: Resolution, Local Constitutional Amendment application, Calhoun Co., election to authorize operation of bingo games for prizes or money
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Health, Patient Transport to Health Care, Study Commission on, estab.. Description: Health, Patient Transport to Health Care, Study Commission on, estab.
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Collins, Thomas Pryor, death mourned. Description: Collins, Thomas Pryor, death mourned
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Dorrill, John H., Jr., death mourned. Description: Dorrill, John H., Jr., death mourned
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Firefighter Brenden Alexander Pierce Highway, portion of Highway 75 in Allgood, named. Description: Firefighter Brenden Alexander Pierce Highway, portion of Highway 75 in Allgood, named
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Coach Duane Webster Highway, portion of Highway 120 in Tallapoosa Co., named. Description: Coach Duane Webster Highway, portion of Highway 120 in Tallapoosa Co., named
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Administrative Regulation Review, Joint Committee on, Conservation and Natural Resources' proposed amendment to Rule 220-2-.112, entitled "Dog Deer Hunting," disapproval sustained. Description: Administrative Regulation Review, Joint Committee on, Conservation and Natural Resources' proposed amendment to Rule 220-2-.112, entitled "Dog Deer Hunting," disapproval sustained
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: SSGT Forrest B. Sibley Memorial Highway, Highway 231 Bridge over L and N Railroad in Blount Co., named. Description: SSGT Forrest B. Sibley Memorial Highway, Highway 231 Bridge over L and N Railroad in Blount Co., named
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Creole Steam Fire Company No. 1, commended. Description: Creole Steam Fire Company No. 1, commended
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Marshall James Walton Memorial Bridge, at the 158 extension over the Seabury Creek in Mobile County, named. Description: Marshall James Walton Memorial Bridge, at the 158 extension over the Seabury Creek in Mobile County, named
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Joint Interim Committee on State House Conditions, created. Description: Joint Interim Committee on State House Conditions, created
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Sergeant Wytasha L. Carter Memorial Highway, Tallapoosa Interchange in Jefferson County, named, Act 2019-84, 2019 Reg. Sess., am'd.. Description: Sergeant Wytasha L. Carter Memorial Highway, Tallapoosa Interchange in Jefferson County, named, Act 2019-84, 2019 Reg. Sess., am'd.
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Harris, Jerome V., commended. Description: Harris, Jerome V., commended
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Lucius D. Amerson Memorial Highway, U.S. Highway 29, in Tuskegee, named. Description: Lucius D. Amerson Memorial Highway, U.S. Highway 29, in Tuskegee, named
In 2020, Alabama enrolled a bill titled: Legislature, joint session called to recognize Tuskegee Airmen Day. Description: Legislature, joint session called to recognize Tuskegee Airmen Day
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Volunteer Fire Department and Community Medical Responders, Joint Legislative Study Committee on, created. Description: Volunteer Fire Department and Community Medical Responders, Joint Legislative Study Committee on, created
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Clouse, Ruth Kathryne Price, death mourned. Description: Clouse, Ruth Kathryne Price, death mourned
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Opp High School Cheerleading Team, commended. Description: Opp High School Cheerleading Team, commended
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Officer Nick O'Rear Memorial Highway, portion of Interstate 65 in Jefferson Co., named. Description: Officer Nick O'Rear Memorial Highway, portion of Interstate 65 in Jefferson Co., named
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Jefferson County Federal Infra Grant Application, supported. Description: Jefferson County Federal Infra Grant Application, supported
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Crisis Diversion Centers, established, to provide behavioral health crisis services. Description: Crisis Diversion Centers, established, to provide behavioral health crisis services
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Stepping up Initiative, supported. Description: Stepping up Initiative, supported
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: World Spa Day, February 25, 2020, commended. Description: World Spa Day, February 25, 2020, commended
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Private Robert A. Mooney Highway, portion of Highway 22 in Coosa Co., named. Description: Private Robert A. Mooney Highway, portion of Highway 22 in Coosa Co., named
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Long, John M., death mourned. Description: Long, John M., death mourned
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Great Alabama race winners, commended. Description: Great Alabama race winners, commended
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Alabama-Tombigbee Rivers Regional Planning Commission, commended. Description: Alabama-Tombigbee Rivers Regional Planning Commission, commended
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Davis, Jeffery L., commended. Description: Davis, Jeffery L., commended
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Law enforcement officers, Legislative Medal of Honor, joint session for presentation. Description: Law enforcement officers, Legislative Medal of Honor, joint session for presentation
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Legislature, joint session called to recognize Yom Hashoah. Description: Legislature, joint session called to recognize Yom Hashoah
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Yom HaShoah Commemoration, recognized. Description: Yom HaShoah Commemoration, recognized
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Mancarella, Jennica Kimberly McMillan, death mourned. Description: Mancarella, Jennica Kimberly McMillan, death mourned
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Women's Suffrage, 100th anniversary, commended. Description: Women's Suffrage, 100th anniversary, commended
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Governor, committee appointed to notify that Legislature is in session and ready for the transaction of business. Description: Governor, committee appointed to notify that Legislature is in session and ready for the transaction of business
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Legislature, committee appointed to escort Governor to joint session. Description: Legislature, committee appointed to escort Governor to joint session
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Moody, C.W., death mourned. Description: Moody, C.W., death mourned
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Carns, Judy Maddox, death mourned. Description: Carns, Judy Maddox, death mourned
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Pornography, public health crisis, recognized. Description: Pornography, public health crisis, recognized
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Harris, Elmer B., death mourned. Description: Harris, Elmer B., death mourned
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: McCollum, Hardy, outstanding service, commended. Description: McCollum, Hardy, outstanding service, commended
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Birmingham Irish Cultural Society, commended. Description: Birmingham Irish Cultural Society, commended
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Colonel Ola Lee Mize Bridge, on Highway 205 in Albertville, named. Description: Colonel Ola Lee Mize Bridge, on Highway 205 in Albertville, named
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Warren Harris Beck Memorial Highway, portion of Highway 27 in Geneva, named. Description: Warren Harris Beck Memorial Highway, portion of Highway 27 in Geneva, named
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Administrative Regulation Review, Joint Committee on, Conservation and Natural Resources' proposed amendment to Rule 220-2-.112, entitled "Dog Deer Hunting," disapproval sustained. Description: Administrative Regulation Review, Joint Committee on, Conservation and Natural Resources' proposed amendment to Rule 220-2-.112, entitled "Dog Deer Hunting," disapproval sustained
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: First responders of Scottsboro and Jackson County, commended. Description: First responders of Scottsboro and Jackson County, commended
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Alabama Associated General Contractors, commended. Description: Alabama Associated General Contractors, commended
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Clemons, Adam B., commended. Description: Clemons, Adam B., commended
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Amyloidosis Awareness Month, March 2020, recognized. Description: Amyloidosis Awareness Month, March 2020, recognized
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Alabama Grocers Association, commended. Description: Alabama Grocers Association, commended
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Exports, Alabama's record for 2019, commended. Description: Exports, Alabama's record for 2019, commended
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Swinney, Dabo, commended. Description: Swinney, Dabo, commended
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Legislature, joint session called to recognize Black History Month. Description: Legislature, joint session called to recognize Black History Month
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Ragland, Ronnie, commended. Description: Ragland, Ronnie, commended
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Wright, Paul, commended. Description: Wright, Paul, commended
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Stepping up Initiative, supported. Description: Stepping up Initiative, supported
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Crisis Diversion Centers, established, to provide behavioral health crisis services. Description: Crisis Diversion Centers, established, to provide behavioral health crisis services
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Clem, Roy, commended. Description: Clem, Roy, commended
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Hudson, Wendell, commended. Description: Hudson, Wendell, commended
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Harrison, James Irving, death mourned. Description: Harrison, James Irving, death mourned
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: Colorectal Cancer Awareness Month, March 2020, recognized. Description: Colorectal Cancer Awareness Month, March 2020, recognized
In 2020, Alabama passed a bill titled: State of Alabama, individuals urged to fist bump rather than shake hands. Description: State of Alabama, individuals urged to fist bump rather than shake hands
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Goostree, Mary Gresham, death mourned. Description: Goostree, Mary Gresham, death mourned
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Thompson High School Warriors Football Team, commended. Description: Thompson High School Warriors Football Team, commended
In 2020, Alabama enrolled a bill titled: Legislative calendar, consenting to calendar for 13th and 14th legislative days. Description: Legislative calendar, consenting to calendar for 13th and 14th legislative days
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Huffman High School Basketball Team, commended. Description: Huffman High School Basketball Team, commended
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Legislature, amending joint rules, quorum not present, presiding officers may set the date and time, when Gov. has declared a state of emergency. Description: Legislature, amending joint rules, quorum not present, presiding officers may set the date and time, when Gov. has declared a state of emergency
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Adkins, Bennie G., death mourned. Description: Adkins, Bennie G., death mourned
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Bicentennial Advisory Commission, commended. Description: Bicentennial Advisory Commission, commended
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Bicentennial Commission, commended. Description: Bicentennial Commission, commended
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Bicentennial Education Committee, commended. Description: Bicentennial Education Committee, commended
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Master Teachers of the Alabama Bicentennial, commended. Description: Master Teachers of the Alabama Bicentennial, commended
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Alabama Local Activities Committee, commended. Description: Alabama Local Activities Committee, commended
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Alabama USA Semiquincentennial Commission, created. Description: Alabama USA Semiquincentennial Commission, created
In 2020, Alabama engrossed a bill titled: Technology Industry and emerging technology job sectors', impact on state's economy, recognized. Description: Technology Industry and emerging technology job sectors', impact on state's economy, recognized
