Below are the bills that have been engrossed, enrolled, or passed in the state of Alaska:
In 2023, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Medicare Reimbursement. Description: Medicare Reimbursement
In 2025, Alaska enrolled a bill titled: Senate Special Committee Arctic Affairs. Description: Senate Special Committee Arctic Affairs
In 2025, Alaska enrolled a bill titled: Senate Special World Trade Committee. Description: Senate Special World Trade Committee
In 2023, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Gold And Silver Specie As Legal Tender. Description: An Act relating to specie as legal tender in the state; and relating to borough and city sales and use taxes on specie.
In 2024, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Contraceptives Coverage:insure;med Assist. Description: An Act relating to insurance coverage for contraceptives and related services; relating to medical assistance coverage for contraceptives and related services; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Alaska passed a bill titled: Filipino American History Month. Description: An Act establishing the month of October as Filipino American History Month.
In 2024, Alaska passed a bill titled: Official Lang; Council For Ak Native Lang. Description: An Act relating to the official languages of the State of Alaska; renaming the Alaska Native Language Preservation and Advisory Council as the Council for Alaska Native Languages; relating to the transfer of the Council for Alaska Native Languages from the Department of Commerce, Community, and Economic Development to the Department of Education and Early Development; and relating to the Council for Alaska Native Languages.
In 2023, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Access To Marijuana Conviction Records. Description: An Act restricting the release of certain records of convictions; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Alaska passed a bill titled: Approp: Operating Budget; Cap; Supp. Description: An Act making appropriations for the operating and loan program expenses of state government and for certain programs; capitalizing funds; repealing appropriations; amending appropriations; making capital appropriations, supplemental appropriations, and reappropriations; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Alaska passed a bill titled: Approp: Mental Health Budget. Description: An Act making appropriations for the operating and capital expenses of the state's integrated comprehensive mental health program; and providing for an effective date.
In 2019, Alaska passed a bill titled: Northern Rail Extension. Description: Northern Rail Extension
In 2024, Alaska passed a bill titled: Carbon Storage; Cook Inlet Oil And Gas. Description: An Act relating to carbon storage on state land; relating to the powers and duties of the Alaska Oil and Gas Conservation Commission; relating to deposits into the permanent fund; establishing the carbon storage closure trust fund and carbon dioxide storage facility administrative fund; relating to geothermal resources; relating to carbon storage exploration licenses; relating to carbon storage leases; relating to carbon storage operator permits; relating to enhanced oil or gas recovery; relating to long-term monitoring and maintenance of storage facilities; relating to carbon oxide sequestration tax credits; relating to the Regulatory Commission of Alaska and regulation of the service of natural gas storage; relating to the regulation of liquefied natural gas import facilities; relating to the oil and gas production tax; relating to the duties of the Department of Natural Resources; relating to carbon dioxide pipelines; relating to reserve-based state loans for oil and gas development projects in the Cook Inlet sedimentary basin; relating to the Alaska Industrial Development and Export Authority; requiring the Alaska Industrial Development and Export Authority to report to the legislature on oil and gas projects with potential to increase oil and gas production from the Cook Inlet sedimentary basin; relating to an audit of carbon storage leases conducted by the legislative audit division; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Extend Workforce Invest Board Allocations. Description: An Act relating to allocations of funding for the Alaska Workforce Investment Board; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Alaska passed a bill titled: Veterinarians; Controlled Substance Data. Description: An Act relating to the certification of veterinarians; exempting veterinarians from the requirements of the controlled substance prescription database; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Emergency Med. Svcs: Review Organizations. Description: An Act relating to review organizations and permitting an emergency medical services provider to establish a review organization; and relating to patient records.
In 2023, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Runaways; Dfcs/doh: Duties/licensing/info. Description: An Act relating to the licensing of runaway shelters; relating to advisors to the board of trustees of the Alaska Mental Health Trust Authority; relating to the sharing of confidential health information between the Department of Health and the Department of Family and Community Services; relating to the duties of the Department of Health and the Department of Family and Community Services; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Alaska passed a bill titled: Limitations On Firearms Restrictions. Description: An Act relating to restrictions on firearms and other weapons.
In 2023, Alaska passed a bill titled: Renewable Energy Grant Fund. Description: An Act relating to the renewable energy grant fund and recommendation program; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Alaska passed a bill titled: Omnibus Crim Law/procedure;civ Commitment. Description: An Act relating to criminal law and procedure; relating to homicide resulting from conduct involving controlled substances; establishing the crime of assault in the presence of a child; relating to the crime of stalking; relating to human trafficking; relating to prostitution; relating to sex trafficking; changing the term 'child pornography' to 'child sexual abuse material'; relating to misconduct involving a controlled substance; relating to sentencing; relating to competency to stand trial; relating to the duty to register as a sex offender; amending the definition of 'sex offense'; relating to multidisciplinary child protection teams; relating to involuntary civil commitments; relating to victims' rights during certain civil commitment proceedings; relating to the duties of the Department of Corrections; amending Rules 4 and 5, Alaska Rules of Civil Procedure; amending Rule 6(s), Alaska Rules of Criminal Procedure; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Alaska passed a bill titled: Reclassification Of First Class Cities. Description: An Act relating to the reclassification of first class cities as second class cities; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Owner & Contractor Controlled Insurance. Description: An Act relating to coverage for additional insureds under owner and contractor controlled insurance programs; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Alaska passed a bill titled: Ak Community Health Aide Appreciation Day. Description: An Act establishing September 10 as Alaska Community Health Aide Appreciation Day.
In 2023, Alaska passed a bill titled: Approp: Supplemental. Description: An Act making supplemental appropriations and other appropriations; making appropriations under art. IX, sec. 17(c), Constitution of the State of Alaska, from the constitutional budget reserve fund; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Vehicles/boats: Transfer On Death Title. Description: An Act relating to the transfer of a title on the death of the owner; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Warehouse Work Quotas. Description: An Act relating to work quotas for employees at warehouse distribution centers; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Child Care: Tax Credits/assistance/grants. Description: An Act relating to education tax credits for certain payments and contributions for child care and child care facilities; relating to the insurance tax education credit, the income tax education credit, the oil or gas producer education credit, the property tax education credit, the mining business education credit, the fisheries business education credit, and the fisheries resource landing tax education credit; renaming the day care assistance program the child care assistance program; relating to the child care assistance program and the child care grant program; providing for an effective date by amending the effective date of secs. 1, 2, and 21, ch. 61, SLA 2014; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Outstanding Natl. Res. Water Designation. Description: An Act relating to designation of state water as outstanding national resource water; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Self-storage Units: Liens; Sales. Description: An Act relating to self-storage facilities for personal property, including vehicles and watercraft; distinguishing self-storage facility liens from another type of storage lien; and excluding self-storage liens from the treatment of certain unclaimed property.
In 2023, Alaska passed a bill titled: Extend Alaska Minerals Commission. Description: An Act extending the termination date of the Alaska Minerals Commission.
In 2024, Alaska passed a bill titled: Timber Sale: Expedited/salvage/negotiated. Description: An Act relating to timber sales.
In 2024, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Education For Deaf & Hard Of Hearing. Description: An Act relating to public school students who are deaf or hard of hearing.
In 2023, Alaska passed a bill titled: Profession Of Pharmacy. Description: An Act relating to the Board of Pharmacy; relating to the practice of pharmacy; relating to pharmacies; relating to prescription drug manufacturers; relating to licensing and registration requirements for certain wholesale drug distributors; relating to prescriptions for epinephrine; relating to the administration of epinephrine; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Village Safe Water Act;village Definition. Description: An Act relating to the definition of 'village' in the Village Safe Water Act.
In 2024, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Restorative Justice Acct Appropriations. Description: An Act relating to grants and costs funded by the restorative justice account; relating to the Council on Domestic Violence and Sexual Assault; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Marijuana: Tax/retail Stores/registration. Description: An Act relating to the lawful operation of retail marijuana stores; relating to the registration of marijuana establishments; relating to marijuana taxes; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Student Hunt/fish Lic;animal Adopt Record. Description: An Act relating to hunting, trapping, and fishing licenses for certain nonresident postsecondary students; relating to animal adoption and foster care records; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Alaska passed a bill titled: Articles Of Incorporation For Ancsa Corps. Description: An Act relating to an amendment to the articles of incorporation of a corporation organized under the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: State Land;trapping Cabins;muni Platting. Description: An Act relating to state land use planning and classification; relating to the James Dalton Highway right-of-way; relating to platting and recording divisions of land in first class boroughs, second class boroughs, and cities that have platting authority; relating to trapping cabins on state land; relating to trapping cabin permit fees; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Counselors/therapists/review Orgs. Description: An Act relating to the Board of Professional Counselors; relating to licensing of associate counselors; relating to marital and family therapists; relating to telehealth; relating to review organizations and permitting an emergency medical services provider to establish a review organization; relating to patient records; relating to disclosure and reporting of health care services, prices, and fee information; relating to the health care professionals workforce enhancement program; prohibiting unfair discrimination under group health insurance against associate counselors; relating to medical assistance for professional counseling services; relating to mental health professionals; relating to health care provider liability; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Alaska passed a bill titled: Oil Terminal Facility. Description: An Act relating to the operation of a tank vessel or oil barge as an oil terminal facility; relating to the definition of 'oil terminal facility'; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Elections: Voter Reg./legal Fund/comms. Description: An Act relating to elections; relating to voter registration; relating to candidate legal funds; relating to voting; relating to special needs voting; relating to absentee voting; relating to defamation claims based on the use of synthetic media; relating to the use of synthetic media in electioneering communications; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Reject Compensation Comm Recommendations. Description: An Act relating to and disapproving recommendations of the State Officers Compensation Commission; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Alaska passed a bill titled: Establishing Don Young Day. Description: An Act establishing June 9 of each year as Don Young Day.
In 2024, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Advanced Recycling And Facilities. Description: An Act relating to the Department of Environmental Conservation; relating to advanced recycling and advanced recycling facilities; relating to waste; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Repeal Education Tax Credits Sunset. Description: An Act relating to education tax credits; and providing for an effective date by repealing the effective date of secs. 1, 2, and 21, ch. 61, SLA 2014.
In 2024, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Loans Under $25,000; Payday Loans. Description: An Act relating to loans in an amount of $25,000 or less; relating to the Nationwide Multistate Licensing System and Registry; relating to deferred deposit advances; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Regulation Of Fireworks. Description: An Act relating to fireworks; directing the Department of Public Safety to adopt fireworks regulations; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Alaska passed a bill titled: Ak Perform. Scholarship; Edu Tax Credits. Description: An Act relating to the head start program; relating to the Alaska performance scholarship program; relating to the insurance tax education credit, the income tax education credit, the oil or gas producer education credit, the property tax education credit, the mining business education credit, the fisheries business education credit, and the fisheries resource landing tax education credit; relating to allocations of funding for the Alaska Workforce Investment Board; relating to grants for technical and vocational education; providing for an effective date by amending the effective date of secs. 1, 2, and 21, ch. 61, SLA 2014; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Alaska passed a bill titled: Establish Ak Military Affairs Commission. Description: An Act establishing the Alaska Military Affairs Commission; relating to the duties and powers of the Alaska Military Affairs Commission; relating to the Joint Armed Services Committee; relating to judge advocates; relating to military facility zones; relating to the appointment of an assistant adjutant general; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Fisheries Rehabilitation Permit/project. Description: An Act relating to certain fish; and establishing a fisheries rehabilitation permit.
In 2024, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Designate Sex For School-sponsored Sports. Description: An Act relating to school athletics, recreation, athletic teams, and sports.
In 2024, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Sale Of Alcohol. Description: An Act relating to the sale of alcohol; relating to the posting of warning signs for alcoholic beverages; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Alaska passed a bill titled: Internet For Schools. Description: An Act relating to funding for Internet services for school districts; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Schools:overdose Drugs, Correspond Prgrms. Description: An Act relating to the availability and administration of opioid overdose drugs in public schools; relating to correspondence study programs; and relating to allotments for correspondence study programs; and relating to an annual report relating to Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration grants and opioid overdose drug distribution; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Catastrophic Illness/medical Assistance. Description: An Act repealing programs for catastrophic illness assistance and medical assistance for chronic and acute medical conditions.
In 2024, Alaska passed a bill titled: Repeal Assistive Technology Loan Program. Description: An Act repealing the assistive technology loan guarantee and interest subsidy program; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Oil/gas Royalty Rates; Cook Inlet Develop. Description: An Act relating to royalty rates and payments for certain oil and gas; relating to state loans for oil and gas development projects in the Cook Inlet sedimentary basin; relating to the creation of subsidiaries related to development projects in the Cook Inlet sedimentary basin by the Alaska Industrial Development and Export Authority; relating to the Cook Inlet reserve-based lending fund and the payment of dividends from the fund; relating to a report to the legislature related to oil and gas development projects in the Cook Inlet sedimentary basin; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Pharmacies/pharmacists/benefits Managers. Description: An Act relating to insurance; relating to pharmacy benefits managers; relating to dispensing fees; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Alaska passed a bill titled: Mental Health/psychedelic Med. Task Force. Description: An Act establishing the Alaska task force for the regulation of psychedelic medicines approved by the United States Food and Drug Administration; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Alaska passed a bill titled: Teachers:out-of-state Experience, Retired. Description: An Act relating to teacher certificates for retired teachers; repealing the limit on the number of years of out-of-state school experience that may be substituted for in-state experience in teacher salary scales; relating to teacher national board certification; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Alaska passed a bill titled: Rates: Motor Vehicle Warranty Work. Description: An Act relating to rates and time allowances for motor vehicle warranty work; and relating to unfair practices by manufacturers.
In 2024, Alaska passed a bill titled: Temporary Permit For Lapsed Nurse License. Description: An Act relating to temporary permits for nurses with lapsed licenses.
In 2024, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Criminal Mischief 3rd Degree. Description: An Act relating to criminal mischief in the third degree; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Homemade Foods; Agricultural Loans. Description: An Act relating to the Board of Agriculture and Conservation; relating to loans and limitations under the Alaska Agricultural Loan Act; exempting certain foods and drinks prepared in an uninspected kitchen from state labeling, licensing, packaging, permitting, and inspection requirements; permitting a person to acquire meat from a producer by way of an ownership share in an animal if certain conditions are met; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Federally Designated Refrigerants. Description: An Act relating to refrigerants designated as acceptable for use under federal law.
In 2024, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Block Pornography To Minors; Social Media. Description: An Act relating to minors and the Internet; and relating to use of social media by minors.
In 2024, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Cook Inlet Seismic Data. Description: An Act requiring the Department of Natural Resources to make Cook Inlet seismic survey data available to certain persons; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Child Sexual Abuse Material. Description: An Act changing the term 'child pornography' to 'child sexual abuse material.'
In 2024, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Approp: Operating Budget; Cap; Supp; Am. Description: An Act making appropriations for the operating and loan program expenses of state government and for certain programs; capitalizing funds; repealing appropriations; amending appropriations; making supplemental appropriations and reappropriations; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Alaska passed a bill titled: Approp: Mental Health Budget. Description: An Act making appropriations for the operating and capital expenses of the state's integrated comprehensive mental health program; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Big Game Hunting By Person W/ Disability. Description: An Act relating to big game hunts for persons with physical disabilities; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Alaska passed a bill titled: Ahfc Mortgage Loans; Comm. Fishing Loans. Description: An Act relating to commercial fishing loans; relating to subsidiary corporations of the Alaska Housing Finance Corporation; relating to the power of the Alaska Housing Finance Corporation to make or purchase mortgage loans; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Local Boundary Commission. Description: An Act relating to the Local Boundary Commission; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Mammograms: Insurance Coverage. Description: An Act relating to insurance; relating to mammograms; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Crime Victim Restitution. Description: An Act relating to victim restitution and compensation.
In 2024, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Salmon Hatchery Permits. Description: An Act authorizing the sale of hatchery-produced salmonids to certain persons for the purpose of stocking lakes.
In 2024, Alaska passed a bill titled: Utility Regulation; Rca; Aea; Energy Loan. Description: An Act relating to the Regulatory Commission of Alaska; relating to regulation of public utilities and pipeline carriers; relating to approval of wholesale power agreements; relating to electric reliability organizations; relating to loans for renewable energy resources projects from the power project fund; relating to the taxation of new electricity generation and storage facilities; relating to the Alaska Energy Authority; relating to the Railbelt Transmission Organization; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Alaska passed a bill titled: Delegation Of Routine Optometry Services. Description: An Act relating to the practice of optometry; and relating to the delegation of routine services of optometry.
In 2024, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Assistant Adjutant General Appointment. Description: An Act relating to the appointment of an assistant adjutant general; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Emerg Wireless Device Location Disclosure. Description: An Act relating to law enforcement requests for wireless device location information in emergencies; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Alaska passed a bill titled: Aquatic Farms And Hatcheries. Description: An Act relating to state tideland leases; relating to geoduck seed transfers; and relating to aquatic farming or related hatchery operation site leases.
In 2024, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Prisoners: Electronic Device Access/rates. Description: An Act relating to the use and possession of electronic devices by prisoners; and relating to prisoner communication reimbursement rates.
In 2024, Alaska passed a bill titled: Establishing 4-h Day. Description: An Act establishing 4-H Day.
In 2024, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Marvin Thurmond Galena Maint. Station. Description: An Act naming the Marvin Thurmond Galena Maintenance and Operation Station.
In 2024, Alaska passed a bill titled: Medical Assistance; Food Stamp Program. Description: An Act relating to medical assistance demonstration projects established by the Department of Health; and relating to medical assistance coverage for rehabilitative, mandatory, and optional services furnished or paid for by a school district on behalf of certain children; relating to the supplemental nutrition assistance program; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Alaska passed a bill titled: Disaster Relief Grants; Harbor Facilities. Description: An Act relating to grants to unit owners for disaster relief; relating to safety ladders at municipal harbor facilities; relating to the harbor facility grant fund; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Property Assessment. Description: An Act relating to assessment of property, boards of equalization, and certification of assessors; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Deepfakes: Liability; Elections. Description: An Act relating to defamation claims based on the use of deepfakes; and relating to the use of deepfakes in electioneering communications.
In 2024, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Prisoner Med Care Medicaid Reimbursement. Description: An Act relating to the reimbursement rate for prisoner medical care.
In 2024, Alaska passed a bill titled: Proclaim Juneteenth Day A Holiday. Description: An Act establishing Juneteenth Day as a legal holiday.
In 2024, Alaska passed a bill titled: Medical Review Organizations. Description: An Act relating to medical review organizations; relating to the definitions of 'health care provider' and 'review organization'; and relating to the duties of the chief medical officer in the Department of Health.
In 2024, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Energy Sources Of Motor Vehicles. Description: An Act prohibiting certain restrictions based on the energy source of a motor vehicle.
In 2024, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Rca Regulate Natural Gas Storage Facility. Description: An Act relating to the Regulatory Commission of Alaska and regulation of the service of natural gas storage and liquefied natural gas import facilities; relating to records of the Regulatory Commission of Alaska; relating to rates established by the Regulatory Commission of Alaska; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Transfer Of Railroad Property. Description: An Act approving the transfer of land owned by the Alaska Railroad Corporation to the City of Nenana; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Alaska passed a bill titled: Hunting/trapping/fishing: Disabled Vets. Description: An Act providing for trapping licenses for active members of the Alaska National Guard and military reserves without charge; making sport fishing, hunting, and trapping permanent identification cards available to certain disabled veterans without charge; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Address Confidentiality Program. Description: An Act relating to the duties of the Department of Administration; creating an address confidentiality program; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Alaska passed a bill titled: University: Textbooks/materials Cost. Description: An Act relating to costs of and charges for textbooks and other course materials required for University of Alaska courses; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Public Schools: Mental Health Education. Description: An Act relating to mental health education; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Alaska passed a bill titled: Repealing Funds, Accounts, And Programs. Description: An Act relating to inactive state accounts and funds; relating to the curriculum improvement and best practices fund; relating to the fuel emergency fund and fuel emergency grants; relating to the special Alaska Historical Commission receipts account; relating to the rural electrification revolving loan fund and loans from the fund; and relating to the Exxon Valdez oil spill unincorporated rural community grant fund and grants from the fund.
In 2024, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Workplace Violence Protective Orders. Description: An Act relating to workplace violence protective orders; relating to the crime of violating a protective order; relating to the powers of district judges and magistrates; amending Rules 4 and 65, Alaska Rules of Civil Procedure, and Rule 9, Alaska Rules of Administration; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Civics Education. Description: An Act relating to civics education, civics assessments, and secondary school graduation requirements; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Alaska passed a bill titled: Citizen Advisory Comm On Federal Areas. Description: An Act reestablishing the Citizens' Advisory Commission on Federal Management Areas in Alaska; relating to the membership and duties of the Citizens' Advisory Commission on Federal Management Areas in Alaska; relating to the authority of the Department of Natural Resources regarding the Citizens' Advisory Commission on Federal Management Areas in Alaska; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Crime Counterfeit/nonfunctioning Airbag. Description: An Act establishing the crime of airbag fraud.
In 2023, Alaska passed a bill titled: Interference With Emergency Services. Description: An Act establishing the crime of interference with emergency communications.
In 2023, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Direct Health Agreement: Not Insurance. Description: An Act relating to insurance; relating to direct health care agreements; relating to the duties of the director of the division of insurance in the Department of Commerce, Community, and Economic Development; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Alaska passed a bill titled: Brain Injury Awareness Month. Description: An Act establishing the month of March as Brain Injury Awareness Month; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Alaska passed a bill titled: Carbon Offset Program; Carbon Storage. Description: An Act relating to the powers and duties of the Alaska Oil and Gas Conservation Commission; authorizing the Department of Natural Resources to lease land for carbon management purposes; establishing a carbon offset program for state land; authorizing the sale of carbon offset credits; authorizing the use of land and water within the Haines State Forest Resource Management Area for a carbon offset project; authorizing the undertaking of carbon offset projects on land in legislatively designated state forests; relating to oil and gas lease expenditures; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Edu Info;increase Base Student Allocation. Description: An Act relating to education; requiring the Department of Education and Early Development to provide information relating to public schools on an Internet website; relating to information on the post-secondary education, career path, and residency of graduates from high schools in the state; relating to transportation of students; relating to state funding for districts operating residential schools; increasing the base student allocation; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Competency; Involuntary Civil Commitments. Description: An Act relating to competency to stand trial; relating to involuntary civil commitments; and relating to victims' rights during certain civil commitment proceedings.
In 2023, Alaska passed a bill titled: Extnd Bds: Medical, Direct-entry Midwives. Description: An Act extending the termination date of the Board of Certified Direct-Entry Midwives; extending the termination date of the State Medical Board; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Alaska passed a bill titled: Adult Home Care; Med Assist.; Health Info. Description: An Act relating to the sharing of confidential health information between the Department of Health and the Department of Family and Community Services; relating to home- and community-based services under the medical assistance program; relating to medical assistance for recipients of Medicaid waivers; establishing a host care home license and procedures; providing for the transition of individuals from foster care to host home care settings; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Alaska passed a bill titled: Medicaid Eligibility: Postpartum Mothers. Description: An Act relating to Medicaid eligibility; expanding eligibility for postpartum mothers; conditioning the expansion of eligibility on approval by the United States Department of Health and Human Services; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Alaska passed a bill titled: Pfas: Use For Firefighting, Disposal. Description: An Act relating to firefighting substances; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Public Notice For State Actions/hearings. Description: An Act relating to public notice requirements for museums and for certain state actions and public hearings; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Alaska passed a bill titled: Physical Therapy Licensure Compact. Description: An Act relating to an interstate physical therapy licensure compact; relating to the licensure of physical therapists, physical therapist assistants, occupational therapists, and occupational therapy assistants; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Alaska passed a bill titled: Aud. & Speech-lang Interstate Compact. Description: An Act relating to an audiology and speech-language interstate compact; relating to the practice of audiology and the practice of speech-language pathology; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Muni Prop Tax Exemption/tax Blighted Prop. Description: An Act relating to municipal property tax; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Alaska passed a bill titled: 2023 Revisor's Bill. Description: An Act making corrective amendments to the Alaska Statutes as recommended by the revisor of statutes; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Alaska passed a bill titled: Office Victims' Rights: Comp, Apptmt. Description: An Act relating to the office of victims' rights; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Perm Fund; Employment; Eligibility. Description: An Act relating to national criminal history record checks for certain employees of the Department of Revenue; relating to permanent fund dividends; relating to the confidentiality of certain information provided on a permanent fund dividend application; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Alaska passed a bill titled: Lumber Grading Program. Description: An Act relating to a lumber grading training program and lumber grading certificates; relating to use of lumber graded and certified by a person holding a lumber grading training program certificate; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Retirement Systems; Defined Benefit Opt.. Description: An Act relating to the Public Employees' Retirement System of Alaska and the teachers' retirement system; providing certain employees an opportunity to choose between the defined benefit and defined contribution plans of the Public Employees' Retirement System of Alaska and the teachers' retirement system; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Tobacco/nicotine/e-cig Age; Tax Marijuana. Description: An Act relating to tobacco, tobacco products, electronic smoking products, nicotine, and products containing nicotine; raising the minimum age to purchase, exchange, or possess tobacco, a product containing nicotine, or an electronic smoking product; relating to the lawful operation of retail marijuana stores; relating to the registration of marijuana establishments; relating to the tobacco use education and cessation fund; relating to retailers of and the sale of electronic smoking products and vapor products; relating to marijuana taxes; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Alaska passed a bill titled: Telehealth: Multidisciplinary Care Team. Description: An Act relating to telehealth; relating to multidisciplinary care teams; and relating to the practice of medicine.
In 2023, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: State Ownership Of Submerged Land. Description: An Act relating to state ownership of submerged land underlying navigable water within the boundaries of federal areas; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Alaska passed a bill titled: Fishermen's Fund: Vessel Owner Claims. Description: An Act relating to claims for injury, disability, or heart attack payable from the fishermen's fund; relating to claims against protection and indemnity insurance policies of vessel owners; relating to the definition of 'occupational disease'; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Alaska passed a bill titled: License Plates; Comm. Driver Licenses. Description: An Act relating to special request specialty organization registration plates; relating to special registration plates commemorating peace officers killed in the line of duty; relating to special registration plates for vehicles owned by women veterans; relating to special request registration plates for United States Space Force personnel; relating to the transfer of vehicles; relating to commercial driver's licenses and commercial instruction permits; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Alaska passed a bill titled: Ak Perm Fund Corp. & Pce Endowment Fund. Description: An Act requiring the Alaska Permanent Fund Corporation to manage the power cost equalization endowment fund; requiring the Alaska Permanent Fund Corporation to publish certain reports relating to the power cost equalization endowment fund; relating to the Alaska Permanent Fund Corporation's management and investment of the power cost equalization endowment fund; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Financial Literacy Program In Schools. Description: An Act establishing a financial literacy education program for public schools; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Peer Support Counseling Program. Description: An Act relating to peer support counseling programs for law enforcement agencies, emergency service providers, and the Department of Corrections.
In 2024, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Civil Legal Services Fund. Description: An Act relating to appropriations to the civil legal services fund.
In 2023, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Permanent Fund Dividend; Pomv Split. Description: An Act relating to the Alaska permanent fund; relating to income of the Alaska permanent fund; relating to the amount available for appropriation and appropriations from the earnings reserve account; relating to the permanent fund dividend; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Reaa Fund: Mt. Edgecumbe, Teacher Housing. Description: An Act relating to the regional educational attendance area and small municipal school district fund; relating to Mt. Edgecumbe High School; and relating to teacher housing.
In 2024, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Physician Assistant Scope Of Practice. Description: An Act relating to physician assistants; relating to physicians; and relating to health care insurance policies.
In 2024, Alaska passed a bill titled: Critical Natural Resources; Reports. Description: An Act relating to critical and essential minerals.
In 2023, Alaska passed a bill titled: State Identification Card For Prisoners. Description: An Act relating to state identifications and driver's licenses for persons in the custody of the Department of Corrections; relating to state identifications issued by the Department of Corrections; relating to the duties of the commissioner of corrections; relating to misconduct involving confidential information; relating to voter identification; relating to identification for fishing permits; relating to identification for debtor financing statements; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Alaska passed a bill titled: License Requirements: Comm. Drivers. Description: An Act relating to commercial motor vehicle drivers' license requirements; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Alaska passed a bill titled: Architect/engineer Registration Board. Description: An Act relating to the State Board of Registration for Architects, Engineers, and Land Surveyors; relating to architects, engineers, land surveyors, and landscape architects; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Alaska passed a bill titled: Matt Glover Bike Path. Description: An Act naming the Matt Glover Bike Path.
In 2024, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Asian American/pacific Islander Program. Description: An Act requiring education in the history and contributions of Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders.
In 2024, Alaska passed a bill titled: Ins. Data Security; Info. Security Prgrms. Description: An Act relating to insurance; relating to insurance data security; relating to mammograms; amending Rule 26, Alaska Rules of Civil Procedure, and Rules 402 and 501, Alaska Rules of Evidence; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Naming Raymond & Esther Conquest Bridge. Description: An Act naming the Raymond and Esther Conquest Bridge.
In 2024, Alaska passed a bill titled: Recognizing Ncsl On 50th Anniversary. Description: Recognizing Ncsl On 50th Anniversary
In 2024, Alaska passed a bill titled: Workers' Comp.; Extnd Sr Benefits Payment. Description: An Act relating to workers' compensation reemployment rights and benefits; establishing a workers' compensation stay-at-work program; relating to the workers' compensation benefits guaranty fund; relating to the presumption of compensability for workers' compensation claims related to post-traumatic stress disorder; relating to the Alaska senior benefits payment program; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Alaska passed a bill titled: Missing/murdered Indigenous People;report. Description: An Act relating to police officer training; establishing the Missing and Murdered Indigenous Persons Review Commission; relating to missing and murdered indigenous persons; relating to the duties of the Department of Public Safety; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Alaska passed a bill titled: Community Energy Facilities. Description: An Act relating to community energy facilities.
In 2024, Alaska passed a bill titled: Military: Bidder Pref Program, Help Desk. Description: An Act relating to bidder preferences in state procurement; creating the military and veteran family help desk in the Department of Military and Veterans' Affairs; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Alaska passed a bill titled: Alaska Veterans' Poppy Day. Description: An Act establishing Alaska Veterans' Poppy Day; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Tax Exemption For Farm Land/structures. Description: An Act relating to municipal taxation of farm land and farm structures; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Extnd Sr Benefits; Repeal Longevity Bonus. Description: An Act relating to the Alaska longevity bonus program and the Alaska senior benefits payment program; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Residency Req: Hunting, Trapping, Fishing. Description: An Act changing the residency requirements for sport fishing, hunting, and trapping privileges; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Alaska passed a bill titled: Honor & Remember/honor & Sacrifice Flags. Description: An Act relating to the Honor and Remember Flag and the Honor and Sacrifice Flag.
In 2024, Alaska passed a bill titled: Muni Property Tax/telecomm Tax; Xfer Tax. Description: An Act relating to municipal property tax; relating to assessment of property, boards of equalization, and certification of assessors; prohibiting municipalities from levying a tax on the transfer of real property; prohibiting the state from levying a tax on the transfer of real property; relating to municipal taxation of mobile telecommunications services; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Extend Big Game Comm Services Board. Description: An Act extending the termination date of the Big Game Commercial Services Board; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Workers' Comp Benefits Guaranty Fund. Description: An Act relating to the workers' compensation benefits guaranty fund; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Approp: Cap; Reapprop; Supp. Description: An Act making appropriations, including capital appropriations, supplemental appropriations, and other appropriations; making reappropriations; making appropriations to capitalize funds; amending appropriations; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Alaska passed a bill titled: Xtnd Boards;game Permits;taxes;child Care. Description: An Act extending the termination date of the Big Game Commercial Services Board; extending the termination date of the Board of Massage Therapists; establishing a big game guide concession area permit program on land in the state; relating to the duties of the Big Game Commercial Services Board, the Board of Game, the Department of Fish and Game, and the Department of Natural Resources; relating to education tax credits for certain payments and contributions for child care and child care facilities; relating to the insurance tax education credit, the income tax education credit, the oil or gas producer education credit, the property tax education credit, the mining business education credit, the fisheries business education credit, and the fisheries resource landing tax education credit; extending the termination date of the Alaska Commission on Aging; extending the termination date of the Marijuana Control Board; renaming the day care assistance program the child care assistance program; relating to the child care assistance program and the child care grant program; requiring the Board of Game to establish an initial big game guide concession area; providing for an effective date by amending the effective date of secs. 1, 2, and 21, ch. 61, SLA 2014; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Alaska passed a bill titled: Employer Drug And Alcohol Testing. Description: An Act relating to drug and alcohol testing by employers.
In 2024, Alaska passed a bill titled: Cert. Of Fitness: Plumbers/electricians. Description: An Act relating to the issuance of certificates of fitness for plumbers and electricians; relating to fees for certificates of fitness for plumbers and electricians; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Alaska passed a bill titled: Ahfc Authority To Acquire Building. Description: An Act authorizing the Alaska Housing Finance Corporation to acquire or purchase a building that it occupies for an amount that does not exceed $8,000,000; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Workers' Comp. Stay-at-work Program. Description: An Act relating to workers' compensation reemployment benefits; establishing a workers' compensation stay-at-work program; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Extend Board Of Massage Therapists. Description: An Act extending the termination date of the Board of Massage Therapists; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Extend Marijuana Control Board. Description: An Act relating to the Marijuana Control Board; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Grants To Disaster Victims. Description: An Act relating to grants to disaster victims.
In 2024, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Aidea Workforce Housing Development. Description: An Act relating to the Alaska Industrial Development and Export Authority; and relating to workforce housing development projects.
In 2024, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: School Medical Assist;treatment Of Minors. Description: An Act allowing minors 16 years of age or older to consent to behavioral health and mental health services; authorizing school personnel to recommend a behavioral health or mental health professional to a child 16 years of age or older; and relating to medical assistance coverage for rehabilitative, mandatory, and optional services furnished or paid for by a school district on behalf of certain children.
In 2024, Alaska passed a bill titled: Establish Als Awareness Month. Description: An Act establishing May as Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis Awareness Month; and providing for an effective date.
In 2024, Alaska passed a bill titled: Compensation For Certain State Employees. Description: An Act relating to the compensation of state employees; relating to the salary of the chief administrative law judge; and providing for an effective date.
In 2023, Alaska passed a bill titled: House Special Cmte: Military/vet Affairs. Description: House Special Cmte: Military/vet Affairs
In 2023, Alaska passed a bill titled: House Special Committee On Fisheries. Description: House Special Committee On Fisheries
In 2023, Alaska passed a bill titled: House Spec Committee On Ways And Means. Description: House Spec Committee On Ways And Means
In 2023, Alaska passed a bill titled: House Special Cmte: Tribal Affairs. Description: House Special Cmte: Tribal Affairs
In 2023, Alaska passed a bill titled: H.sp.cmte:arctic Policy/econ Dev./tourism. Description: H.sp.cmte:arctic Policy/econ Dev./tourism
In 2023, Alaska passed a bill titled: House Special Committee On Energy. Description: House Special Committee On Energy
In 2023, Alaska passed a bill titled: Senate Special World Trade Committee. Description: Senate Special World Trade Committee
In 2024, Alaska passed a bill titled: Chronic Kidney Disease Awareness Month. Description: Chronic Kidney Disease Awareness Month
In 2023, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Joint Task Force: Labor, Retention, Train. Description: Joint Task Force: Labor, Retention, Train
In 2023, Alaska passed a bill titled: Suspend Uniform Rules For Sb 57. Description: Suspend Uniform Rules For Sb 57
In 2024, Alaska passed a bill titled: Suspend Uniform Rules For Sb 140. Description: Suspend Uniform Rules For Sb 140
In 2024, Alaska passed a bill titled: Honoring Vietnam War Veterans. Description: Honoring Vietnam War Veterans
In 2024, Alaska passed a bill titled: Mental Health Month; Tardive Dysk Week. Description: Mental Health Month; Tardive Dysk Week
In 2024, Alaska passed a bill titled: Crime Victims' Rights Week. Description: Crime Victims' Rights Week
In 2024, Alaska passed a bill titled: Suspend Uniform Rules For Sjr 14. Description: Suspend Uniform Rules For Sjr 14
In 2024, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Suspend Uniform Rules For Sb 89. Description: Suspend Uniform Rules For Sb 89
In 2024, Alaska passed a bill titled: Suspend Uniform Rules For Sb 95. Description: Suspend Uniform Rules For Sb 95
In 2024, Alaska passed a bill titled: Suspend Uniform Rules For Sb 154. Description: Suspend Uniform Rules For Sb 154
In 2024, Alaska passed a bill titled: Suspend Uniform Rules For Sb 189. Description: Suspend Uniform Rules For Sb 189
In 2024, Alaska passed a bill titled: Suspend Uniform Rules For Sb 179. Description: Suspend Uniform Rules For Sb 179
In 2024, Alaska passed a bill titled: Suspend Uniform Rules For Sb 147. Description: Suspend Uniform Rules For Sb 147
In 2023, Alaska passed a bill titled: Uniform Rules: Mason's Manual, Committees. Description: Mason's Manual of Legislative Procedure
In 2023, Alaska passed a bill titled: Suspend Uniform Rules For Hb 56. Description: Suspend Uniform Rules For Hb 56
In 2023, Alaska passed a bill titled: Suspend Uniform Rules For Hb 39. Description: Suspend Uniform Rules For Hb 39
In 2023, Alaska passed a bill titled: Suspend Uniform Rules For Hb 51. Description: Suspend Uniform Rules For Hb 51
In 2024, Alaska passed a bill titled: Mental Health/substance Assistance Parity. Description: Mental Health/substance Assistance Parity
In 2024, Alaska passed a bill titled: Joint Legis Seafood Industry Task Force. Description: Joint Legis Seafood Industry Task Force
In 2024, Alaska passed a bill titled: Suspend Uniform Rules For Hb 26. Description: Suspend Uniform Rules For Hb 26
In 2024, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Art. Ii, Sec. 16, Const:affirm Compliance. Description: Art. Ii, Sec. 16, Const:affirm Compliance
In 2024, Alaska passed a bill titled: Suspend Uniform Rules For Hb 104. Description: Suspend Uniform Rules For Hb 104
In 2024, Alaska passed a bill titled: Suspend Uniform Rules For Hb 66. Description: Suspend Uniform Rules For Hb 66
In 2024, Alaska passed a bill titled: Suspend Uniform Rules For Hb 50. Description: Suspend Uniform Rules For Hb 50
In 2024, Alaska passed a bill titled: Suspend Uniform Rules For Hb 126. Description: Suspend Uniform Rules For Hb 126
In 2024, Alaska passed a bill titled: Suspend Uniform Rules For Hb 146. Description: Suspend Uniform Rules For Hb 146
In 2024, Alaska passed a bill titled: Suspend Uniform Rules For Hb 295. Description: Suspend Uniform Rules For Hb 295
In 2024, Alaska passed a bill titled: Suspend Uniform Rules For Hb 251. Description: Suspend Uniform Rules For Hb 251
In 2024, Alaska passed a bill titled: Suspend Uniform Rules For Hb 19. Description: Suspend Uniform Rules For Hb 19
In 2024, Alaska passed a bill titled: Suspend Uniform Rules For Hb 155. Description: Suspend Uniform Rules For Hb 155
In 2024, Alaska passed a bill titled: Suspend Uniform Rules For Hb 122. Description: Suspend Uniform Rules For Hb 122
In 2024, Alaska passed a bill titled: Suspend Uniform Rules For Hb 202. Description: Suspend Uniform Rules For Hb 202
In 2024, Alaska passed a bill titled: Suspend Uniform Rules For Hb 344. Description: Suspend Uniform Rules For Hb 344
In 2024, Alaska passed a bill titled: Suspend Uniform Rules For Hb 125. Description: Suspend Uniform Rules For Hb 125
In 2024, Alaska passed a bill titled: Suspend Uniform Rules For Hb 230. Description: Suspend Uniform Rules For Hb 230
In 2024, Alaska passed a bill titled: Suspend Uniform Rules For Hb 148. Description: Suspend Uniform Rules For Hb 148
In 2024, Alaska passed a bill titled: Suspend Uniform Rule For Hb 120. Description: Suspend Uniform Rule For Hb 120
In 2024, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Suspend Uniform Rules For Hb 129. Description: Suspend Uniform Rules For Hb 129
In 2024, Alaska passed a bill titled: Suspend Uniform Rules For Hb 273. Description: Suspend Uniform Rules For Hb 273
In 2024, Alaska passed a bill titled: Suspend Uniform Rules For Hb 345. Description: Suspend Uniform Rules For Hb 345
In 2024, Alaska passed a bill titled: Suspend Uniform Rules For Hb 307. Description: Suspend Uniform Rules For Hb 307
In 2023, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Authorizing A Recess Longer Than 3 Days. Description: Authorizing A Recess Longer Than 3 Days
In 2024, Alaska enrolled a bill titled: Concealed Handgun Reciprocity B/w States. Description: Concealed Handgun Reciprocity B/w States
In 2023, Alaska passed a bill titled: Honoring The Alaska-korea Relationship. Description: Honoring The Alaska-korea Relationship
In 2023, Alaska passed a bill titled: Alaska Fisheries; Troll Fisheries. Description: Alaska Fisheries; Troll Fisheries
In 2023, Alaska passed a bill titled: Nat'l Petroleum Reserve In Alaska. Description: Nat'l Petroleum Reserve In Alaska
In 2023, Alaska passed a bill titled: Nat'l Park Service; Hunting In Preserves. Description: Nat'l Park Service; Hunting In Preserves
In 2023, Alaska passed a bill titled: Address Air Pollution In Fairbanks. Description: Address Air Pollution In Fairbanks
In 2024, Alaska enrolled a bill titled: Support Fed Truth And Healing Commission. Description: Support Fed Truth And Healing Commission
In 2024, Alaska enrolled a bill titled: Social Security Benefit Reduction Repeal. Description: Social Security Benefit Reduction Repeal
In 2024, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Port Mackenzie & Northern Rail Extensions. Description: Port Mackenzie & Northern Rail Extensions
In 2024, Alaska enrolled a bill titled: Nat'l Petroleum Reserve In Alaska. Description: Nat'l Petroleum Reserve In Alaska
In 2024, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Transition From Leaded Aviation Fuel. Description: Transition From Leaded Aviation Fuel
In 2023, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Western Ak/arctic Oil Spill Response. Description: Western Ak/arctic Oil Spill Response
In 2023, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Sec. 404 Cwa Permit Program; Epa Region. Description: Sec. 404 Cwa Permit Program; Epa Region
In 2024, Alaska enrolled a bill titled: Amend Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act. Description: Amend Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act
In 2024, Alaska enrolled a bill titled: Support State Seafood Industry. Description: Support State Seafood Industry
In 2024, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Extend Deadline For Arp-hcy Funds. Description: Extend Deadline For Arp-hcy Funds
In 2024, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Supporting Certain Us Trade Policies. Description: Supporting Certain Us Trade Policies
In 2024, Alaska enrolled a bill titled: Weather Observing System Station Outages. Description: Weather Observing System Station Outages
In 2022, Alaska passed a bill titled: Definition Of "disaster": Cybersecurity. Description: An Act relating to the definition of 'disaster.'
In 2021, Alaska passed a bill titled: Funter Bay Marine Park: Unangan Cemetery. Description: An Act relating to the Funter Bay marine park unit of the state park system; relating to protection of the social and historical significance of the Unangax cemetery located in Funter Bay; providing for the amendment of the management plan for the Funter Bay marine park unit; and providing for an effective date.
In 2022, Alaska passed a bill titled: Limited Teacher Certificates; Languages. Description: An Act relating to instruction in a language other than English; and establishing limited language immersion teacher certificates.
In 2021, Alaska passed a bill titled: Shared Animal And Raw Milk/products. Description: An Act relating to shared animal ownership; and relating to the sharing of raw milk and raw milk products.
In 2021, Alaska passed a bill titled: Naming Irene Webber Bridge. Description: An Act naming the irene Webber Bridge.
In 2021, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Registration Of Boats: Exemption. Description: An Act relating to the registration of commercial vessels; and providing for an effective date.
In 2022, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Workers' Comp: Death; Perm Partial Impair. Description: An Act relating to the payment of workers' compensation benefits in the case of permanent partial impairment; relating to the payment of workers' compensation death benefits; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Alaska passed a bill titled: Naming Vietnam Heli. Pilots' Mem. Bridge. Description: An Act naming the Vietnam Helicopter Pilots' Memorial Bridge.
In 2021, Alaska passed a bill titled: Motor Vehicle Dealers: Applic.; Insurance. Description: An Act relating to an application for a license to operate as a dealer in motor vehicles; relating to the duties of a motor vehicle dealer; and requiring a dealer in motor vehicles to maintain liability and property insurance.
In 2022, Alaska passed a bill titled: Shellfish Projects; Hatcheries; Fees. Description: An Act relating to management of enhanced stocks of shellfish; authorizing certain nonprofit organizations to engage in shellfish enhancement projects; relating to application fees for salmon hatchery permits and shellfish enhancement project permits; and providing for an effective date.
In 2022, Alaska passed a bill titled: Practice Of Accounting; Licensure. Description: An Act relating to the practice of accounting.
In 2021, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Council For Alaska Native Languages. Description: An Act renaming the Alaska Native Language Preservation and Advisory Council as the Council for Alaska Native Languages; and relating to the Council for Alaska Native Languages.
In 2022, Alaska passed a bill titled: Military Children School Residency Waiver. Description: An Act relating to residency requirements for public school enrollment for certain children of active duty military and National Guard members; and providing for an effective date.
In 2022, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Invasive Species Management. Description: An Act establishing the Alaska Invasive Species Council in the Department of Fish and Game; relating to management of invasive species; relating to invasive species management decals; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Peace Officer/firefighter Retire Benefits. Description: An Act relating to participation of certain peace officers and firefighters in the defined benefit and defined contribution plans of the Public Employees' Retirement System of Alaska; relating to eligibility of peace officers and firefighters for medical, disability, and death benefits; relating to liability of the Public Employees' Retirement System of Alaska; and providing for an effective date.
In 2022, Alaska passed a bill titled: Marriage: Witnesses/solemnization/consent. Description: An Act relating to the Legislative Ethics Act; relating to solemnization of marriage; and relating to consent to marriage.
In 2021, Alaska passed a bill titled: Alaska Marine Highway Operations Board. Description: An Act relating to the duties of the Department of Transportation and Public Facilities; renaming the Alaska Marine Transportation Advisory Board the Alaska Marine Highway Operations Board; relating to the membership and duties of the Alaska Marine Highway Operations Board; and relating to the comprehensive, intermodal, long-range transportation plan for the state.
In 2022, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Fishery Development Assoc.; Assessments. Description: An Act relating to regional fishery development associations; and relating to developing fishery management assessments.
In 2021, Alaska passed a bill titled: Approp: Operating Budget/loans/funds. Description: An Act making appropriations for the operating and loan program expenses of state government and for certain programs; capitalizing funds; amending appropriations; making capital appropriations, supplemental appropriations, and reappropriations; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Alaska passed a bill titled: Approp: Mental Health Budget. Description: An Act making appropriations for the operating and capital expenses of the state's integrated comprehensive mental health program; making capital appropriations and supplemental appropriations; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Alaska passed a bill titled: Extending Covid 19 Disaster Emergency. Description: An Act extending the January 15, 2021, governor's declaration of a public health disaster emergency in response to the novel coronavirus disease (COVID-19) pandemic; approving and ratifying declarations of a public health disaster emergency; providing for a financing plan; making temporary changes to state law in response to the COVID-19 outbreak in the following areas: emergency powers of the governor; emergency powers of the commissioner of health and social services; occupational and professional licensing, practice, and billing; telehealth; charitable gaming and online ticket sales; access to federal stabilization funds; wills; unfair or deceptive trade practices; school operating funds; workers' compensation; program execution; civil liability; immunity from liability and disciplinary action for occupational licensees for exposure of clients to COVID-19; immunity from liability for persons engaging in business and their employees for exposure of customers to COVID-19; abortion funding; and personal objections to the administration of COVID-19 vaccines; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Saltwater Sportfishing Operators/guides. Description: An Act relating to sport fishing operators and sport fishing guides; requiring the Department of Fish and Game to prepare and submit a report; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Spt Fsh Hatchery Facil Acct; Surcharge. Description: An Act establishing the sport fishing enhancement account; establishing the sport fishing enhancement surcharge; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Oil/gas Lease:dnr Modify Net Profit Share. Description: An Act relating to the modification of a royalty or net profit share in an oil and gas or gas only lease.
In 2022, Alaska passed a bill titled: Financial Institutions; Liability. Description: An Act relating to the Alaska Banking Code; relating to mutual savings banks; relating to interstate state banks and international banks; relating to the pledging of bank assets as collateral security to tribal organizations; relating to the pledging of bank assets for interest swap agreements; relating to state business licenses; relating to persons who make loans secured by interests in vessels or facilities; relating to liability for the release or threatened release of hazardous substances; relating to the Model Foreign Bank Loan Act; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Electric-assisted Bicycles. Description: An Act relating to electric-assisted bicycles.
In 2022, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Vehicle Rentals & Vehicle Rental Networks. Description: An Act relating to rental vehicles; relating to vehicle rental networks; relating to vehicle rental taxes; and relating to vehicle rental fees.
In 2021, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Anticipation Of Revenue; Borrowing;credit. Description: An Act relating to borrowing in anticipation of revenues; relating to revenue anticipation notes; relating to short-term borrowing; and providing for an effective date.
In 2022, Alaska passed a bill titled: Physical/occupational Therapy Bd/practice. Description: An Act relating to the State Physical Therapy and Occupational Therapy Board; relating to the practice of physical therapy; and relating to the practice of occupational therapy.
In 2021, Alaska passed a bill titled: Extend Workforce Invest Board Allocations. Description: An Act relating to allocations of funding for the Alaska Workforce Investment Board; and providing for an effective date.
In 2022, Alaska passed a bill titled: State Insur. Catastrophe Reserve Acct.. Description: An Act relating to the state insurance catastrophe reserve account; and providing for an effective date.
In 2022, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Refined Fuel Surcharge; Susp Mtr Fuel Tax. Description: An Act relating to the refined fuel surcharge; suspending the tax on motor fuel; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Alaska passed a bill titled: Detention Of Minors. Description: An Act relating to care of juveniles and to juvenile justice; relating to employment of juvenile probation officers by the Department of Health and Social Services; relating to the right to representation by the Public Defender Agency; relating to the duties of the commissioner of corrections; relating to the detention of minors; relating to minors subject to adult courts; relating to the placement of minors in adult correctional facilities; relating to terms used in juvenile justice; relating to mandatory reporters of child abuse or neglect; relating to sexual assault in the third degree; relating to sexual assault in the fourth degree; repealing a requirement for administrative revocation of a minor's driver's license, permit, privilege to drive, or privilege to obtain a license for consumption or possession of alcohol or drugs; and providing for an effective date.
In 2022, Alaska passed a bill titled: Missing Persons Under 21 Years Old. Description: An Act relating to missing persons under 21 years of age.
In 2021, Alaska enrolled a bill titled: Extend Bar Ass'n Board Of Governors. Description: An Act extending the termination date of the Board of Governors of the Alaska Bar Association; and providing for an effective date.
In 2022, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Dental Hygienist Advanced Prac Permit. Description: An Act relating to the practice of dental hygiene; relating to advanced practice permits for dental hygienists; relating to dental assistants; prohibiting unfair discrimination under group health insurance against a dental hygienist who holds an advanced practice permit; relating to medical assistance for dental hygiene services; and providing for an effective date.
In 2022, Alaska passed a bill titled: Education: Schools; Funding; Programs. Description: An Act relating to facilities constituting a school; relating to the powers and duties of the Department of Education and Early Development; relating to public schools and school districts; relating to early education programs; relating to funding for early education programs; relating to school age eligibility; relating to reports by the Department of Education and Early Development; relating to reports by school districts; relating to certification and competency of teachers; relating to screening reading deficiencies and providing reading intervention services to public school students enrolled in grades kindergarten through three; relating to textbooks and materials for reading intervention services; establishing a reading program in the Department of Education and Early Development; relating to the definition of 'parent' in education statutes; relating to a virtual education consortium; relating to the education loan program, the Alaska supplemental education loan program, and the teacher education loan program; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Alaska passed a bill titled: Aquatic Farming & Hatchery Site Leases. Description: An Act relating to aquatic farming and hatchery site leases; and requiring the director of the division of lands to provide the legislature with an annual report relating to aquatic farming and hatchery site leases.
In 2021, Alaska passed a bill titled: Extend Board Of Direct-entry Midwives. Description: An Act extending the termination date of the Board of Certified Direct-Entry Midwives; and providing for an effective date.
In 2022, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Expanding Prisoner Access To Computers. Description: An Act relating to state identifications and driver's licenses for persons in the custody of the Department of Corrections; relating to the duties of the commissioner of corrections; relating to living conditions for prisoners; and providing for an effective date.
In 2022, Alaska passed a bill titled: State Recognition Of Tribes. Description: An Act providing for state recognition of federally recognized tribes; and providing for an effective date.
In 2022, Alaska passed a bill titled: Military And Family Employment Preference. Description: An Act relating to employment preferences for active service members, veterans, and spouses and dependent children of active service members and veterans; relating to employment preferences for surviving spouses of deceased service members and veterans; and relating to employment preferences for disabled veterans and former prisoners of war.
In 2021, Alaska passed a bill titled: Extend Board Of Public Accountancy. Description: An Act extending the termination date of the Board of Public Accountancy; and providing for an effective date.
In 2022, Alaska passed a bill titled: Muni Bond Bank & Railroad Corp: Financing. Description: An Act relating to the Alaska Municipal Bond Bank Authority; authorizing the Alaska Railroad Corporation to issue revenue bonds to finance the replacement of the Alaska Railroad Corporation's passenger dock and related terminal facility in Seward, Alaska; and providing for an effective date.
In 2022, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Use Of Internet For Charitable Gaming. Description: An Act relating to charitable gaming online ticket sales and activities; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: School Apprenticeship Progs; Tax Credits. Description: An Act relating to technical education and registered apprenticeships.
In 2022, Alaska passed a bill titled: Ak Ed Savings Programs/eligibility. Description: An Act relating to the Alaska savings program for eligible individuals; relating to education savings programs; relating to the Education Trust of Alaska; relating to the Alaska advance college tuition savings fund; relating to the Alaska education savings program for children; and relating to the Governor's Council on Disabilities and Special Education.
In 2022, Alaska passed a bill titled: Expand Pharmacist Authority. Description: An Act relating to the Board of Pharmacy; relating to health care services provided by pharmacists and pharmacy technicians; and relating to the practice of pharmacy.
In 2022, Alaska passed a bill titled: Alaska Coordinate System Of 2022. Description: An Act relating to the Alaska Coordinate System of 2022.
In 2022, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Child Care Provider Collective Bargaining. Description: An Act relating to allowing certain child day care providers to organize for the purpose of collective bargaining; and establishing the child day care provider fund.
In 2021, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Unemployment Benefits For Covid-19. Description: An Act relating to unemployment benefits; and providing for an effective date.
In 2022, Alaska passed a bill titled: Court System Provide Visitors & Experts. Description: An Act relating to court-appointed visitors and experts; relating to the powers and duties of the office of public advocacy; relating to the powers and duties of the Alaska Court System; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Apoc; Report Referenda/recall Contributor. Description: An Act requiring the disclosure of the identity of certain persons, groups, and nongroup entities that expend money in support of or in opposition to an application filed for a state referendum or recall election; relating to political contributions; relating to the location of offices for the Alaska Public Offices Commission and the locations at which certain statements and reports filed with the commission are made available; clarifying the limits on making, accepting, and reporting certain cash campaign contributions; relating to campaign finance reporting by certain groups; changing the date a legislator is required to report certain campaign contributions and expenditures; increasing the time the Alaska Public Offices Commission has to respond to a request for an advisory opinion; relating to penalties assessed for campaign finance violations; relating to complaints alleging campaign finance violations; repealing a reporting requirement for certain contributions; relating to contribution limits and recall campaigns; relating to campaign signs on private property; relating to the reporting of financial and business interests by municipal officers, former municipal officers, and candidates for municipal office; relating to reporting of contributions made after the date of the election by a candidate for the legislature; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Alaska passed a bill titled: Procurement; Construction; Contracts. Description: An Act relating to the state procurement code; establishing the construction manager general contractor procurement method; and providing for an effective date.
In 2022, Alaska passed a bill titled: Vehicle Title & Plates; Driver's Licenses. Description: An Act relating to the issuance of vehicle registration plates; relating to vehicle title applications; relating to driver's license renewal; and providing for an effective date.
In 2022, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: One License Plate Per Vehicle. Description: An Act relating to the issuance of vehicle registration plates; and providing for an effective date.
In 2022, Alaska passed a bill titled: Electronic Application For State Benefits. Description: An Act requiring the Department of Health to provide and allow submission of an electronic application for certain state benefits; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Approp: Education; Pupil Transportation. Description: An Act making appropriations for public education and transportation of students; and providing for an effective date.
In 2022, Alaska passed a bill titled: Mental Health Facilities; Meds; Patients. Description: An Act relating to crisis stabilization centers, crisis residential centers, and subacute mental health facilities; relating to evaluation facilities; relating to representation by an attorney; relating to the administration of psychotropic medication in a crisis situation; relating to the use of psychotropic medication; relating to licensed facilities; relating to psychiatric patient rights; amending Rule 6(a), Alaska Rules of Civil Procedure; and providing for an effective date.
In 2022, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Revised Program: Appropriations. Description: An Act relating to an increase of an appropriation due to additional federal or other program receipts; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Alaska passed a bill titled: Extend Fishery Resource Land. Tax Credit. Description: An Act extending the fishery resource landing tax credit for certain taxpayers that harvest fishery resources under the provisions of a community development quota; providing for an effective date by amending the effective date of secs. 16 and 23, ch. 61, SLA 2014; and providing for an effective date.
In 2022, Alaska passed a bill titled: Tribal Child Welfare Compact. Description: An Act relating to state participation in a tribal child welfare compact.
In 2022, Alaska passed a bill titled: State Agency Publications. Description: An Act relating to the elimination or modification of state agency publications that are outdated, duplicative, or excessive or that could be improved or consolidated with other publications or exclusively delivered electronically; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Alaska passed a bill titled: House Spec Committee On Ways And Means. Description: House Spec Committee On Ways And Means
In 2021, Alaska passed a bill titled: Ak Reg Econ Assist. Program; Extend. Description: An Act extending the termination date of the Alaska regional economic assistance program; and providing for an effective date.
In 2022, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Ak Community Health Aide Appreciation Day. Description: An Act establishing September 10 as Alaska Community Health Aide Appreciation Day.
In 2022, Alaska passed a bill titled: Emergency Firefighters. Description: An Act relating to emergency firefighters; and providing for an effective date.
In 2022, Alaska passed a bill titled: Pay Increases For Certain State Employees. Description: An Act relating to the compensation of certain employees of the executive branch, judicial branch, and University of Alaska; relating to the compensation of certain employees of the legislative branch; and increasing the salaries of certain attorneys and administrative law judges employed by the state.
In 2022, Alaska passed a bill titled: Muni Energy Improvemnt; Planning Comm. Description: An Act relating to municipal energy and resilience improvement assessment programs; relating to the planning commission membership apportionment requirement for first and second class boroughs; and providing for an effective date.
In 2022, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Alaska Higher Education Investment Fund. Description: An Act relating to the Alaska higher education investment trust fund; and relating to the Alaska Student Loan Corporation.
In 2022, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Political Contribution Limits. Description: An Act relating to political contributions; relating to the location of offices for the Alaska Public Offices Commission and the locations at which certain statements and reports filed with the commission are made available.
In 2022, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Access To Marijuana Conviction Records. Description: An Act restricting the release of certain records of convictions; relating to misconduct involving marijuana by persons 18, 19, or 20 years of age; amending Rule 17(h), Alaska Rules of Minor Offense Procedure; and providing for an effective date.
In 2022, Alaska passed a bill titled: Health Care Services By Telehealth. Description: An Act relating to telehealth; relating to the practice of medicine and the practice of nursing; relating to medical assistance coverage for services provided by telehealth; and providing for an effective date.
In 2022, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Driver's License Renewal:military Members. Description: An Act relating to driver's license renewal.
In 2022, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Psychologists: Licensing And Practice. Description: An Act relating to licensing of psychologists and psychological associates; and relating to the practice of psychology.
In 2022, Alaska passed a bill titled: Approp: Op Budget/loans/funds; Cap; Supp. Description: An Act making appropriations for the operating and loan program expenses of state government and for certain programs; capitalizing funds; amending appropriations; making capital appropriations, supplemental appropriations, and reappropriations; and providing for an effective date.
In 2022, Alaska passed a bill titled: Approp: Mental Health Budget. Description: An Act making appropriations for the operating and capital expenses of the state's integrated comprehensive mental health program; and providing for an effective date.
In 2022, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Ak Marijuana Industry Task Force. Description: An Act establishing the Alaska marijuana industry task force; and providing for an effective date.
In 2022, Alaska passed a bill titled: Dv Council;ak Crim Just Data Analys Comm. Description: An Act relating to the Council on Domestic Violence and Sexual Assault; establishing the Alaska Criminal Justice Data Analysis Commission; relating to the membership, powers, and duties of the Alaska Criminal Justice Data Analysis Commission; relating to the duties of the Judicial Council; and extending the termination date of the Council on Domestic Violence and Sexual Assault.
In 2022, Alaska passed a bill titled: Military Member Child Protect; Adoption. Description: An Act relating to adult adoption; relating to the duties of the Department of Family and Community Services; relating to child protection; and relating to children of active duty military members.
In 2022, Alaska passed a bill titled: Food Strategy Task Force; Loan Programs. Description: An Act establishing forgivable loan programs for farm development and improvement and for certain meat processing facilities; relating to a program of state inspection for certain meat processing facilities; establishing the Alaska Food Strategy Task Force; and providing for an effective date.
In 2022, Alaska passed a bill titled: Chugach State Park/eagle River Lions Club. Description: An Act modifying the boundary of Chugach State Park; directing the sale of land to the Eagle River Lions Club; and providing for an effective date.
In 2022, Alaska passed a bill titled: Extnd Bds Of Pharm/alcoholic Bev Control. Description: An Act extending the termination dates of the Board of Pharmacy and the Alcoholic Beverage Control Board; and providing for an effective date.
In 2022, Alaska passed a bill titled: Extend Bond Auth For Interior Energy Proj. Description: An Act relating to the financing and issuance of bonds for a liquefied natural gas production system and natural gas distribution system; and providing for an effective date.
In 2022, Alaska passed a bill titled: Dementia Awareness & Healthcare Capacity. Description: An Act relating to dementia awareness and health care capacity; and providing for an effective date.
In 2022, Alaska passed a bill titled: Ak Marine Hwy Funds, Higher Ed Inves Fund. Description: An Act relating to the Alaska marine highway system fund; relating to the Alaska marine highway system vessel replacement fund; relating to the Alaska higher education investment fund; and providing for an effective date.
In 2022, Alaska passed a bill titled: Domestic Violence/sexual Offenses/consent. Description: An Act relating to petitions for a change of name for certain persons; relating to the duty to register as a sex offender; relating to sexual offenses; relating to domestic violence; relating to the code of military justice; relating to consent; relating to the testing of sexual assault examination kits; relating to lifetime revocation of a teaching certificate for certain offenses; amending Rule 84, Alaska Rules of Civil Procedure; and providing for an effective date.
In 2022, Alaska passed a bill titled: Confidentiality Of Animal Records. Description: An Act relating to the confidentiality of certain state records relating to animals; and providing for an effective date.
In 2022, Alaska passed a bill titled: O&g Units/spacing; Cabin Permits; Land. Description: An Act relating to the establishment of oil and gas drilling units, spacing, and patterns; providing for the transfer of and addition of names to a personal use cabin permit for a cabin on state land; and providing for an effective date.
In 2022, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Naming The Insook Baik Bridge. Description: An Act naming the Bragaw Street overcrossing of the Glenn Highway the Insook Baik Bridge; naming the Congressman Don Young Bridge; and relating to signage and informational displays for the bridges.
In 2022, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Renewable Energy Grant Fund. Description: An Act relating to the renewable energy grant fund and recommendation program; and providing for an effective date.
In 2022, Alaska passed a bill titled: Broadband: Office, Grants, Parity. Description: An Act establishing the office of broadband; creating the broadband parity adjustment fund; establishing the Statewide Broadband Advisory Board; and providing for an effective date.
In 2022, Alaska passed a bill titled: Expand Adv Prc Reg Nurse, Phys Assis Auth. Description: An Act relating to advanced practice registered nurses and physician assistants; and relating to death certificates, do not resuscitate orders, and life sustaining treatment.
In 2022, Alaska passed a bill titled: Identification Of Contractor In Ads. Description: An Act relating to identification requirements for contractors and home inspectors.
In 2021, Alaska passed a bill titled: Brain Injury Awareness Month. Description: Brain Injury Awareness Month
In 2022, Alaska passed a bill titled: Muni Tax Exempt/defer; Econ Development. Description: An Act relating to municipal economic development; increasing the residential property tax exemption; relating to municipal tax exemptions and deferrals on economic development property; relating to economic development; and relating to a municipal tax exemption for certain farm structures.
In 2022, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Facilities Constituting A School. Description: An Act relating to facilities constituting a school; and providing for an effective date.
In 2022, Alaska passed a bill titled: Bonuses For Nonunion Public Employees. Description: An Act relating to the compensation of certain executive branch employees not covered by collective bargaining agreements.
In 2021, Alaska passed a bill titled: Approp: Operating; Perm Fund; Education. Description: An Act making appropriations for the operating and loan program expenses of state government and for certain programs; capitalizing funds; making capital appropriations and supplemental appropriations; and providing for an effective date.
In 2022, Alaska passed a bill titled: State Trooper Policies: Public Access. Description: An Act requiring the Department of Public Safety to publish certain policies and procedures on the department's Internet website.
In 2022, Alaska passed a bill titled: Alcoholic Beverage Control; Alcohol Reg. Description: An Act relating to alcoholic beverages; relating to the regulation of manufacturers, wholesalers, and retailers of alcoholic beverages; relating to licenses, endorsements, and permits involving alcoholic beverages; relating to common carrier approval to transport or deliver alcoholic beverages; relating to the Alcoholic Beverage Control Board; relating to offenses involving alcoholic beverages; amending Rule 17(h), Alaska Rules of Minor Offense Procedure; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Free/reduced Tuition For Essential Worker. Description: An Act establishing a grant program to provide to essential workers and laid-off workers the tuition and fees to attend certain postsecondary institutions.
In 2022, Alaska passed a bill titled: Community Property Trusts. Description: An Act relating to community property and to community property trusts; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Alaska passed a bill titled: Military Spouse Courtesy License. Description: An Act relating to temporary courtesy licenses for military spouses; and relating to the Department of Commerce, Community, and Economic Development.
In 2022, Alaska passed a bill titled: Poverty And Opportunity Task Force. Description: Poverty And Opportunity Task Force
In 2021, Alaska passed a bill titled: Extend Special Education Service Agency. Description: An Act relating to allocations for the special education service agency; extending the special education service agency; and providing for an effective date.
In 2022, Alaska passed a bill titled: Out Of State Teacher Reciprocity. Description: An Act relating to teaching certificates for teachers holding out-of-state certificates.
In 2021, Alaska passed a bill titled: License Mobile Intensive Care Paramedics. Description: An Act relating to occupational licensing of members of the military and their spouses; relating to mobile intensive care paramedics; relating to duties of the State Medical Board and the Department of Health and Social Services; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Alaska passed a bill titled: Intensive Mgmt Surcharge/repeal Term Date. Description: An Act repealing the termination date for the intensive management hunting license surcharge.
In 2021, Alaska passed a bill titled: Virtual Meetings For Corporations. Description: An Act relating to holding corporate meetings by remote communication; allowing voting by remote communication at corporate meetings; making shareholder lists available electronically; relating to for-profit and nonprofit corporations; relating to business and industrial development corporations; relating to Native corporations; relating to the Alaska Banking Code; and providing for an effective date.
In 2022, Alaska enrolled a bill titled: State Gov't Finances: Website. Description: An Act relating to the establishment and maintenance of an Internet website providing information on state government financial transactions and specifying the information to be made available on the website; and relating to the Alaska Checkbook Online Internet website.
In 2021, Alaska passed a bill titled: Industrial Hemp Program;manufacturing. Description: An Act relating to industrial hemp; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Alaska enrolled a bill titled: Est. April 24 Alaska Constitution Day. Description: An Act establishing April 24 of each year as Vic Fischer and Jack Coghill Constitution of the State of Alaska Day; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: College Credit For High School Students. Description: An Act establishing the Alaska middle college program for public school students; relating to the powers of the University of Alaska; relating to reporting requirements of the Board of Regents of the University of Alaska; and providing for an effective date.
In 2022, Alaska passed a bill titled: Seafood Product Development Tax Credit. Description: An Act relating to a fisheries product development tax credit; and providing for an effective date.
In 2022, Alaska passed a bill titled: State-tribal Education Compact Schools. Description: An Act relating to a demonstration state-tribal education compact; relating to demonstration state-tribal education compact schools; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: U Of A Regents Reporting Requirements. Description: An Act relating to reporting requirements of the Board of Regents of the University of Alaska.
In 2021, Alaska passed a bill titled: Veterans' Benefits Services; Disclosure. Description: An Act relating to veterans' benefits services and veterans' benefits appeal services.
In 2021, Alaska passed a bill titled: Vehicle Registration/persons W/disability. Description: An Act relating to special registration plates for vehicles owned by persons with disabilities.
In 2022, Alaska passed a bill titled: Homeport Icebreakers In Ak. Description: Homeport Icebreakers In Ak
In 2021, Alaska passed a bill titled: Employer Contributions To Pers. Description: An Act relating to employer contributions to the Public Employees' Retirement System of Alaska; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Alaska passed a bill titled: Liability Consulting Health Care Provider. Description: An Act relating to the elements of a claim for medical malpractice; and relating to the definition of a health care provider-patient relationship.
In 2022, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Members Leg Council; Leg Budget & Audit. Description: An Act relating to the membership of the legislative council; and relating to the membership of the Legislative Budget and Audit Committee.
In 2022, Alaska passed a bill titled: Brain Injury Awareness Month. Description: Brain Injury Awareness Month
In 2021, Alaska passed a bill titled: Exempt Renewable Energy Electric Plants. Description: An Act extending an exemption from regulation as a public utility for plants and facilities generating electricity entirely from renewable energy resources; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Alaska passed a bill titled: Opioid Overdose Drugs. Description: An Act relating to opioid overdose drugs; and providing for an effective date.
In 2022, Alaska passed a bill titled: Council On Arts: Plates & Manage Art. Description: An Act relating to special request registration plates celebrating the arts; relating to artwork in public buildings and facilities; relating to the management of artwork under the art in public places fund; relating to the powers and duties of the Alaska State Council on the Arts; establishing the Alaska arts and cultural investment fund; and providing for an effective date.
In 2022, Alaska enrolled a bill titled: Sec. School Civics Education. Description: An Act relating to civics education, civics assessments, and secondary school graduation requirements; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Alaska passed a bill titled: Abandoned Vehicles; Private Property. Description: An Act relating to vehicles abandoned on private property.
In 2022, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Public Schools: Mental Health Education. Description: An Act relating to mental health education; and providing for an effective date.
In 2022, Alaska passed a bill titled: Village Public Safety Officers, Grants. Description: An Act requiring background investigations of village public safety officer applicants by the Department of Public Safety; relating to the village public safety officer program; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Alaska passed a bill titled: Reinsurance; Credits. Description: An Act relating to credit for reinsurance; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Alaska passed a bill titled: Assisted Living Homes: House Rules. Description: An Act relating to house rules for assisted living homes.
In 2022, Alaska passed a bill titled: Search And Rescue Surplus State Property. Description: An Act relating to the right of first refusal of a volunteer search and rescue group with respect to obsolete or surplus state property.
In 2022, Alaska enrolled a bill titled: Adult Home Care; Adult Adoption. Description: An Act relating to adult adoption; relating to medical assistance for recipients of adult home care services; establishing an adult home care home license and procedures; providing for the transition of individuals from foster care to adult home care settings; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Advisory Commission On Federal Mgt Areas. Description: An Act relating to the membership of the Citizens' Advisory Commission on Federal Management Areas in Alaska; extending the termination date of the Citizens' Advisory Commission on Federal Management Areas in Alaska; and providing for an effective date.
In 2022, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Early Education; Reading Intervention. Description: An Act relating to the duties of the Department of Education and Early Development; relating to public schools and school districts; relating to early education programs; relating to funding for early education programs; relating to school age eligibility; relating to reports by the Department of Education and Early Development; relating to reports by school districts; relating to certification and competency of teachers; relating to screening reading deficiencies and providing reading intervention services to public school students enrolled in grades kindergarten through three; relating to textbooks and materials for reading intervention services; establishing a reading program in the Department of Education and Early Development; relating to the definition of 'parent' in education statutes; relating to a virtual education consortium; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Victim Definition. Description: An Act relating to the definition of 'victim.'
In 2021, Alaska passed a bill titled: Hunting Permits: Transferability. Description: An Act relating to the transferability of hunts awarded by drawing; and providing for an effective date.
In 2022, Alaska passed a bill titled: Workers' Compensation. Description: An Act relating to the presumption of compensability for a disability resulting from certain cancers in firefighters; relating to the payment of workers' compensation benefits in the case of permanent partial impairment; relating to the payment of workers' compensation death benefits; and providing for an effective date.
In 2022, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Controlled Sub. Data: Exempt Veterinarian. Description: An Act exempting veterinarians from the requirements of the controlled substance prescription database.
In 2021, Alaska passed a bill titled: Master Guide-outfitter Requirements. Description: An Act relating to master guide-outfitter qualifications for licensure; and providing for an effective date.
In 2022, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Limitations On Firearms Restrictions. Description: An Act relating to firearms and other weapons restrictions; and relating to hunter and firearm safety education.
In 2022, Alaska passed a bill titled: Common Interest Communities; Liens. Description: An Act relating to horizontal property regimes and common interest communities; and relating to mortgages, deeds of trust, and other property liens.
In 2022, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Truck Driver Appreciation Day. Description: An Act establishing the second Monday of September of each year as Truck Driver Appreciation Day.
In 2022, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Extend Alcoholic Beverage Control Board. Description: An Act extending the termination date of the Alcoholic Beverage Control Board; and providing for an effective date.
In 2022, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Prohibit Covid-19 Vaccine Discrimination. Description: An Act relating to COVID-19 immunization rights; relating to objection to the administration of a COVID-19 vaccine; relating to COVID-19 vaccination status and eligibility for health care insurance; and providing for an effective date.
In 2022, Alaska enrolled a bill titled: Political Party Definition. Description: An Act relating to the definition of 'political party'; and providing for an effective date.
In 2022, Alaska passed a bill titled: Donations/gifts For Dot&pf Signage. Description: An Act relating to program receipts; and relating to the acceptance of gifts, donations, and grants for the purpose of providing signage for assets under the control of the Department of Transportation and Public Facilities.
In 2022, Alaska enrolled a bill titled: Reject Officers Comp. Commission Report. Description: An Act disapproving the recommendations of the State Officers Compensation Commission; and providing for an effective date.
In 2022, Alaska passed a bill titled: Dentists/dental Hygienist/radiolog Equip. Description: An Act relating to the practice of dentistry; relating to dental radiological equipment; relating to the practice of dental hygiene; relating to advanced practice permits for dental hygienists; relating to dental assistants; prohibiting unfair discrimination under group health insurance against a dental hygienist who holds an advanced practice permit; relating to medical assistance for dental hygiene services; and providing for an effective date.
In 2022, Alaska passed a bill titled: Students: Allow Nat Hairstyle, Dress Code. Description: An Act relating to dress codes and natural hairstyles.
In 2022, Alaska passed a bill titled: Microreactors. Description: An Act relating to nuclear facility siting permits; and relating to microreactors.
In 2022, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Interference With Emergency Services. Description: An Act establishing the crime of interference with emergency communications.
In 2022, Alaska passed a bill titled: Minimum Wage Exemptions. Description: An Act relating to exemptions from minimum wage.
In 2022, Alaska passed a bill titled: Extend Board Of Examiners In Optometry. Description: An Act extending the termination date of the Board of Examiners in Optometry; and providing for an effective date.
In 2022, Alaska passed a bill titled: Regulatory Commn Ak; Leg Audit Division. Description: An Act extending the termination date of the Regulatory Commission of Alaska; relating to the powers and duties of the legislative audit division; and providing for an effective date.
In 2022, Alaska passed a bill titled: Extend Bd Chiropractic Examiners; Audit. Description: An Act extending the termination date of the Board of Chiropractic Examiners; requiring a report on audit compliance by the Board of Chiropractic Examiners; and providing for an effective date.
In 2022, Alaska passed a bill titled: Rampart School: Yukon-koyukuk District. Description: An Act providing that Rampart School is located within the Yukon-Koyukuk School District regional educational attendance area; and providing for an effective date.
In 2022, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Use Of Internet For Charitable Gaming. Description: An Act relating to charitable gaming online ticket sales and activities; relating to charitable gaming proceeds; and providing for an effective date.
In 2022, Alaska passed a bill titled: Extend Pt & Occupational Therapy Board. Description: An Act extending the termination date of the State Physical Therapy and Occupational Therapy Board; and providing for an effective date.
In 2022, Alaska passed a bill titled: Purple Heart Trail; Insook Baik Bridge. Description: An Act designating the Alaska marine highway system and portions of the Parks, Glenn, Seward, and Sterling Highways as a part of the State's Purple Heart Trail and relating to signage and informational displays for the trail.
In 2022, Alaska passed a bill titled: Hunting License/permit; Charitable Gaming. Description: An Act relating to charitable gaming online ticket sales and activities; relating to charitable gaming proceeds; establishing the Kenai River Freeze-Up Classic; relating to displaying fishing, hunting, and trapping licenses on an electronic device; relating to auctions or raffles for hunting harvest permits, bear viewing permits, and big game tags; and providing for an effective date.
In 2022, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Transfer Personal Use Cabin Permits. Description: An Act relating to the modification of a royalty or net profit share in an oil and gas or gas only lease; providing for the transfer of and addition of names to a personal use cabin permit for a cabin on state land; and providing for an effective date.
In 2022, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: State Ownership Of Submerged Land. Description: An Act relating to state ownership of submerged land underlying navigable water within the boundaries of and adjacent to federal areas; and providing for an effective date.
In 2022, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Pfd Allowable Absence; Application Period. Description: An Act relating to allowable absences for permanent fund dividend qualification; and providing for an effective date.
In 2022, Alaska passed a bill titled: Disapprove Washington Tax. Description: Disapprove Washington Tax
In 2022, Alaska passed a bill titled: Approve Petro Star Inc. Royalty Oil Sale. Description: An Act approving and ratifying the sale of royalty oil by the State of Alaska to Petro Star Inc.; and providing for an effective date.
In 2022, Alaska passed a bill titled: Approve Marathon Petro Royalty Oil Sale. Description: An Act approving and ratifying the sale of royalty oil by the State of Alaska to Marathon Petroleum Supply and Trading Company LLC; and providing for an effective date.
In 2022, Alaska passed a bill titled: Pwr Cost Eq: Raise, Endow Fund Investment. Description: An Act relating to the power cost equalization endowment fund; relating to power cost equalization; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Health Care Reqs; Covid-19; Telehealth. Description: An Act relating to the right of patients to have a support person present during treatment and during stays at certain facilities; relating to utilization review requirements; making temporary changes to state law in response to the novel coronavirus disease; relating to telemedicine and telehealth; relating to background checks; and providing for an effective date.
In 2021, Alaska passed a bill titled: H.sp.cmte:arctic Policy/econ Dev./tourism. Description: H.sp.cmte:arctic Policy/econ Dev./tourism
In 2021, Alaska passed a bill titled: House Special Committee On Energy. Description: House Special Committee On Energy
In 2021, Alaska passed a bill titled: House Special Committee On Fisheries. Description: House Special Committee On Fisheries
In 2021, Alaska passed a bill titled: House Special Cmte: Military/vet Affairs. Description: House Special Cmte: Military/vet Affairs
In 2021, Alaska passed a bill titled: House Special Cmte: Tribal Affairs. Description: House Special Cmte: Tribal Affairs
In 2022, Alaska passed a bill titled: Marine Debris Foundation Hq In Alaska. Description: Marine Debris Foundation Hq In Alaska
In 2022, Alaska passed a bill titled: Ak Salmon Research Task Force Act. Description: Ak Salmon Research Task Force Act
In 2021, Alaska passed a bill titled: Senate Special World Trade Committee. Description: Senate Special World Trade Committee
In 2021, Alaska passed a bill titled: Urge Governor New Disaster Declaration. Description: Urge Governor New Disaster Declaration
In 2022, Alaska passed a bill titled: Ngo Support For State Veterans. Description: Ngo Support For State Veterans
In 2022, Alaska passed a bill titled: Supporting Alaska Ocean Cluster. Description: Supporting Alaska Ocean Cluster
In 2022, Alaska passed a bill titled: Suspend Uniform Rules For Sb 65. Description: Suspend Uniform Rules For Sb 65
In 2022, Alaska passed a bill titled: Suspend Uniform Rules For Sb 21. Description: Suspend Uniform Rules For Sb 21
In 2022, Alaska passed a bill titled: Tardive Dyskinesia Awareness Week. Description: Tardive Dyskinesia Awareness Week
In 2022, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: American Heart Month. Description: American Heart Month
In 2022, Alaska passed a bill titled: Suspend Uniform Rules For Sb 45. Description: Suspend Uniform Rules For Sb 45
In 2022, Alaska passed a bill titled: Suspend Uniform Rules For Sb 190. Description: Suspend Uniform Rules For Sb 190
In 2022, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Suspend Uniform Rules For Sb 131. Description: Suspend Uniform Rules For Sb 131
In 2022, Alaska passed a bill titled: Suspend Uniform Rules For Sb 204. Description: Suspend Uniform Rules For Sb 204
In 2022, Alaska passed a bill titled: Suspend Uniform Rules For Sb 173. Description: Suspend Uniform Rules For Sb 173
In 2021, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Authorizing A Recess Longer Than 3 Days. Description: Authorizing A Recess Longer Than 3 Days
In 2021, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Suspend Uniform Rules 24a & 34c; Covid-19. Description: Suspend Uniform Rules 24a & 34c; Covid-19
In 2021, Alaska passed a bill titled: Uniform Rules; Mason's Manual. Description: Mason's Manual of Legislative Procedure
In 2022, Alaska passed a bill titled: Suspend Uniform Rules For Hjr 12. Description: Suspend Uniform Rules For Hjr 12
In 2022, Alaska passed a bill titled: Suspend Uniform Rules For Hb 76. Description: Suspend Uniform Rules For Hb 76
In 2022, Alaska passed a bill titled: Suspend Uniform Rules For Hb 36. Description: Suspend Uniform Rules For Hb 36
In 2021, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Suspend Uniform Rules For Hb 71. Description: Suspend Uniform Rules For Hb 71
In 2022, Alaska passed a bill titled: Suspend Uniform Rules For Hb 41. Description: Suspend Uniform Rules For Hb 41
In 2022, Alaska passed a bill titled: Suspend Uniform Rules For Hb 184. Description: Suspend Uniform Rules For Hb 184
In 2022, Alaska passed a bill titled: Suspend Uniform Rules For Hb 411. Description: Suspend Uniform Rules For Hb 411
In 2022, Alaska passed a bill titled: Suspend Uniform Rules For Hb 227. Description: Suspend Uniform Rules For Hb 227
In 2022, Alaska passed a bill titled: Suspend Uniform Rules For Hb 168. Description: Suspend Uniform Rules For Hb 168
In 2022, Alaska passed a bill titled: Suspend Uniform Rules For Hb 127. Description: Suspend Uniform Rules For Hb 127
In 2022, Alaska passed a bill titled: Suspend Uniform Rules For Hb 172. Description: Suspend Uniform Rules For Hb 172
In 2022, Alaska passed a bill titled: Suspend Uniform Rules For Hb 114. Description: Suspend Uniform Rules For Hb 114
In 2022, Alaska passed a bill titled: Suspend Uniform Rules For Hb 298. Description: Suspend Uniform Rules For Hb 298
In 2022, Alaska passed a bill titled: Suspend Uniform Rules For Hb 297. Description: Suspend Uniform Rules For Hb 297
In 2022, Alaska passed a bill titled: Suspend Uniform Rules For Hb 325. Description: Suspend Uniform Rules For Hb 325
In 2022, Alaska passed a bill titled: Suspend Uniform Rules For Hb 291. Description: Suspend Uniform Rules For Hb 291
In 2022, Alaska passed a bill titled: Suspend Uniform Rules For Hb 349. Description: Suspend Uniform Rules For Hb 349
In 2022, Alaska passed a bill titled: Suspend Uniform Rules For Hb 163. Description: Suspend Uniform Rules For Hb 163
In 2022, Alaska passed a bill titled: Suspend Uniform Rules For Hb 306. Description: Suspend Uniform Rules For Hb 306
In 2021, Alaska passed a bill titled: Endorsing Anwr Leasing; Related Issues. Description: Endorsing Anwr Leasing; Related Issues
In 2021, Alaska passed a bill titled: Resolution: Fed Safe Banking Act/cannabis. Description: Resolution: Fed Safe Banking Act/cannabis
In 2022, Alaska passed a bill titled: Hmong Veterans Military Rights. Description: Hmong Veterans Military Rights
In 2021, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Supporting Investment In Infrastructure. Description: Supporting Investment In Infrastructure
In 2022, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Hiring Of Apprentices/veterans. Description: Hiring Of Apprentices/veterans
In 2022, Alaska passed a bill titled: Nat'l Petroleum Reserve In Alaska. Description: Nat'l Petroleum Reserve In Alaska
In 2021, Alaska passed a bill titled: Completion Of University Land Grant. Description: Completion Of University Land Grant
In 2021, Alaska passed a bill titled: Urge Exemption For Cruise Ships. Description: Urge Exemption For Cruise Ships
In 2022, Alaska passed a bill titled: Social Security Benefit Reduction Repeal. Description: Social Security Benefit Reduction Repeal
In 2021, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Improve Broadband Internet Access. Description: Improve Broadband Internet Access
In 2022, Alaska passed a bill titled: Recognizing Alaska/canada Relationship. Description: Recognizing Alaska/canada Relationship
In 2021, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: End Russia Embargo On U.s. Seafood. Description: End Russia Embargo On U.s. Seafood
In 2021, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Increase Seafood Exports. Description: Increase Seafood Exports
In 2022, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Urge Passage Of Hearing Protection Act. Description: Urge Passage Of Hearing Protection Act
In 2022, Alaska passed a bill titled: Supporting Naming Mtn After Gail Phillips. Description: Supporting Naming Mtn After Gail Phillips
In 2022, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: End Import Of O&g From Russia. Description: End Import Of O&g From Russia
In 2022, Alaska passed a bill titled: Supporting Ukraine. Description: Supporting Ukraine
In 2019, Alaska passed a bill titled: Protective Orders. Description: An Act relating to protective orders.
In 2019, Alaska passed a bill titled: Assault; Sex Offenses; Sent. Aggravator. Description: An Act relating to assault in the first degree; relating to harassment; relating to sex offenses; relating to the definition of 'dangerous instrument'; relating to sentencing; providing for an aggravating factor at sentencing for strangulation that results in unconsciousness; relating to the duties of the prosecuting attorney; and relating to victim notifications.
In 2019, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Shared Animal And Raw Milk/products. Description: An Act relating to shared animal ownership; and relating to the sharing and sale of raw milk and raw milk products.
In 2020, Alaska passed a bill titled: Insurance Coverage For Telehealth. Description: An Act relating to insurance coverage for benefits provided through telehealth; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Workers' Comp: Death; Perm Partial Impair. Description: An Act relating to notice of workers' compensation death benefits; relating to the payment of workers' compensation benefits in the case of permanent partial impairment; relating to the payment of workers' compensation death benefits payable to a child of an employee when there is no surviving spouse; and providing for an effective date.
In 2019, Alaska passed a bill titled: Naming Scott Johnson Memorial Bridge. Description: An Act naming the Scott Johnson Memorial Bridge.
In 2019, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Conflict Of Interest: Bd Fisheries/game. Description: An Act relating to participation in matters before the Board of Fisheries and the Board of Game by the members of the respective boards; and providing for an effective date.
In 2019, Alaska passed a bill titled: Approp: Operating Budget/loans/funds. Description: An Act making appropriations for the operating and loan program expenses of state government and for certain programs; capitalizing funds; amending appropriations; making supplemental appropriations and reappropriations; and providing for an effective date.
In 2019, Alaska passed a bill titled: Approp: Mental Health Budget. Description: An Act making appropriations for the operating and capital expenses of the state's integrated comprehensive mental health program; and providing for an effective date.
In 2019, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Shellfish Projects; Hatcheries; Fees. Description: An Act relating to management of enhanced stocks of shellfish; authorizing certain nonprofit organizations to engage in shellfish enhancement projects; authorizing the Department of Fish and Game to collect fee revenue from applicants for certain salmon hatchery permits and from applicants for shellfish enhancement project permits; relating to application fees for salmon hatchery permits; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Alaska passed a bill titled: Automated Teller Machines: Fees. Description: An Act relating to fees for using an automated teller machine; and providing for an effective date.
In 2019, Alaska passed a bill titled: Crimes; Sentencing;drugs;theft; Reports. Description: An Act relating to criminal law and procedure; relating to marriage as a defense to certain crimes of sexual assault; establishing the crime of possession of motor vehicle theft tools; relating to controlled substances; relating to electronic monitoring; relating to probation and parole; relating to sentencing; amending the definitions of 'most serious felony,' 'sex offense,' and 'sex offender'; relating to registration of sex offenders; relating to the automated victim notification system; relating to reporting child abuse or neglect; relating to Alaska Native organizations; relating to the village public safety officer program; relating to cancellation of a driver's license; relating to driving while license canceled; relating to operating under the influence; relating to restoration of a driver's license; relating to refusal to submit to a chemical test; relating to the use of headlights; relating to the powers and duties of the commissioner of corrections; relating to pretrial services; relating to the duties of a prosecuting attorney; relating to testing of sexual assault examination kits; relating to reports of involuntary commitment; amending Rules 6(r)(6) and 38.2, Alaska Rules of Criminal Procedure; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Alaska passed a bill titled: Establish Hmong-american Veterans Day. Description: An Act establishing May 15 of each year as Hmong-American Veterans Day.
In 2019, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Labor Stdrs/safety; Worker Compensation. Description: An Act relating to the division of labor standards and safety; relating to the division of workers' compensation; establishing the division of workers' safety and compensation; relating to employment of a minor; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Alaska passed a bill titled: State Personnel Act: Veterans' Experience. Description: An Act relating to hiring for positions in state service based on substitution of military work experience or training for required civilian work experience or training.
In 2019, Alaska passed a bill titled: Insurer & Group Insurance Disclosure. Description: An Act relating to insurance; relating to an insurer's corporate governance; relating to insurance holding companies and insurance company holding systems; amending Rule 26, Alaska Rules of Civil Procedure, and Rules 402 and 501, Alaska Rules of Evidence; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Prohibit Voting By Facsimile. Description: An Act relating to voting by electronic transmission in a state election.
In 2019, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Liquefied Natural Gas Storage Tax Credit. Description: An Act relating to the liquefied natural gas storage facility tax credit; and providing for an effective date.
In 2019, Alaska passed a bill titled: Naming Trooper Gabe Rich Memorial Bridge. Description: An Act naming the Trooper Gabe Rich Memorial Bridge.
In 2020, Alaska passed a bill titled: Pioneers' Home And Veterans' Home Rates. Description: An Act relating to Alaska Pioneers' Home and Alaska Veterans' Home payments, rates, and services; and providing for an effective date.
In 2019, Alaska passed a bill titled: Mortgage Loan Originator Licensing. Description: An Act relating to exemptions from mortgage lender, mortgage broker, and mortgage loan originator licensing requirements; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Alaska passed a bill titled: School Bond Debt Reimbursement. Description: An Act relating to school bond debt reimbursement.
In 2020, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Military Children School Residency Waiver. Description: An Act relating to residency requirements for public school enrollment for certain children of active duty military and National Guard members.
In 2020, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Military Family Employment Preference. Description: An Act relating to private sector and state employment preferences for active service members, veterans, and spouses and dependent children of active service members and veterans; relating to employment preferences for surviving spouses of deceased service members and veterans; and relating to employment preferences for disabled veterans and former prisoners of war.
In 2020, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Absentee Voting. Description: An Act relating to absentee voting; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Aquatic Farm/hatchery Site Leases. Description: An Act relating to the renewal or extension of site leases for aquatic farming and aquatic plant and shellfish hatchery operations.
In 2019, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Funter Bay Marine Park: Unangan Cemetery. Description: An Act relating to the Funter Bay marine park unit of the state park system; relating to protection of the social and historical significance of the Unangax cemetery located in Funter Bay and providing for the amendment of the management plan for the Funter Bay marine park unit; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Electric-assisted Bicycles. Description: An Act relating to electric-assisted bicycles.
In 2020, Alaska passed a bill titled: Electronic Documents And Notarization. Description: An Act relating to the recording of documents; relating to notaries and notarization, including notarial acts performed for remotely located individuals; and providing for an effective date.
In 2019, Alaska passed a bill titled: Alaska Native Heritage Month. Description: An Act establishing November as Alaska Native Heritage Month.
In 2020, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Dental Hygienist Advanced Prac Permit. Description: An Act relating to the practice of dental hygiene; relating to advanced practice permits for dental hygienists; relating to dental assistants; prohibiting unfair discrimination under group health insurance against a dental hygienist who holds an advanced practice permit; relating to medical assistance for dental hygiene services; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Juveniles: Justice,facilites,treatment. Description: An Act relating to care of juveniles and to juvenile justice; relating to employment of juvenile probation officers by the Department of Health and Social Services; relating to terms used in juvenile justice; relating to mandatory reporters of child abuse or neglect; relating to sexual assault in the third degree; relating to sexual assault in the fourth degree; repealing a requirement for administrative revocation of a minor's driver's license, permit, privilege to drive, or privilege to obtain a license for consumption or possession of alcohol or drugs; and providing for an effective date.
In 2019, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Ak Perm. Fund Corp. Procurement Exemption. Description: An Act providing an exemption from the state procurement code for the acquisition of investment-related services for assets managed by the Board of Trustees of the Alaska Permanent Fund Corporation.
In 2020, Alaska passed a bill titled: Native Organizations Tanf Program. Description: An Act relating to Alaska Native organizations' family assistance programs.
In 2020, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Motor Vehicle Dealers: Applic.; Insurance. Description: An Act relating to an application for a license to operate as a dealer in motor vehicles; and requiring a dealer in motor vehicles to maintain liability and property insurance.
In 2019, Alaska passed a bill titled: House Special Cmte: Tribal Affairs. Description: House Special Cmte: Tribal Affairs
In 2020, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Min. Age To Possess Nicotine/ecig Product. Description: An Act raising the minimum age to purchase, sell, exchange, or possess tobacco, a product containing nicotine, or an electronic smoking product; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Sexual Assault Examination Kits: Testing. Description: Sexual Assault Examination Kits: Testing
In 2020, Alaska passed a bill titled: Extend Seismic Hazards Safety Commission. Description: An Act extending the Alaska Seismic Hazards Safety Commission; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Alaska passed a bill titled: Transportation Of Live Crab. Description: An Act relating to transportation of live crab.
In 2020, Alaska passed a bill titled: Approp: Operating Budget/loans/funds. Description: An Act making appropriations for the operating and loan program expenses of state government and for certain programs; capitalizing funds; making capital appropriations, supplemental appropriations, and reappropriations; making appropriations for the operating and capital expenses of the state's integrated comprehensive mental health program; making appropriations under art. IX, sec. 17(c), Constitution of the State of Alaska, from the constitutional budget reserve fund; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Alaska passed a bill titled: Approp: Mental Health Budget. Description: An Act making appropriations for the operating and capital expenses of the state's integrated comprehensive mental health program; making supplemental appropriations; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Renaming College Rd As Alan Boraas Rd. Description: An Act renaming College Road in Soldotna as Alan Boraas Road.
In 2020, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: State Recognition Of Tribes. Description: An Act providing for state recognition of federally recognized tribes; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Alaska passed a bill titled: Municipal Tax Credits. Description: An Act relating to a municipal air quality improvement tax credit; and relating to a municipal energy efficient construction tax credit.
In 2020, Alaska passed a bill titled: Approp:supp; Reapprop; Cap; Amend; Cbr. Description: An Act making supplemental appropriations and other appropriations; amending appropriations; capitalizing funds; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Alaska passed a bill titled: Ak Workforce Investment Board:allocations. Description: An Act relating to allocations of funding for the Alaska Workforce Investment Board; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Sport Fishing Enhancement Surcharge. Description: An Act relating to the fish and game fund; relating to a sport fishing surcharge; providing for an effective date by amending the effective date of sec. 21, ch. 18, SLA 2016; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Muni Bond Bank: Ua, Loan And Bond Limits. Description: An Act relating to the Alaska Municipal Bond Bank Authority.
In 2020, Alaska passed a bill titled: Electrician & Plumber Apprenticeships. Description: An Act relating to certificates of fitness for plumbers and electricians.
In 2020, Alaska passed a bill titled: Unemployment Benefits For Covid-19. Description: An Act relating to unemployment benefits during a period of state or national emergency resulting from a novel coronavirus disease (COVID-19) outbreak; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Alaska passed a bill titled: Confirmation Of Appointments. Description: An Act relating to the procedure for confirmation of the governor's appointments; relating to the board of the Mental Health Trust Authority; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Alaska passed a bill titled: Ratifying Rpls/covid-19 Funding. Description: An Act approving and ratifying the actions of the governor and executive branch in expending certain federal receipts and of the Legislative Budget and Audit Committee in approving the expenditure of certain federal receipts during fiscal years 2020 and 2021; and providing for an effective date.
In 2019, Alaska passed a bill titled: Approp: Era/operating/funds/other. Description: An Act making appropriations for the operating and loan program expenses of state government and for certain programs; capitalizing funds; making supplemental appropriations, reappropriations, and other appropriations; making appropriations for the operating and capital expenses of the state's integrated comprehensive mental health program; and providing for an effective date.
In 2019, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Approp: Payment Of Pfd. Description: An Act making special appropriations for the payment of permanent fund dividends; and providing for an effective date.
In 2019, Alaska passed a bill titled: Naming Willard E. Dunham Residence Hall. Description: An Act naming the Willard E. Dunham Residence Hall.
In 2019, Alaska passed a bill titled: Extend Suicide Prevention Council. Description: An Act extending the termination date of the Statewide Suicide Prevention Council; and providing for an effective date.
In 2019, Alaska passed a bill titled: Alcohol Lic: Recreational Sites; Bonds. Description: An Act relating to certain alcoholic beverage licenses and permits; relating to the bond requirement for certain alcoholic beverage license holders; and providing for an effective date.
In 2019, Alaska passed a bill titled: Approp: Capital Budget; Supplemental. Description: An Act making appropriations, including capital appropriations, supplemental appropriations, reappropriations, and other appropriations; amending appropriations; making appropriations to capitalize funds; and providing for an effective date.
In 2019, Alaska passed a bill titled: Extend Board Of Dental Examiners. Description: An Act extending the termination date of the Board of Dental Examiners; and providing for an effective date.
In 2019, Alaska passed a bill titled: Telehealth: Physician Assistants; Drugs. Description: An Act relating to the prescription of drugs by a physician assistant without physical examination; relating to prescription drugs under the medical assistance program; and providing for an effective date.
In 2019, Alaska passed a bill titled: Extend Board Of Marine Pilots. Description: An Act extending the termination date of the Board of Marine Pilots; and providing for an effective date.
In 2019, Alaska passed a bill titled: Extend Board Of Nursing. Description: An Act extending the termination date of the Board of Nursing; and providing for an effective date.
In 2019, Alaska passed a bill titled: Renewal Of Vaccine Assessment Program. Description: An Act relating to the statewide immunization program; and providing for an effective date.
In 2019, Alaska passed a bill titled: Approp: Supp; Cap; Disaster Relief. Description: An Act making supplemental appropriations for unemployment assistance, fire suppression activities, and restoration projects related to earthquake disaster relief; capitalizing funds; and providing for an effective date.
In 2019, Alaska passed a bill titled: Black History Month. Description: An Act establishing the month of February as Black History Month.
In 2019, Alaska passed a bill titled: Number Of Superior Court Judges. Description: An Act relating to the number of superior court judges in the third judicial district; and providing for an effective date.
In 2019, Alaska passed a bill titled: Extend Barber/big Game Boards; Guide Lic.. Description: An Act extending the termination date of the Board of Barbers and Hairdressers; extending the termination date of the Big Game Commercial Services Board; relating to a person's eligibility to hold a registered guide-outfitter license, master guide-outfitter license, class-A assistant guide license, assistant guide license, or transporter license; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Physical/occupational Therapy Bd/practice. Description: An Act relating to the State Physical Therapy and Occupational Therapy Board; relating to the practice of physical therapy; and relating to the practice of occupational therapy.
In 2020, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Alcoholic Beverage Control; Alcohol Reg. Description: An Act relating to alcoholic beverages; relating to the regulation of manufacturers, wholesalers, and retailers of alcoholic beverages; relating to licenses, endorsements, and permits involving alcoholic beverages; relating to common carrier approval to transport or deliver alcoholic beverages; relating to the Alcoholic Beverage Control Board; relating to offenses involving alcoholic beverages; amending Rule 17(h), Alaska Rules of Minor Offense Procedure; and providing for an effective date.
In 2019, Alaska passed a bill titled: Alaska Railroad Corp. Land Transfers. Description: An Act approving the transfer of certain Alaska Railroad Corporation land; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Alaska passed a bill titled: Appointments To Court Of Appeals. Description: An Act relating to judges of the court of appeals; and providing for an effective date.
In 2019, Alaska passed a bill titled: Fishermen's Fund:vessel Owner Benefits. Description: An Act relating to claims against protection and indemnity insurance policies of vessel owners.
In 2020, Alaska passed a bill titled: March 12: Ashley Johnson-barr Day. Description: An Act establishing March 12 of each year as Ashley Johnson-Barr Day.
In 2019, Alaska passed a bill titled: 2019 Revisor's Bill. Description: An Act making corrective amendments to the Alaska Statutes as recommended by the revisor of statutes.
In 2020, Alaska passed a bill titled: Internet For Schools. Description: An Act relating to funding for Internet services for school districts.
In 2019, Alaska passed a bill titled: Commercial Vehicle Licensing Req's. Description: An Act relating to a license to drive a commercial motor vehicle.
In 2019, Alaska passed a bill titled: Establish May 31 As Katie John Day. Description: An Act establishing May 31 of each year as Katie John Day; and providing for an effective date.
In 2019, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Initiative Severability. Description: An Act relating to proposing and enacting laws by initiative; and prohibiting the state and its agencies and corporations from spending funds to influence the outcome of certain ballot propositions and questions.
In 2020, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Telephone Cooperatives;telecommunications. Description: An Act relating to electric and telephone cooperatives; and relating to telephone service and related telecommunications services.
In 2019, Alaska passed a bill titled: Telecommunications Regulation/exemptions. Description: An Act relating to the Regulatory Commission of Alaska; relating to the public utility regulatory cost charge; relating to the regulation of telecommunications; relating to exemptions, charges, and rates applicable to telecommunications utilities; relating to regulation of telephone services; relating to exempt employees; and relating to alternate operator services.
In 2019, Alaska enrolled a bill titled: Legislature: Ethics, Conflicts. Description: An Act relating to the Legislative Ethics Act; and providing for an effective date.
In 2019, Alaska passed a bill titled: Nuyakuk River: Hydroelectric Site. Description: An Act relating to the development and operation of a hydroelectric site at the Nuyakuk River Falls; providing for the amendment of the management plan for the Wood-Tikchik State Park; and providing for an effective date.
In 2019, Alaska passed a bill titled: Medical Provider Incentives/loan Repaym't. Description: An Act relating to a workforce enhancement program for health care professionals employed in the state; and providing for an effective date.
In 2019, Alaska passed a bill titled: Alaska Railroad/state Land Transfers. Description: An Act directing the sale of certain land to the Tok Shooters Association, Inc.; approving the transfer of certain Alaska Railroad Corporation land; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Alaska enrolled a bill titled: Homeowner/renter Insurance Renewal. Description: An Act relating to renewal of insurance coverage for homeowners and renters; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Motor Fuel Tax; Ev Reg. Fee. Description: An Act relating to vehicle registration fees; and relating to the motor fuel tax.
In 2020, Alaska passed a bill titled: Alt To Arrest/crisis Centers/medication. Description: An Act establishing an alternative to arrest procedure for persons suffering from an acute behavioral health crisis; relating to emergency detention for mental health evaluation; relating to administration of psychotropic medication to a patient without the patient's informed consent; relating to licensure of crisis stabilization centers; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Alaska passed a bill titled: Electric Reliability Orgs; Telecom Co-ops. Description: An Act relating to electric and telephone cooperatives; relating to telephone service and related telecommunications services; relating to the creation and regulation of electric reliability organizations; relating to participation of electric utilities in electric reliability organizations; relating to duties of electric reliability organizations; providing for integrated resource planning; requiring project preapproval for certain interconnected large energy facilities; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Alaska passed a bill titled: Medicaid Coverage Of Lic. Counselors. Description: An Act relating to medical assistance reimbursement for the services of licensed professional counselors; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Alaska passed a bill titled: Extend Board Of Parole. Description: An Act extending the termination date of the Board of Parole; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Alaska passed a bill titled: Establish June 7 As Walter Harper Day. Description: An Act establishing June 7 of each year as Walter Harper Day.
In 2020, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Intensive Mgmt Surcharge/repeal Term Date. Description: An Act repealing the termination date for the intensive management hunting license surcharge.
In 2020, Alaska passed a bill titled: Exploration & Mining Rights; Annual Labor. Description: An Act relating to exploration and mining rights; relating to annual labor requirements with respect to mining claims and related leases; relating to statements of annual labor; defining 'labor'; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Aggravating Factor: Corrections Officer. Description: An Act providing for an aggravating factor at sentencing for contractors, volunteers, and employees of the Department of Corrections; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Alaska passed a bill titled: Extending The State Medical Board; Audit. Description: An Act extending the termination date of the State Medical Board; requiring a report on the State Medical Board's audit compliance; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Abandoned Vehicles; Private Property. Description: An Act relating to vehicles abandoned on private property.
In 2020, Alaska passed a bill titled: Bd Of Directors: Domestic Insurers. Description: An Act relating to election of a domestic insurer's board of directors.
In 2019, Alaska passed a bill titled: Nat'l. Native American Veterans Memorial. Description: Nat'l. Native American Veterans Memorial
In 2019, Alaska passed a bill titled: House Special Cmte: Military/vet Affairs. Description: House Special Cmte: Military/vet Affairs
In 2020, Alaska passed a bill titled: Extending Covid 19 Declaration/relief. Description: An Act extending the March 11, 2020, governor's declaration of a public health disaster emergency in response to the novel coronavirus disease (COVID-19) pandemic; providing for a financing plan; making temporary changes to state law in response to the COVID-19 outbreak in the following areas: standing orders of the chief medical officer; occupational and professional licensing, practice, and billing; telehealth; fingerprinting requirements for health care providers; elections in calendar year 2020; permanent fund dividend applications and eligibility; state tax filings, payments, and penalties; corporations; state and municipal government deadlines; the Alaska regional economic assistance program; Medicaid and public assistance; workers' compensation; sanitation standards for retail sellers; actions by the Regulatory Commission of Alaska; utilities and residential utility service; power cost equalization; forbearance of specified state loans; foreclosures; evictions; wills; repossessions; access to federal stabilization funds; seafood purchase and distribution; homelessness; administrative hearings; and liability for issuing, providing, or manufacturing personal protective equipment; and providing for an effective date.
In 2020, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Ratifying Rpls/covid-19 Funding. Description: An Act approving and ratifying the actions of the governor and executive branch in expending certain federal receipts and of the Legislative Budget and Audit Committee in approving the expenditure of certain federal receipts during fiscal years 2020 and 2021; and providing for an effective date.
In 2019, Alaska passed a bill titled: Approp: Pfd From Gf, Higher Ed. & Reserve. Description: An Act making a special appropriation for the payment of permanent fund dividends; and providing for an effective date.
In 2019, Alaska passed a bill titled: Approp: Capital; Supp; Other Approp. Description: An Act making appropriations, including capital appropriations, supplemental appropriations, reappropriations, and other appropriations; amending appropriations; making appropriations to capitalize funds; making appropriations for the capital expenses of the state's integrated comprehensive mental health program; making appropriations under art. IX, sec. 17(c), Constitution of the State of Alaska, from the constitutional budget reserve fund; and providing for an effective date.
In 2019, Alaska passed a bill titled: H.sp.cmte:arctic Policy/econ Dev./tourism. Description: H.sp.cmte:arctic Policy/econ Dev./tourism
In 2019, Alaska passed a bill titled: House Special Committee On Energy. Description: House Special Committee On Energy
In 2019, Alaska passed a bill titled: House Special Committee On Fisheries. Description: House Special Committee On Fisheries
In 2019, Alaska passed a bill titled: Support Ak Tribal Child Welfare Compact. Description: Support Ak Tribal Child Welfare Compact
In 2019, Alaska passed a bill titled: 2019: Int'l Year Of The Salmon. Description: 2019: Int'l Year Of The Salmon
In 2019, Alaska passed a bill titled: Reauthorize Violence Against Women Act. Description: Reauthorize Violence Against Women Act
In 2019, Alaska passed a bill titled: Rename Saginaw Bay As Skanax Bay. Description: Rename Saginaw Bay As Skanax Bay
In 2019, Alaska passed a bill titled: Supporting Road Belt Electrical Line. Description: Supporting Road Belt Electrical Line
In 2020, Alaska passed a bill titled: Support U.s. Dod Arctic Regional Center. Description: Support U.s. Dod Arctic Regional Center
In 2019, Alaska passed a bill titled: Suspend Uniform Rules For Sb 95. Description: Suspend Uniform Rules For Sb 95
In 2019, Alaska passed a bill titled: Suspend Uniform Rules For Sb 83. Description: Suspend Uniform Rules For Sb 83
In 2019, Alaska passed a bill titled: Suspend Uniform Rules For Sb 44. Description: Suspend Uniform Rules For Sb 44
In 2019, Alaska passed a bill titled: Suspend Uniform Rules For Sb 43. Description: Suspend Uniform Rules For Sb 43
In 2020, Alaska passed a bill titled: Dedicating Bettye J. Davis Committee Room. Description: Dedicating Bettye J. Davis Committee Room
In 2020, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Support Future Of Permanent Fund/dividend. Description: Support Future Of Permanent Fund/dividend
In 2020, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Suspend Uniform Rule 23 For Covid-19. Description: Suspend Uniform Rule 23 For Covid-19
In 2020, Alaska passed a bill titled: Suspend Uniform Rules For Sb 123. Description: Suspend Uniform Rules For Sb 123
In 2020, Alaska passed a bill titled: Suspend Uniform Rules For Sb 120. Description: Suspend Uniform Rules For Sb 120
In 2020, Alaska passed a bill titled: Suspending Uniform Rules For Sb 241. Description: Suspending Uniform Rules For Sb 241
In 2019, Alaska passed a bill titled: Bicameral Permanent Fund Working Group. Description: Bicameral Permanent Fund Working Group
In 2019, Alaska passed a bill titled: Authorizing A Recess Longer Than 3 Days. Description: Authorizing A Recess Longer Than 3 Days
In 2019, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Sexual Assault Awareness Month:april 2019. Description: Sexual Assault Awareness Month:april 2019
In 2019, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Suspend Uniform Rules For Hb 39. Description: Suspend Uniform Rules For Hb 39
In 2019, Alaska passed a bill titled: Suspend Uniform Rules For Hb 14. Description: dangerous instrument
In 2019, Alaska passed a bill titled: Suspend Uniform Rules For Hb 78. Description: Suspend Uniform Rules For Hb 78
In 2019, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Suspend Uniform Rules For Hb 49. Description: most serious felony," "sex offense," and "sex offender
In 2020, Alaska passed a bill titled: Establish Task Force/therapeutic Courts. Description: Establish Task Force/therapeutic Courts
In 2020, Alaska passed a bill titled: Decoration Of Honor Award: Gabriel Conde. Description: Decoration Of Honor Award: Gabriel Conde
In 2020, Alaska passed a bill titled: Suspend Uniform Rules For Hb 206. Description: Suspend Uniform Rules For Hb 206
In 2020, Alaska passed a bill titled: Suspend Uniform Rules For Hb 234. Description: Suspend Uniform Rules For Hb 234
In 2020, Alaska passed a bill titled: Authorizing Recess Longer Than 3 Days. Description: Authorizing Recess Longer Than 3 Days
In 2020, Alaska passed a bill titled: Suspend Uniform Rules For Hb 205. Description: Suspend Uniform Rules For Hb 205
In 2020, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Suspend Uniform Rules 16, 24a, 27c, & 34c. Description: Suspend Uniform Rules 16, 24a, 27c, & 34c
In 2020, Alaska passed a bill titled: Elizabeth Peratrovich Commemorative Coin. Description: Elizabeth Peratrovich Commemorative Coin
In 2019, Alaska passed a bill titled: Supporting Road Belt Electrical Line. Description: Supporting Road Belt Electrical Line
In 2019, Alaska passed a bill titled: Urging Support For Nome Deep Draft Port. Description: Urging Support For Nome Deep Draft Port
In 2019, Alaska passed a bill titled: Support 2020 Decennial Census. Description: Support 2020 Decennial Census
In 2020, Alaska passed a bill titled: Ensure Access Into Denali Park. Description: Ensure Access Into Denali Park
In 2019, Alaska passed a bill titled: Endorsing Anwr Leasing; Related Issues. Description: Endorsing Anwr Leasing; Related Issues
In 2019, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: U.s.-mexico-canada Agreement On Trade. Description: U.s.-mexico-canada Agreement On Trade
In 2019, Alaska passed a bill titled: U.s.-canada Railroad Presidential Permit. Description: U.s.-canada Railroad Presidential Permit
In 2020, Alaska engrossed a bill titled: Women's Suffrage. Description: Women's Suffrage
