Below are the bills that have been engrossed, enrolled, or passed in the state of Colorado:
In 2025, Colorado passed a bill titled: Commemoration of Martin Luther King Jr. Day. Description: Concerning the commemoration of Martin Luther King Jr. Day.
In 2025, Colorado passed a bill titled: Temporary Joint Rules. Description: Concerning the adoption of the Joint Rules as the temporary Joint Rules of the Seventy-fifth General Assembly.
In 2025, Colorado passed a bill titled: General Assembly Positions & Salary Ranges. Description: Concerning the officers and employees of the First Regular Session of the Seventy-fifth General Assembly.
In 2025, Colorado passed a bill titled: Temporary House Rules. Description: Concerning the temporary Rules of the House of Representatives.
In 2025, Colorado passed a bill titled: House Officers & Employees. Description: Concerning employees and positions for the House of Representatives convened in the First Regular Session of the Seventy-fifth General Assembly.
In 2025, Colorado passed a bill titled: Temporary Rules of the Senate. Description: Concerning the temporary Rules of the Senate.
In 2025, Colorado passed a bill titled: Senate Officers & Employees. Description: Concerning the appointment of Officers and Employees for the Senate convened in the First Regular Session of the Seventy-fifth General Assembly.
In 2025, Colorado passed a bill titled: Senate Permanent Rules. Description: Concerning the Rules of the Senate, and, in connection therewith, making the temporary Rules of the Senate of the Seventy-fifth General Assembly permanent.
In 2025, Colorado passed a bill titled: State of the State. Description: Concerning a Joint Session of the House of Representatives and the Senate for the purpose of hearing a message from His Excellency, Governor Jared Polis, and appointing a committee to escort the Governor.
In 2025, Colorado passed a bill titled: State of the Judiciary. Description: Concerning a Joint Session of the House of Representatives and the Senate for the purpose of hearing a message from the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court, and appointing a committee to escort the Chief Justice.
In 2025, Colorado passed a bill titled: Joint Session Address by Tribal Councils. Description: Concerning a Joint Session of the House of Representatives and the Senate for the purpose of hearing a message from Representatives of the Ute Mountain Ute Tribe Tribal Council and the Southern Ute Indian Tribe Tribal Council, and, in connection therewith, appointing a committee to escort the Tribal Representatives.
In 2025, Colorado passed a bill titled: Colorado Commission on Uniform State Laws Appointments. Description: Concerning the appointment of members to the Colorado commission on uniform state laws.
In 2025, Colorado engrossed a bill titled: Reproductive Rights and Justice Day. Description: Concerning the designation of January 22 as "Reproductive Rights and Justice Day".
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Memorializing Representative Hugh McKean.. Description: Memorializing Representative Hugh McKean.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Protect Personal Data Privacy. Description: Concerning additional protection of data relating to personal privacy.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Latino Advocacy Day. Description: Concerning the recognition of Latino Advocacy Day.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Cesar Chavez Day. Description: Concerning recognition of "César Chávez Day" and honoring Dolores Huerta.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Recognition Of African-American Veterans. Description: Concerning recognition of African-American veterans.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Jail Standards Commission Recommendations. Description: Concerning implementation of jail standards in Colorado, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Child Passenger Safety & Education. Description: Concerning improving child passenger safety.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Property Tax. Description: Concerning property tax.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Business Personal Property Tax Exemptions. Description: Concerning property tax relief for businesses, and, in connection therewith, expanding and extending the exemption for agricultural equipment and machinery used in controlled agricultural facilities.
In 2024, Colorado engrossed a bill titled: Adjournment Sine Die. Description: Concerning adjournment sine die of the Second Extraordinary Session of the Seventy-fourth General Assembly.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Reauthorization of Rural Jump-Start Program. Description: Concerning reauthorization of the rural jump-start zone program, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Social Work Licensure Compact. Description: Concerning the enactment of the "Social Work Licensure Compact", and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Opiate Antagonists and Detection Products in Schools. Description: Concerning measures related to harm reduction for students.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Ex-Offenders Practice in Regulated Occupations. Description: Concerning the ability of ex-offenders to receive authorization to practice in state-regulated occupations, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Assist Rural Community Wildfire-Related Grant Application. Description: Concerning assistance for rural communities to apply for wildfire-related grant money, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Prohibit Residential Occupancy Limits. Description: Concerning residential occupancy limits.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Bilingual Child Care Licensing Resources. Description: Concerning requiring the department of early childhood to provide child care licensing resources in prevalent languages, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Mortgage Servicers Disburse Insurance Proceeds. Description: Concerning mortgage servicers, and, in connection therewith, requiring mortgage servicers to take certain actions regarding the disbursement of insurance proceeds to borrowers.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Front Range Passenger Rail District Efficiency. Description: Concerning the operational efficiency of the front range passenger rail district.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Victim Programs in New Twenty-Third Judicial District. Description: Concerning victim programs in the new twenty-third judicial district.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Defined Personnel for Emergency Telephone Services. Description: Concerning emergency communication services, and, in connection therewith, defining the term "emergency communications specialist" and clarifying the scope of the currently authorized use of certain emergency telecommunications service charge revenue for training and services rendered by an emergency communications specialist, other public safety answering point personnel, and other essential emergency personnel.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Bill of Rights for Foster Youth. Description: Concerning a bill of rights for youth in foster care.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Enactment of CRS 2023. Description: Concerning the enactment of the Colorado Revised Statutes 2023 as the positive and statutory law of the state of Colorado.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Motor Vehicle Minor Driver Education Standards. Description: Concerning the training of individuals to drive motor vehicles.
In 2024, Colorado engrossed a bill titled: Publish Bill Drafts Online before Session. Description: Concerning publication of bill drafts online prior to the legislative session, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Extend Outreach Campaigns Wildfire Risk Mitigation. Description: Concerning the continuation of public outreach campaigns relating to wildfire risk mitigation in the wildland-urban interface, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Railroad Safety Requirements. Description: Concerning railroad safety, and, in connection therewith, requiring certain railroads to operate trains in a manner that minimizes the obstruction of emergency vehicles at highway-rail crossings, and, when necessary to allow an emergency vehicle to pass, separate a train; authorizing a crew member's designated union representative to request investigations of certain reported incidents; authorizing the public utilities commission to impose fines for certain violations; requiring fine revenue to be paid to the transit and rail division in the department of transportation for the purposes of maintaining and improving the safety of a passenger rail system; creating the office of rail safety; creating the community rail safety advisory committee; creating the rail industry safety advisory committee; and making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Accessibility for Persons in Child Welfare Matters. Description: Concerning measures to increase accessibility provided to persons who are involved in matters regarding a child's welfare, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Extend Wild Horse Population Management Timeline. Description: Concerning an extension of the time for implementation of the wild horse population management program.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Emergency Management Plan Individuals with Animals. Description: Concerning the needs of an individual with an animal during an emergency, and, in connection therewith, adapting emergency management plans to address the needs of an individual with an animal during an emergency and that local governments make certain information publicly available relating to an individual with an animal during an emergency.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Adult Competency to Stand Trial. Description: Concerning adult competency to stand trial.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Modernize Health Benefit Exchange Governance. Description: Concerning technical modifications to the laws governing the Colorado health benefit exchange, and, in connection therewith, modifying the criteria for membership on and the number of meetings of the Colorado health insurance exchange oversight committee, adjusting the timeline for certain reports and presentations regarding the operations of the exchange, and directing the exchange to annually present its financial and operational plans and major board actions to the committee.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Adjusting Certain Tax Expenditures. Description: Concerning the adjustment of certain tax expenditures.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Substance Use Disorders Harm Reduction. Description: Concerning reducing the harm caused by substance use disorders.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: High-Acuity Crisis for Children & Youth. Description: Concerning addressing the high-acuity crisis for children and youth in need of residential care, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Non-Legal Name Changes. Description: Concerning non-legal name changes for students in schools.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Streamline Filing Sales & Use Tax Returns. Description: Concerning the streamlining of processes for filing sales and use tax returns, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Fire & Police Pension Law Technical Corrections. Description: Concerning technical corrections to the statutes that govern fire and police pensions.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: State Contribution to Fire & Police Pension Association Death & Disability Fund. Description: Concerning payments to the statewide death and disability trust fund to pay benefits for fire and police pension association members hired before January 1, 1997.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Additional PERA Service Retirees for Schools. Description: Concerning the public employees' retirement association's limitations on employment after retirement for public school employers.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Treatment for Substance Use Disorders. Description: Concerning treatment for substance use disorders, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Child Welfare System Tools. Description: Concerning measures to enhance child welfare system tools, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Veterinary Technician Scope of Practice. Description: Concerning the scope of practice for veterinary technicians, and, in connection therewith, directing the state board of veterinary medicine to promulgate rules regarding the supervision of and the delegation of certain tasks to veterinary technicians, veterinary technician specialists, or other personnel by a licensed veterinarian and establishing a veterinary technician specialist designation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Providing Veterinary Services Through Telehealth. Description: Concerning the provision of veterinary services through telehealth.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Simplify Processes Regarding Certain Local Government Taxes. Description: Concerning the simplification of processes related to taxes imposed by local governments, and, in connection therewith, requiring local taxing jurisdictions to report to the executive director of the department of revenue information on local lodging tax and building permit-related sales or use tax information, requiring the executive director to publish that information, modifying the scope of the sales and use tax simplification task force to include simplification of local lodging tax, requiring the sales and use tax simplification task force to receive information related to the feasibility and implementation of an electronic portal for the collection and remittance of local lodging taxes, and making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Towing Carrier Regulation. Description: Concerning the regulation of businesses that obtain a permit from the public utilities commission to tow motor vehicles, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Senior Housing Income Tax Credit. Description: Concerning the reinstatement of an income tax credit to help income-qualified seniors afford housing, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Tax Policy Analysis by the Legislative Branch. Description: concerning tax policy.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Issuance of Treasurer's Deeds. Description: Concerning property subject to a property tax lien, and, in connection therewith, modernizing statutes related to the issuance of a treasurer's deed for property subject to a property tax lien to align with a federal supreme court decision.
In 2024, Colorado engrossed a bill titled: Prohibit Algorithmic Devices Used for Rent Setting. Description: Concerning prohibiting the use of an algorithmic device by a landlord for the purpose of determining the amount of rent to charge a residential tenant, and, in connection therewith, declaring that such use is an unfair or deceptive trade practice under the "Colorado Consumer Protection Act".
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Protect Privacy of Biological Data. Description: Concerning protecting the privacy of individuals' biological data, and, in connection therewith, protecting the privacy of neural data and expanding the scope of the "Colorado Privacy Act" accordingly.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Compensation for State Elected Officials. Description: Concerning compensation for state elected officials, and, in connection therewith, creating the independent state elected official pay commission and modifying the amount of per diem allowed to members of the general assembly for expenses incurred during sessions of the general assembly.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Travel Insurance Consumer Protections. Description: Concerning implementing provisions of the travel insurance model act.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Warrants for Metro Sewage Disposal Districts. Description: Concerning administrative inspection warrants for a metropolitan sewage disposal district.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Addressing Abbreviated School Days. Description: Concerning addressing the effect of abbreviated school days on children with disabilities in public schools, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Ballot Access for Candidates with Disabilities. Description: Concerning ballot access for candidates with disabilities.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Name Change to Conform with Gender Identity. Description: Concerning permitting a name change for a person convicted of a felony to conform with the person's gender identity.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Protection of Victims of Sexual Offenses. Description: Concerning increased evidentiary requirements in criminal proceedings for protection of victims of sexual assaults.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Aggravated Cruelty to Law Enforcement Animals. Description: Concerning specifications for the offense of aggravated cruelty to a law enforcement animal.
In 2024, Colorado engrossed a bill titled: Analysis of Universal Health-Care Payment System. Description: Concerning consideration of a statewide universal health-care payment system, and, in connection therewith, creating an analysis collaborative for the purpose of advising the Colorado school of public health in conducting an analysis of draft model legislation concerning a statewide universal health-care payment system and making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Purple Star School Program. Description: Concerning creating a program to recognize public schools that provide certain services to military-connected families, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Persons Detained in Jail on Emergency Commitment. Description: Concerning persons detained in jail who are held on an emergency commitment, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Regulate Sale Transfer Sodium Nitrite. Description: Concerning regulation on the sale of sodium nitrite.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: First-Generation-Serving Higher Education Institutions. Description: Concerning the designation of state institutions of higher education as first-generation-serving institutions.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Repeal & Reenact Earned Income Tax Credit Increase. Description: Concerning the repeal and reenactment of the law enacted by House Bill 23B-1002 that increased the earned income tax credit for 2023, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Operation of Denver Health & Hospital Authority. Description: Concerning the operation of the Denver health and hospital authority.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Professional Endorsement Special Education Teaching. Description: Concerning the creation of an additional pathway for educators to gain an endorsement for special education instruction.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Vehicle Electronic Notifications. Description: Concerning the use of electronic notifications for vehicle transactions, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Privacy Protections Criminal Justice Records. Description: Concerning release of identifying information in criminal justice records.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Fire-Hardened Building Materials in Real Property. Description: Concerning prohibiting restrictions on the use of fire-hardened building materials in residential real property.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Peace Officer Provisional Certification Requirements. Description: Concerning granting provisional peace officer certification to a person who was authorized as a peace officer in the armed forces.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Developer Subdivision Reservation Deposits. Description: Concerning earnest money deposits received after the real estate commission has approved a developer's subdivision registration, and, in connection therewith, allowing the use of developer subdivision earnest money deposits by accredited investors.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Increasing Protections for Minor Workers. Description: Concerning protection for minor workers in the "Colorado Youth Employment Opportunity Act of 1971", and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: School Psychologist Licensure Interstate Compact. Description: Concerning the enactment of the "School Psychologists Licensure Interstate Compact".
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Military Family Occupational Credentialing. Description: Concerning occupational credentialing for military families.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Cause Required for Eviction of Residential Tenant. Description: Concerning protections for residential tenants, and, in connection therewith, requiring cause for the eviction of a residential tenant.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Defendant Filing Fees in Evictions. Description: Concerning procedural requirements in evictions, and, in connection therewith, prohibiting certain fees for a defendant, directing courts to serve certain documents on a defendant's behalf, and making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Coroner Qualifications. Description: Concerning a requirement that a coroner be certified by the American board of medicolegal death investigators or the American board of pathology in forensic pathology.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Independent Agency Appointment Requirements. Description: Concerning requirements for individuals appointed to serve in certain independent agencies of the judicial department.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Prohibiting Term Excited Delirium. Description: Concerning prohibitions on the official use of the term "excited delirium".
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Prohibiting Firefighter Personal Information on Internet. Description: Concerning protection of firefighters' personal information from publication on the internet.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Creating the Chicano Special License Plate. Description: Concerning the creation of a special license plate to support the Chicano community, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Judicial Review of Local Land Use Decision. Description: Concerning judicial review of a local land use decision.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Insurance Commissioner Study Insurance Market. Description: Concerning a study of the market for property and casualty insurance policies issued to certain entities in Colorado, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Adopt Cosmetology Licensure Compact. Description: Concerning the adoption of the cosmetology licensure compact, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Prescription Drug Label Accessibility. Description: Concerning access to prescription drug label information, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Extend Contaminated Land Income Tax Credit. Description: Concerning the extension of the contaminated land state income tax credit.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Invertebrates & Rare Plants Parks & Wildlife Commission. Description: Concerning including certain species under the authority of the state agencies that regulate parks and wildlife, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Authority of Attorney General to Operate District Attorney's Office. Description: Concerning authorization for the attorney general to operate a district attorney's office due to a vacancy to the extent allowed by an executive order of the governor.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Multi-State Tax Filing System for Insurance Taxes. Description: Concerning the use of multi-state filing systems for insurance tax filings.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Consumer Right to Repair Digital Electronic Equipment. Description: Concerning a requirement that a manufacturer of digital electronic equipment facilitate the repair of its equipment by providing certain other persons with the resources needed to repair the manufacturer's digital electronic equipment.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Protection Orders for Victims of Crimes. Description: Concerning civil protection orders for victims of domestic-related crimes.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Discrimination in Places of Public Accomodation. Description: Concerning discrimination in places of public accommodation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Protections for Delivery Network Company Drivers. Description: Concerning protections for drivers engaged with delivery network companies, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Privacy of Biometric Identifiers & Data. Description: Concerning protecting the privacy of an individual's biometric data.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Local College Districts. Description: Concerning local college districts.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Support for Living Organ Donors. Description: Concerning comprehensive support for organ donation by living organ donors.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Criminal Record Sealing & Expungement Changes. Description: Concerning matters related to access to criminal records.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Adjustments to Tax Expenditures to Reduce Burden. Description: concerning the corporate income tax; and making the state's corporate income tax more uniform compared to other states by replacing the current combined reporting standard with the multistate tax commission's standard and modifying the computation of the receipts factor to make it more congruent with the unitary business principle.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Offenses Related to Operating a Vehicle. Description: Concerning offenses related to requirements for operating a vehicle, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Healthier Social Media Use by Youth. Description: Concerning measures to encourage healthier social media use by youth, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Implement Fraudulent Filings Group Recommendations. Description: Concerning implementing the recommendations of the fraudulent filings working group, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Death Benefit for State Employee Surviving Spouse. Description: Concerning the payment of death benefits after remarriage to a surviving spouse of a state employee who worked in a job with a high-risk classification.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Reduce Income Tax Social Security Benefits. Description: Concerning the expansion of the state income tax subtraction for social security benefits.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Construction Bidding Cost Thresholds for Department of Transportation Projects. Description: Concerning construction bidding cost thresholds for department of transportation projects.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Medicaid Provider Suspension for Organized Fraud. Description: Concerning authorizing the department of health care policy and financing to suspend a provider's enrollment if the provider is participating in an organized fraud scheme.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Candidate Election Deepfake Disclosures. Description: Concerning the use of a deepfake in a communication related to a candidate for elective office, and, in connection therewith, requiring disclosure, providing for enforcement, and creating a private cause of action for candidates.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Prior Authorization Requirements Alternatives. Description: Concerning modifications to requirements for prior authorization of benefits under health benefit plans, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: False Slates of Electors. Description: Concerning false slates of presidential electors.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Accessory Dwelling Units. Description: Concerning increasing the number of accessory dwelling units, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Physician Continuing Education. Description: Concerning continuing education requirements for physicians.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Institute Charter Schools & Bond Indebtedness. Description: Concerning school district boards' of education voluntary inclusion of institute charter schools in district ballot initiatives to contract with institute charter schools for bonded indebtedness.
In 2024, Colorado engrossed a bill titled: Management of Certain Public Safety Emergencies. Description: Concerning modifications to the statutes that guide the management of certain public safety emergencies.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Chamber of Commerce Alcohol Special Event Permit. Description: Concerning authorization to hold special events where substances that minors are prohibited from purchasing are served.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Employee-Owned Business Office & Income Tax Credit. Description: Concerning support for Colorado employee-owned businesses, and, in connection therewith, support for businesses transitioning to and in the early stages of employee ownership and making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Motor Vehicle Access Individuals with Disabilities. Description: Concerning basic access for individuals with disabilities using motor vehicles.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Free Menstrual Products to Students. Description: Concerning measures to provide menstrual products at no expense to students, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Rights for Youth Division of Youth Services Facilities. Description: Concerning the establishment of a bill of rights for youth in facilities operated by the division of youth services.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: County Revitalization Authorities. Description: Concerning county revitalization authorities.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Electric Vehicle Charging System Permits. Description: Concerning streamlining the process for permitting electric motor vehicle charging systems.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Concealed Carry Permits & Training. Description: Concerning permits to carry a concealed handgun, and, in connection therewith, establishing standards for concealed handgun training classes.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Local Goverments Rights to Property for Affordable Housing. Description: Concerning a local government right of first refusal or offer to purchase qualifying multifamily property for the purpose of providing long-term affordable housing or mixed-income development.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Behavioral Health Grant for Capital Project. Description: Concerning expanding the behavioral health-care continuum gap grant program to include a community investment grant for a new capital construction project, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: 2023 Property Tax Year Updated Abstract. Description: Concerning the creation of an updated abstract for the 2023 property tax year.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Department of Agriculture Supplemental. Description: Concerning a supplemental appropriation to the department of agriculture.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Department of Corrections Supplemental. Description: Concerning a supplemental appropriation to the department of corrections.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Department of Early Childhood Supplemental. Description: Concerning a supplemental appropriation to the department of early childhood.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Department of Education Supplemental. Description: Concerning a supplemental appropriation to the department of education.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Department of Governor, Lieutenant Governor, & Office of State Planning and Budgeting Supplemental. Description: Concerning a supplemental appropriation to the offices of the governor, lieutenant governor, and state planning and budgeting.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Department of Health Care Policy & Financing Supplemental. Description: Concerning a supplemental appropriation to the department of health care policy and financing.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Department of Higher Education Supplemental. Description: Concerning a supplemental appropriation to the department of higher education.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Department of Human Services Supplemental. Description: Concerning a supplemental appropriation to the department of human services.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Judicial Department Supplemental. Description: Concerning a supplemental appropriation to the judicial department.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Department of Labor & Employment Supplemental. Description: Concerning a supplemental appropriation to the department of labor and employment.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Department of Law Supplemental. Description: Concerning a supplemental appropriation to the department of law.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Legislative Department Supplemental. Description: Concerning a supplemental appropriation to the department of legislature.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Department of Local Affairs Supplemental. Description: Concerning a supplemental appropriation to the department of local affairs.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Department of Military Affairs Supplemental. Description: Concerning a supplemental appropriation to the department of military and veterans affairs.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Department of Natural Resources Supplemental. Description: Concerning a supplemental appropriation to the department of natural resources.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Department of Personnel Supplemental. Description: Concerning a supplemental appropriation to the department of personnel.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Department of Public Health & Environment Supplemental. Description: Concerning a supplemental appropriation to the department of public health and environment.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Department of Public Safety Supplemental. Description: Concerning a supplemental appropriation to the department of public safety.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Department of Regulatory Agencies Supplemental. Description: Concerning a supplemental appropriation to the department of regulatory agencies.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Department of Revenue Supplemental. Description: Concerning a supplemental appropriation to the department of revenue.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Department of State Supplemental. Description: Concerning a supplemental appropriation to the department of state.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Department of Transportation Supplemental. Description: Concerning a supplemental appropriation to the department of transportation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Department of Treasury Supplemental. Description: Concerning a supplemental appropriation to the department of the treasury.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Capital Construction Supplemental. Description: Concerning funding for capital construction, and making supplemental appropriations in connection therewith.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Capital Construction Information Technology. Description: Concerning funding for capital construction information technology, and making supplemental appropriations in connection therewith.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Colorado Imagination Library Program. Description: Concerning modifications to the Colorado imagination library program to enhance early childhood literacy.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: School Food Authorities. Description: Concerning including certain schools as types of school food authorities, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Adjustments to School Funding Budget Year 2023-24. Description: Concerning adjustments to school funding for the 2023-24 budget year, and, in connection therewith, reducing an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Autism Treatment Fund. Description: Concerning transfers to the autism treatment fund.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: America 250 - Colorado 150 Cash Fund. Description: Concerning creation of the America 250 - Colorado 150 cash fund.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Higher Education Longitudinal Data System Report Deadline. Description: Concerning extending the deadline for the Colorado commission on higher education's statewide longitudinal data system report, and, in connection therewith, extending a related existing appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: State Funding for Senior Services Contingency Fund. Description: Concerning the establishment of the state funding for senior services contingency reserve fund, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Board & Committee of 23rd Judicial District. Description: Concerning entities serving the new twenty-third judicial district.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: General Fund Transfer Judicial Collection Enhancement. Description: Concerning a transfer from the general fund to the judicial collection enhancement fund.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Community Crime Victims Funding. Description: Concerning community crime victims funding, and, in connection therewith, reducing and making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Transfers to the Capital Construction Fund. Description: Concerning transfers to the capital construction fund.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Supports for Youth in Juvenile Justice System. Description: Concerning multi-level supports for youth in varying stages of the juvenile justice system, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Sharing of Patient Health-Care Information. Description: Concerning the dissemination of patient health-care information, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado engrossed a bill titled: First Responder Employer Health Benefit Trusts. Description: Concerning state-funded programs for first responders through multiple employer health benefit trusts, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Workers'Compensation Disability Benefits. Description: Concerning disability benefits for workers' compensation injuries, and, in connection therewith, allowing a claimant to refuse an offer of modified employment under certain circumstances, adding the loss of an ear to the list of whole person permanent impairment benefits, increasing the two aggregate limits on temporary and permanent injury benefits and requiring the director of the division of workers' compensation to adjust the limits annually, and requiring a workers' compensation insurer to pay benefits to a claimant by direct deposit upon request by the claimant.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Update Department of Human Services Terminology. Description: Concerning updating terminology that refers to entities that administer human services programs.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Improved Access to the Child Care Assistance Program. Description: Concerning the improvement of programs that benefit working families, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: First Degree Murder Bail & Jury Selection Statute. Description: Concerning procedures in murder in the first degree cases, and, in connection therewith, an exception to the right to bail for cases of murder in the first degree when proof is evident or presumption is great.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Annual Rule Review Bill. Description: Concerning implementation of the committee on legal services' recommendations in connection with legislative review of state agencies' rules.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Corrections Officers Flexible Schedules. Description: Concerning flexible scheduling options for corrections officers that result in differences in overtime pay.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Presumptive Eligibility for Long-Term Care. Description: Concerning presumptive eligibility for persons in need of long-term services and supports.
In 2024, Colorado engrossed a bill titled: Protections for Real Property Owners. Description: Concerning protections for property owners with respect to improvements to real property.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Tax Credit Agricultural Stewardship Practices. Description: Concerning a state income tax credit for active agricultural stewardship practices, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Driving Improvement Course Driver's License Points. Description: Concerning the waiver of driver's license suspension points for successful completion of a driving improvement course.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: State Funding for Higher Education Projects. Description: Concerning state funding for four projects related to health sciences education programs for medical professions being undertaken by state institutions of higher education, and, in connection therewith, authorizing the state to issue financed purchase of an asset or certificate of participation agreements to finance a portion of capital costs associated with construction of facilities for the university of northern Colorado's college of osteopathic medicine, metropolitan state university of Denver's health institute tower, Colorado state university's veterinary health education campus, and expansion and renovation of Trinidad state college's valley campus main building, providing funding for escrow money that is required for accreditation of the university of northern Colorado's college of osteopathic medicine by transferring money from the general fund for ultimate deposit to an escrow account and reducing the state reserve by the same amount for the period during which the money is held in escrow, and making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Uniform Special Deposits Act. Description: Concerning the enactment of the "Uniform Special Deposits Act".
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Homeowners' Association Delinquency Payments Enforcement Procedures. Description: Concerning modifications to certain procedural requirements with which a unit owners' association must comply when seeking payment of delinquent amounts owed by a unit owner.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Sunset Review of High Cost Support Mechanism. Description: Concerning the continuation of high cost support mechanism funding for rural telecommunications providers, and, in connection therewith, implementing the recommendations in the 2023 sunset report by the department of regulatory agencies.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Reduce Aviation Impacts on Communities. Description: Concerning measures to reduce the impact of aviation on surrounding communities, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Women Veterans Appreciation Day. Description: Concerning the creation of "Women Veterans Appreciation Day".
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Programs for the Development of Child Care Facilities. Description: Concerning the creation of programs for the development of child care facilities, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: AmeriCorps Education Award Tax Subtraction. Description: Concerning the creation of an income tax subtraction for Segal AmeriCorps Education Awards.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Alignment of Petty Property Crime Threshold. Description: Concerning aligning the threshold for a comparable municipal offense to a state-level petty property crime for purposes of prohibiting a monetary condition of release.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Minor Autopsy Report Release Requirements. Description: Concerning the circumstances under which an autopsy report prepared in connection with the death of a minor may be released to certain parties.
In 2024, Colorado engrossed a bill titled: Fair Labor Practice Requirements for Broadband Projects. Description: Concerning requirements that projects for broadband deployment receiving money distributed by the Colorado broadband office comply with certain fair labor practices.
In 2024, Colorado engrossed a bill titled: Digital Education Materials. Description: Concerning measures to enhance the integrity of digital education materials in public schools.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Non-Testamentary Electronic Estate Planning Docs. Description: Concerning the "Uniform Non-Testamentary Electronic Estate Planning Documents Act".
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Sunset Debt-Management Service Providers. Description: Concerning the continuation of functions related to the regulation of debt-management service providers, and, in connection therewith, implementing the recommendations in the 2023 sunset report by the department of regulatory agencies.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Sunset Suicide Prevention Commission. Description: Concerning the continuation of the suicide prevention commission.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Sunset Regulation of Respiratory Therapy. Description: Concerning the continuation of the regulation of respiratory therapy, and, in connection therewith, implementing the recommendations in the 2023 sunset report by the department of regulatory agencies.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Sunset Regulation of Nontransplant Tissue Banks. Description: Concerning the continuation of the regulation of nontransplant tissue banks, and, in connection therewith, implementing recommendations contained in the 2023 sunset report by the department of regulatory agencies.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Sunset Advisory Council Parent Involvement in Education. Description: Concerning the continuation of the Colorado state advisory council for parent involvement in education, and, in connection therewith, implementing the recommendation contained in the 2023 sunset report by the department of regulatory agencies and making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Sunset Senior Dental Advisory Committee. Description: Concerning the continuation of the senior dental advisory committee.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Sunset Natural Areas Council. Description: Concerning the continuation of the Colorado natural areas council, and, in connection therewith, implementing the recommendation in the 2023 sunset report by the department of regulatory agencies.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Credit Covered Person Expenses Insurer Insolvency. Description: Concerning credit for the out-of-pocket expenses paid by a covered person when a health insurance carrier exits the market.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Price Gouging in Rent Declared Disaster. Description: Concerning price gouging in housing rental prices during a declared disaster.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Maternal Health Midwives. Description: Concerning maternal health, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Local Government Utility Relocation in Right-of-Way. Description: Concerning the relocation of utility facilities in a local government right-of-way.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Metropolitan District Covenant Enforcement Policy. Description: Concerning requiring a metropolitan district engaging in covenant enforcement activities to comply with certain policies related to covenant enforcement.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Financial Assistance for Certain Low-Income Individuals. Description: Concerning fiscal policy for the financial support of certain low-income individuals based on need, and, in connection therewith, making organizational modifications to the grants for real property tax assistance and heat or fuel expenses assistance, ending such grants for individuals with a disability beginning January 1, 2025, and creating an income tax credit for qualified individuals with a disability to claim for tax years commencing on or after January 1, 2025.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Modification of Recording Fees. Description: Concerning recording fees, and, in connection therewith, modifying fees collected by county clerk and recorders, delaying the electronic recording technology board's repeal and sunset review, and making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado engrossed a bill titled: Firearm Liability Insurance Requirement. Description: Concerning a requirement that firearm owners maintain liability insurance, and, in connection therewith, requiring insurers to make coverage available in homeowners and renters insurance policies for damages resulting from accidental or unintentional discharge of a firearm.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Sunset Colorado Fire Commission. Description: Concerning the continuation of the Colorado fire commission in accordance with the recommendation in the department of regulatory agencies' 2023 sunset report, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Sunset Continue Veterans Assistance Grant Program. Description: Concerning the continuation of the veterans assistance grant program, and, in connection therewith, implementing the recommendation in the 2023 sunset report by the department of regulatory agencies.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Sunset Continue Underfunded Courthouse Commission. Description: Concerning the continuation of the underfunded courthouse facility cash fund commission, and, in connection therewith, implementing the recommendation in the department of regulatory agencies' 2023 sunset report.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Sunset Process Commission Deaf Hard of Hearing Deafblind. Description: Concerning the continuation of the Colorado commission for the deaf, hard of hearing, and deafblind, and, in connection therewith, implementing the recommendations contained in the 2023 sunset report by the department of regulatory agencies.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Sunset Youth Restraint & Seclusion Working Group. Description: Concerning the continuation of the youth restraint and seclusion working group, and, in connection therewith, implementing the recommendation in the 2023 sunset report by the department of regulatory agencies.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Sunset Concurrent Enrollment Advisory Board. Description: Concerning the continuation of the concurrent enrollment advisory board, and, in connection therewith, implementing the recommendation in the department of regulatory agencies' 2023 sunset report.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Welcome, Reception, & Integration Grant Program. Description: Concerning the creation of a grant program for community-based organizations to provide appropriate services for migrants who are within one year of arrival in the United States, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Ninth-Grade Success Grant & Performance Reporting. Description: Concerning measures to increase the success rates of ninth-grade students in public high schools in Colorado, and, in connection therewith, making and reducing an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Secretary of State Review of Municipal Campaign Finance Complaints. Description: Concerning a requirement that the secretary of state review a campaign finance complaint that arises out of a municipal campaign finance matter under certain circumstances, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Student Weight-Based Bullying Prevention. Description: Concerning preventing bullying in public schools based on student physical appearance.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Equal Justice Fund Authority. Description: Concerning measures to increase access to the courts for indigent persons.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Earned Income Tax Credit Data Sharing. Description: Concerning means of increasing the number of claims for certain income tax credits that support children, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Student Educator Stipend Program. Description: Concerning an appropriation to reduce financial barriers for students entering the educator workforce through the student educator stipend program, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Licensed Legal Paraprofessionals. Description: Concerning a licensed legal paraprofessional's authority to represent individuals in certain domestic relations matters.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Voluntary Payroll Deductions for State Employees. Description: Concerning voluntary payroll deductions for state employees.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Mobile Homes in Mobile Home Parks. Description: Concerning mobile homes that are located in a mobile home park, and, in connection therewith, specifying legal rights and responsibilities relating to the sale, lease, and purchase of such homes and making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Creative Industry Community Revitalization Incentives. Description: Concerning community revitalization incentives for the support of creative industries, and, in connection therewith, extending the community grant revitalization program, creating an income tax credit for expenses incurred in completing infrastructure that supports creative industries and creative industry workers, and making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Tax Rate Information to Real Property Owners. Description: Concerning information to real property owners regarding property taxes, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Minimum Parking Requirements. Description: Concerning parking requirements within metropolitan planning organizations.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Changes for Concurrent Enrollment Students. Description: Concerning changes to programs to benefit students who earn postsecondary course credit while enrolled in high school.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Effective Implementation of Affordable Housing Programs. Description: concerning applications for affordable housing programs and money in and issued from the housing development grant fund; creating a process for reviewing and approving applications for all affordable housing programs by the division of housing; making modifications to the "City Housing Law" to allow a city to own or lease and manage, operate, or maintain, or contract for management, operation, or maintenance of housing projects; and specifying the requirements for an application and annual reports for purposes of a property tax exemption for a community land trust or nonprofit affordable homeownership developer for property that has been subdivided.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Use of Aircraft in Search and Rescue Operations. Description: Concerning protection for persons assisting in volunteer helicopter search and rescue operations.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Family Affordability Tax Credit. Description: Concerning the creation of a family affordability tax credit, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado engrossed a bill titled: State Income Tax Credit for Careworkers. Description: Concerning a state income tax credit for individuals in the care workforce, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Housing in Transit-Oriented Communities. Description: Concerning measures to increase the affordability of housing in transit-oriented communities, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Modification Tax Credit Preservation Historic Structures. Description: Concerning expanding the income tax credit for qualified costs incurred in preservation of historic structures, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Study on Remediation of Property Damaged by Fire. Description: Concerning a study regarding standards for the remediation of residential premises after a property has been damaged in a fire, and, in connection therewith, studying properties damaged by smoke, soot, ash, and other contaminants as a result of the fire and making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Middle-Income Housing Tax Credit. Description: Concerning the creation of a pilot program for a middle-income housing income tax credit.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Modify Rental Premises Person with Disability. Description: Concerning reasonable modifications to rental premises for an individual with a disability.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Fire Fighters License Plate Expiration on Transfer. Description: Concerning the Colorado professional fire fighters license plate, and, in connection therewith, specifying that the Colorado professional fire fighters license plate expires upon the transfer of a motor vehicle and making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Educator Safety Task Force. Description: Concerning creating a task force to study school staff safety issues, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Insurance Holding Company Model Regulation. Description: Concerning aligning the Colorado statutes with the National Association of Insurance Commissioners' financial model laws.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Medicaid Coverage Housing & Nutrition Services. Description: Concerning the department of health care policy and financing conducting a feasibility study to determine whether to seek federal authorization to provide services that address medicaid members' health-related social needs, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: School Graduation Attire. Description: Concerning the manner of dress during school graduation ceremonies.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Attorney General Restrictive Employment Agreements. Description: Concerning the attorney general's oversight of restrictive employment agreements.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Tax Credits for Quantum Industry Support. Description: Concerning the creation of tax incentives to support the quantum industry, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Bingo-Raffle Licensing Sunset Review. Description: Concerning continuation under the sunset law of the licensing of certain games of chance including bingo, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Sunset Physical Therapists. Description: Concerning the continuation of the regulation of physical therapy practice, and, in connection therewith, implementing the recommendations contained in the 2023 sunset report by the department of regulatory agencies.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Sunset Continue Money Transmitter Regulation. Description: Concerning the continuation of the regulation of money transmitters, and, in connection therewith, implementing the recommendations in the 2023 sunset report by the department of regulatory agencies.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Sunset Architects Engineers & Land Surveyors. Description: Concerning the continuation of the state board of licensure for architects, professional engineers, and professional land surveyors, and, in connection therewith, implementing the recommendations contained in the 2023 sunset report by the department of regulatory agencies.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Out-of-School Time Grant Program. Description: Concerning the creation of a grant program for eligible nonprofit organizations to provide out-of-school time programs to students, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Sunset Continue Colorado Department of Early Childhood Executive Director Rule-Making. Description: Concerning continuing the rule-making authority of the executive director of the department of early childhood, and, in connection therewith, implementing the recommendation contained in the 2023 sunset report by the department of regulatory agencies.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Sunset Continue Private Occupational Schools. Description: Concerning the continuation of the "Private Occupational Education Act of 1981", and, in connection therewith, implementing the recommendations contained in the 2023 sunset review by the department of regulatory agencies.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Broadband Service for Multiunit Buildings. Description: Concerning the authorization of a broadband provider's installation of necessary broadband infrastructure in multiunit buildings, and, in connection therewith, specifying legal obligations and rights relating to the installation of broadband infrastructure in such buildings.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Sunset Continue Mortuary Science Code Regulation. Description: Concerning the continuation of the regulation of persons related to the final disposition of deceased human bodies, and, in connection therewith, implementing the recommendations in the 2023 sunset report by the department of regulatory agencies and making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Sunset Broadband Deployment. Description: Concerning the deployment of broadband through grants administered by the Colorado broadband office, and, in connection therewith, reducing an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Real Property Owner Unit Association Collections. Description: Concerning the rights of a unit owner in a common interest community in relation to the collection of amounts owed by the unit owner to the common interest community.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Cumulative Impacts & Environmental Justice. Description: Concerning measures to advance environmental justice by reducing cumulative impacts of air pollution, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Incentives for Post-Secondary Education. Description: Concerning the creation of incentives against the state income tax for students pursuing post-secondary credentials, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: State Vehicle Idling Standard. Description: concerning idling that is at least as stringent as, but not less stringent than, the state standard.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Test Accommodations for Persons with Disabilities?. Description: Concerning testing accommodations for Coloradans with disabilities.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Sunset Plumbing Board. Description: Concerning the continuation of the state plumbing board, and, in connection therewith, implementing the recommendations in the 2023 sunset report by the department of regulatory agencies.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Sunset Human Trafficking Council. Description: Concerning the human trafficking council, and, in connection therewith, implementing the recommendation contained in the 2023 sunset report by the department of regulatory agencies, implementing certain recommendations by the human trafficking council, and making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Energy & Carbon Management Regulation. Description: Concerning energy and carbon management regulation in Colorado, and, in connection therewith, broadening the energy and carbon management commission's regulatory authority to include regulation of geologic storage operations.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: FY 2024-25 Legislative Appropriation Bill. Description: Concerning the payment of the expenses of the legislative department.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Secure Firearm Storage in a Vehicle. Description: Concerning a requirement to securely store a firearm in a vehicle.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Firearms & Ammunition Excise Tax. Description: Concerning a new excise tax related to firearms, and, in connection therewith, contingent on voter approval of the new tax and the retention by the state of all revenue generated by the new tax at the 2024 general election, levying an excise tax on the net taxable sales of gun dealers, gun manufacturers, and ammunition vendors from the retail sale in this state of any firearm, firearm precursor part, or ammunition, requiring the excise tax revenue to be spent for mental health services, including for military veterans and at-risk youth, school safety and gun violence prevention, and support services for victims of domestic violence and other violent crimes, and making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Parental Responsibilities Proceedings Child Safety. Description: Concerning standards related to court proceedings for allocation of parental responsibilities to keep children safe.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Sunset Division Banking & Board. Description: Concerning the continuation of functions related to banking, and, in connection therewith, implementing the recommendations in the 2023 sunset report from the department of regulatory agencies for the division of banking and the banking board.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Firearms Dealer Requirements & Permit. Description: Concerning requirements to engage in the business of dealing in firearms, and, in connection therewith, establishing a state firearms dealer permit and making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Require Notification of Disease Pet Care Facility. Description: Concerning requiring pet care facilities to provide notification of an infectious disease outbreak.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Measures to Reduce the Competency Wait List. Description: Concerning reducing the competency wait list, and, in connection therewith, creating a wraparound care program and making and reducing an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Sale of Unauthorized Electronic Smoking Devices. Description: Concerning prohibiting the sale of electronic smoking devices to minors, and, in connection therewith, establishing the sale of electronic smoking devices to minors as a deceptive trade practice.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Film Incentive Tax Credit. Description: Concerning the film incentive income tax credit, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Colorado Disability Opportunity Office. Description: Concerning mechanisms to support the integration of Coloradans with disabilities into their communities, and, in connection therewith, creating the Colorado disability opportunity office in the department of labor and employment, moving the Colorado disability funding committee and its functions from the department of personnel to the Colorado disability opportunity office, and making and reducing an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Measures to Incentivize Graywater Use. Description: Concerning measures to promote the use of graywater.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Education-Based Workforce Readiness. Description: Concerning measures to support education-based workforce readiness, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Opportunity Now Grants & Tax Credit. Description: Concerning regional talent development initiatives, and, in connection therewith, creating the regional talent summit grant program and an income tax credit for facility improvement and equipment acquisition costs associated with training programs designed to alleviate workforce shortages and making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Language Access Advisory Board. Description: Concerning the creation of the language access advisory board, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Colorado Agriculture Special License Plate. Description: Concerning the creation of a Colorado agriculture license plate, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Reduce Cost of Use of Natural Gas. Description: Concerning measures to reduce the cost of use of natural gas infrastructure, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: More Uniform Local Massage Facilities Regulation. Description: Concerning regulation of massage facilities by local governments in accordance with statewide requirements, and, in connection therewith, requiring a local government to establish a process that requires periodic criminal background checks for massage facility operators, owners, and employees.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Regulating Law Enforcement Use of Prone Restraint. Description: Concerning regulating the use of prone restraint by law enforcement.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Judicial Contractor Loan Forgiveness Eligibility. Description: Concerning means of ensuring that independent contractors who perform legal services on behalf of independent judicial agencies are eligible for the federal public service loan forgiveness program.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Expand Teacher Mentorships. Description: Concerning measures to increase teacher mentorships in public schools, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Court-Appointed Special Advocate Volunteers Working with Foster Youth. Description: Concerning court-appointed special advocates who work with youth in the foster youth in transition program.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Consumer Protection in Event Ticket Sales. Description: Concerning consumer protection in event ticket sales.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Regulate Dredge & Fill Activities in State Waters. Description: Concerning the regulation of state waters in response to recent federal court action, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Regulation of Debt-Related Services. Description: Concerning measures to increase consumer protections in transactions with debt-related services.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Sunset Division of Financial Services. Description: Concerning the continuation of the division of financial services in the department of regulatory agencies, and, in connection therewith, implementing the recommendations contained in the 2023 sunset report by the department of regulatory agencies.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Insurance Coverage Pediatric Neuropsychiatric Syndrome. Description: Concerning requiring health-care coverage for pediatric acute-onset neuropsychiatric syndrome, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Common Interest Community Declarations. Description: Concerning declarations that form common interest communities under the "Colorado Common Interest Ownership Act".
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Certified Community Behavioral Health Clinics. Description: Concerning applying for federal grants related to certified community behavioral health clinics.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Department of Corrections Caseload Supplemental Appropriation Request Deadline. Description: Concerning the deadline for the department of corrections to submit a request for an appropriation related to changes in caseload.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Broadband Infrastructure Cash Fund for Department of Corrections. Description: Concerning the creation of the broadband infrastructure cash fund in the state treasury to be used by the department of corrections to install broadband infrastructure at certain correctional facilities, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Preschool Programs Cash Fund. Description: Concerning modifications to the preschool programs cash fund.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Transfers to the Nurse Home Visitor Program Fund. Description: Concerning an increase in the percentage of money transferred to the nurse home visitor program fund from the tobacco litigation settlement cash fund, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: School Funding 2023-24 for New Arrival Students. Description: Concerning providing funding to schools in the 2023-24 budget year for increases in pupil enrollment after the 2023-24 budget year pupil enrollment count day, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: School Food Programs. Description: Concerning measures to support certain school food programs in the department of education, and, in connection therewith, making and reducing an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Appropriation Authority Educator Licensure Cash Fund. Description: Concerning extending the continuous appropriation authority for the educator licensure cash fund.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Cap Schools in Early High School Graduation Pilot. Description: Concerning revising the fourth-year innovation pilot program, and, in connection therewith, limiting local education provider and school participation and adding program evaluation requirements.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Accelerating Concurrent Enrollment Program Modifications. Description: Concerning measures to reduce the cost of the accelerating students through concurrent enrollment program, and, in connection therewith, making and reducing an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Mill Levy Equalization. Description: Concerning funding for charter school institute mill levy equalization, and, in connection therewith, increasing and decreasing appropriations.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Public School Capital Construction Assistance Fund Transfer Date. Description: Concerning delaying a transfer from the marijuana tax cash fund to the public school capital construction assistance fund, and, in connection therewith, reducing an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: General Fund Transfer to Advanced Industries Programs. Description: Concerning the transfer of money from the general fund to the advanced industries acceleration cash fund, and, in connection therewith, extending the "Colorado Bioscience and Clean Technology Innovation Reinvestment Act" for an additional eight years.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Creative Industries Cash Fund Transfer. Description: Concerning cash funds that provide funding for the creative industries division in the office of economic development.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Transfers to Procurement Technical Assistance Fund. Description: Concerning a transfer to the procurement technical assistance cash fund.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Discounted Care for Indigent Patients. Description: Concerning discounted care for indigent patients, and, in connection therewith, repealing the Colorado indigent care program, creating the hospital discounted care advisory committee, and addressing disproportionate share hospital payments.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Medicaid Eligibility Procedures. Description: Concerning medicaid eligibility procedures.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Appropriation to the Department of Health Care Policy and Financing for Denver Health. Description: Concerning making an appropriation to the department of health care policy and financing for payments to the Denver health and hospital authority.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Evaluation of Colorado Department of Higher Education Information Technology. Description: Concerning an evaluation of the department of higher education's information technology functions and services by the office of information technology, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Higher Education Support Homeless Youth. Description: Concerning postsecondary education support for students experiencing housing disruptions in high school, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Financial Aid Appropriation Alignment. Description: Concerning an exception for appropriations of less than two million dollars in new legislation to the requirement that appropriation increases for student financial aid align with appropriation increases to institutions of higher education.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Higher Education Special Education Services Funding Medicaid Match. Description: Concerning the increased money received pursuant to the federal "Families First Coronavirus Response Act" used for health services at the university of Colorado, and, in connection therewith, reducing an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: School-Based Mental Health Support Program. Description: Concerning the creation of the school-based mental health support program, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Community Food Assistance Provider Grant Program. Description: Concerning the creation of the community food assistance provider grant program, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Expenditures for Care Assistance Programs. Description: Concerning expenditures for care assistance programs, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Employment-Related Funding & Workforce Enterprise. Description: Concerning the funding of employment-related services in the state through the department of labor and employment, and, in connection therewith, making and reducing appropriations.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Changes to Just Transition Office. Description: Concerning administrative changes to the just transition office in the department of labor and employment.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Increase in Property Tax Exemption Filing Fees. Description: Concerning an increase in the amount of fees paid to the property tax exemption fund for filing property tax exemption forms.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Clarifications to Adjutant General's Powers. Description: Concerning clarification of the scope of the authority of the adjutant general to disburse state money for capital asset-related purposes.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Severance Tax Transfers. Description: Concerning transfers from funds that include severance tax revenue, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Repeal COVID Heroes Collaboration Fund. Description: Concerning repealing the COVID heroes collaboration fund, and, in connection therewith, transferring the balance of the fund to the general fund.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: State Employee Reserve Fund. Description: Concerning the state employee reserve fund, and, in connection therewith, transferring thirty-one million one hundred sixty thousand dollars from the state employee reserve fund to the general fund.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Create the Healthy Food Incentives Program. Description: Concerning the creation of the healthy food incentives program, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Fee Changes Health-Care Cash Funds. Description: Concerning license fees payable to health-care cash funds.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Hazardous Substance Site Response Fund Transfer. Description: Concerning the transfer of money from the hazardous substance site response fund to the hazardous substance response fund.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Transfer to Stationary Sources Control Fund. Description: Concerning a transfer of ten million dollars from the energy and carbon management cash fund to the stationary sources control fund.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Transfer to Colorado Crime Victim Services Fund. Description: Concerning the transfer of money from the general fund to the Colorado crime victim services fund.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Modifying Public Safety Program Funding. Description: Concerning modifying funding for grant programs administered by the division of criminal justice in the department of public safety, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Capital Renewal Project Cost Threshold. Description: Concerning the cost threshold of controlled maintenance projects for capital renewal.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Parks & Wildlife Cash Funds. Description: Concerning money administered by the division of parks and wildlife in the department of natural resources, and, in connection therewith, reducing an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: College Opportunity Fund Transfer to General Fund. Description: Concerning the transfer of one million four hundred ninety-six thousand dollars from the college opportunity fund to the general fund.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Transfers for Capital Construction. Description: Concerning transfers of money for capital construction.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Controlled Maintenance Trust Fund Transfer. Description: Concerning transferring the balance of the controlled maintenance trust fund to the general fund.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Public Employees' Retirement Association Study Conducted by an Actuarial Firm. Description: Concerning a requirement that the state auditor retain an actuarial firm with experience in public sector pension plans to conduct a study regarding the public employees' retirement association, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Evidence-Based Designations for Budget. Description: Concerning evidence-based designations to assist the general assembly in determining the appropriate level of funding for a program or practice.
In 2024, Colorado engrossed a bill titled: Transfer from Unused State-Owned Real Property Fund. Description: Concerning a transfer from the unused state-owned real property fund to the general fund.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: 2024-25 Long Appropriations Bill. Description: Concerning the provision for payment of the expenses of the executive, legislative, and judicial departments of the state of Colorado, and of its agencies and institutions, for and during the fiscal year beginning July 1, 2024, except as otherwise noted.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Electroconvulsive Treatment for Minors. Description: Concerning the conditions when electroconvulsive treatment may be performed on a minor.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Stable Housing for Survivors of Abuse Program. Description: Concerning the creation of a program to provide stable housing assistance for survivors of abuse, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Repeal CBI Criminal Justice Record Sealing Fee. Description: Concerning eliminating the requirement for a defendant to pay the Colorado bureau of investigation for costs related to sealing criminal justice records in the bureau's custody, and, in connection therewith, making and reducing an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Expand Affordable Housing Tax Credit. Description: Concerning an expansion to the affordable housing tax credit.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Colorado Water Conservation Board Projects. Description: Concerning the funding of Colorado water conservation board projects, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Sports Betting Tax Revenue Voter Approval. Description: Concerning the referral of a ballot issue related to the revenue from the sports betting tax, and, in connection therewith, referring a ballot issue to the voters to allow the state to keep and spend all sports betting tax revenue in excess of the twenty-nine million dollar estimated increase in state tax revenue approved by voters in 2019 for the purpose of funding water conservation and protection projects rather than refunding such excess revenue to casinos.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Prohibit Flat Fees for Defending Indigent Clients. Description: Concerning prohibiting a municipality from using specified payment structures for indigent defense services under certain circumstances.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Implement Prescription Drug Affordability Programs. Description: Concerning the implementation of certain affordable prescription drug programs, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Financial Incentives Expand Apprenticeship Programs. Description: Concerning financial incentives related to apprenticeship programs, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Property & Casualty Insurance Documents & Forms. Description: Concerning requirements for property and casualty insurers offering insurance policies in the state to provide certain documents to their insureds.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: State Board of Nursing Size Fix. Description: Concerning a technical correction to a reference to the number of members serving on the state board of nursing.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Capital Building Advisory Committee Modifications. Description: Concerning modifications to the capitol building advisory committee.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Public Trustee Fees. Description: Concerning fees to which public trustees are entitled for performing services conferred upon them by statute.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Federal Indian Boarding School Research Program. Description: Concerning the recreation of the federal Indian boarding school research program, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Probation & Parole Reporting & Fee Conditions. Description: Concerning measures related to supervision conditions.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Professional Development for Science Teachers. Description: Concerning improving resources for science educators, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado engrossed a bill titled: Transit Reform. Description: Concerning transit reform, and, in connection therewith, requiring the regional transportation district to coordinate with the Denver regional council of governments regarding route service changes, requiring the regional transportation district to provide a district retention report to the general assembly, updating the regional transportation district's land use authority, creating a subcommittee to evaluate the regional transportation district's governance and to make recommendations to the general assembly, and making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: New Public School Finance Formula. Description: Concerning the creation of a modernized approach to funding public education, and, in connection therewith, making and reducing an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Environmental Sustainability Circular Economy. Description: Concerning measures to improve sustainability services through the department of public health and environment, and, in connection therewith, updating the "Pollution Prevention Act of 1992".
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Remuneration-Exempt Identifying Placards. Description: Concerning remuneration-exempt identifying placards, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Revisor's Bill. Description: Concerning the nonsubstantive revision of statutes in the Colorado Revised Statutes, as amended, and, in connection therewith, amending or repealing obsolete, imperfect, and inoperative law to preserve the legislative intent, effect, and meaning of the law.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Include Hair Length in CROWN Act. Description: Concerning protections against discrimination based on hair length that is associated with one's race.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Airport Accessibility Requirements. Description: Concerning airport accessibility requirements.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Relocate Title 24 CLIMBER Act. Description: Concerning the relocation of the CLIMBER Act from the department of the treasury to the office of economic development.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Grace Period Noncompliance Digital Accessibility. Description: Concerning a one-year extension of the deadline for public agencies to comply with digital accessibility standards if the public agency demonstrates a good faith effort toward compliance.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Effective Date 23rd Judicial District. Description: Concerning the effective date of the twenty-third judicial district.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Increase Syphilis Testing During Pregnancy. Description: Concerning testing for syphilis during the perinatal period.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Asbestos & Lead Paint Abatement Grant Program. Description: Concerning a pilot grant program to award grants to local governments in rural areas to help pay costs associated with the abatement of dangerous materials in certain structures.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Create Division of Animal Welfare in Department of Agriculture. Description: Concerning the creation of the division of animal welfare in the department of agriculture, and, in connection therewith, making and reducing an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Birth Equity. Description: Concerning protections for birthing persons.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Exemption for College Program Completion Earned Time. Description: Concerning an exemption from the limit on earned time for earned time awarded to nonviolent offenders who complete an accredited higher education program.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Third-Party Audit Department of Corrections. Description: Concerning a third-party evaluation of the department of corrections' budget practices, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Restrictions on Tap Fees. Description: Concerning restrictions on the authority of a special district to set fees on developments.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Designation of Highway Zones. Description: Concerning the designation of highway zones wherein work affecting the highway is occurring.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Program Changes Refinance Coronavirus Recovery Funds. Description: Concerning changes related to programs funded with money the state received from the federal coronavirus state fiscal recovery fund, and, in connection therewith, changing appropriations.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Refinance Federal Coronavirus Recovery Funds. Description: Concerning exchanging money received from the federal coronavirus state fiscal recovery fund with state money, and, in connection therewith, ensuring that money received from the federal coronavirus state fiscal recovery fund is spent in accordance with deadlines established in federal law and making and reducing appropriations.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Modifications to the State Personnel Total Compensation. Description: Concerning modifications to the state employee total compensation philosophy, and, in connection therewith, requiring the director of personnel to establish a step pay system for state employees in the state personnel system.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Artificial Intelligence & Biometric Technologies. Description: Concerning the creation of the artificial intelligence impact task force.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Collections for Another Government. Description: Concerning the classification of certain collections as collections for another government for purposes of calculating state fiscal year spending pursuant to section 20 of article X of the state constitution.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Eliminate Premium Tax to Health Insurance Affordability Fund. Description: Concerning the elimination of the allocation of a portion of premium tax revenues to the health insurance affordability cash fund.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Raise Damage Limit Tort Actions. Description: Concerning matters related to certain tort actions, and, in connection therewith, increasing the cap on noneconomic damages, allowing siblings to bring a wrongful death action in certain circumstances, increasing a wrongful death damages cap, increasing the medical malpractice wrongful death damages cap, and increasing the medical malpractice noneconomic damages cap.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Continue Youth Mental Health Services Program. Description: Concerning continuation of the youth mental health services program, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Local Government Property Tax Credits Rebates. Description: Concerning the authority of a local government to establish a property tax incentive program to address an area of specific local concern related to the use of real property in the government's jurisdiction, and, in connection therewith, authorizing counties and municipalities to offer limited property tax credits or rebates to incentive program participants.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Colorado Bureau of Investigation Authority to Investigate Firearms Crimes. Description: Concerning the authority of the Colorado bureau of investigation to investigate illegal activity involving firearms, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: County Veterans Service Offices Administration. Description: Concerning the administration of county veterans service offices.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Prohibit Landscaping Practices for Water Conservation. Description: Concerning the conservation of water in the state through the prohibition of certain landscaping practices.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Pretrial Diversion Programs. Description: Concerning considering factors related to the capability to participate in the judicial process in determining whether to place a person into a pretrial diversion program.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Behavioral Health First Aid Training Program. Description: Concerning creating a behavioral health first aid training program in the office of suicide prevention, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Kinship Foster Care Homes. Description: Concerning increasing support for kinship foster care homes, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado engrossed a bill titled: Local Government Disaster-Related Programs. Description: Concerning assisting local governments in disaster-related programs, and, in connection therewith, establishing the slash removal pilot program and making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Dentist & Dental Hygienist Compact. Description: Concerning the adoption of the dentist and dental hygienist compact, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Online-Facilitated Misconduct & Remote Tracking. Description: Concerning measures to increase protection from harm caused through the use of technology.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: District Attorneys' Salaries. Description: Concerning the compensation of attorneys working in the office of a district attorney.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Seal of Climate Literacy Diploma Endorsement. Description: Concerning authorization for granting a high school diploma endorsement related to climate literacy, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Tax Credits for Contributions via Intermediaries. Description: Concerning qualification for state income tax credits for charitable contributions to nonprofit organizations, and, in connection therewith, authorizing a taxpayer to make a charitable contribution for which the taxpayer may claim a state income tax credit to a charitable recipient organization through a qualified intermediary that forwards the contribution to the charitable recipient organization, allowing a tax credit certificate for the Colorado homeless contribution tax credit to include only the last four digits, rather than all digits, of a taxpayer's social security number, and making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Distribution of State Share of District Total Program. Description: Concerning the distribution amounts made by the state to a school district during the budget year that comprise the state's share of a school district's total program.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Physician Assistant Licensure Compact. Description: Concerning the enactment of the "Physician Assistant Licensure Compact", and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Alcohol Beverage Delivery & Takeout. Description: Concerning authorization for certain persons licensed to sell alcohol beverages at retail to sell alcohol beverages for consumption off the licensed premises.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Exempt Small Communities from HOA Requirements. Description: Concerning exempting certain small communities from certain requirements of the "Colorado Common Interest Ownership Act".
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Hold Harmless for Error in GIS Database Data. Description: Concerning the requirement that local taxing jurisdictions hold harmless vendors that rely on erroneous data in certain electronic systems related to sales and use tax that are managed by the department of revenue.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Local Lodging Tax Reporting on Sales Return. Description: Concerning the standardization of local lodging tax, and, in connection therewith, aligning reporting requirements related to remittance of a local lodging tax to reporting requirements for remittance of other local taxes.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Update Local Government Sales & UseTax Collection. Description: Concerning local government sales and use taxes administered by the department of revenue, and, in connection therewith, revising, modernizing, and harmonizing various state statutes relating to the state-administration of local sales and use tax into one uniform statute.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Agriculture & Natural Resources Public Engagement Requirement. Description: Concerning a requirement that members of certain state regulatory bodies who are appointed by the governor hold meetings to elicit public engagement, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Study Metrics to Measure Criminal Justice System Success. Description: Concerning a study of how to measure the effectiveness of the criminal justice system using metrics other than recidivism.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Recidivism Definition Working Group. Description: Concerning creating a working group to develop a definition of recidivism.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Local Authority Enforce Violation of Noxious Weed Act. Description: Concerning local authority to enforce violations of laws related to the prevention of noxious weeds.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Methods to Increase the Use of Transit. Description: Concerning methods to increase the use of transit.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Increase Access to School-Based Health Care. Description: Concerning increasing access to school-based health care.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Strengthening Enforcement of Human Trafficking. Description: Concerning strengthening the enforcement of human trafficking for servitude.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Study Green Infrastructure for Water Quality Management. Description: Concerning alternative mechanisms for achieving compliance with water quality standards, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: State Funding for Senior Services. Description: Concerning reviewing the adequacy of the appropriation for state funding for senior services every three years.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Privacy Protections for Children's Online Data. Description: Concerning adding data protections for a minor's online activity.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Sickle Cell Disease Community Outreach & Services. Description: Concerning the creation of the Arie P. Taylor sickle cell disease outreach program to provide support to individuals living with sickle cell disease, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado engrossed a bill titled: Public Employees' Retirement Association Retiree Refundable Income Tax Credit. Description: Concerning the creation of a refundable income tax credit for qualifying public employees' retirement association retirees, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Modifications to Sterilization Requirements for Cats & Dogs. Description: Concerning modifications to the exemptions from the sterilization requirement under the "Pet Animal Care and Facilities Act".
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Prevention of Substance Use Disorders. Description: Concerning the prevention of substance use disorders, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Substance Use Disorders Recovery. Description: Concerning recovery from substance use disorders, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Adult Education. Description: Concerning modifications to enhance adult education in Colorado.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Racial Equity Study. Description: Concerning an evaluation of racial equity for Black Coloradans.
In 2024, Colorado engrossed a bill titled: Diabetes Prevention & Obesity Treatment Act. Description: Concerning the "Diabetes Prevention and Obesity Treatment Act".
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Agricultural & Rural Behavioral Health Care. Description: Concerning supporting the behavioral health care of individuals involved in agriculture, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Out-of-State Snowmobile Permit & Search Rescue Fee. Description: Concerning programs for off-highway vehicle users, and, in connection therewith, exempting commercial use on private property from snowmobile registration, creating an out-of-state snowmobile permit to drive on publicly owned lands, and adding the search and rescue fee to snowmobile and off-highway vehicle permits.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Landowner Liability Recreational Use Warning Signs. Description: Concerning landowner liability under the Colorado recreational use statute.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Confidentiality of Group Peer Support Services. Description: Concerning the confidentiality of discussions in a peer support setting.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Monthly Residential Eviction Data & Report. Description: Concerning requiring the judicial department to make residential eviction-related information available to the public, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Mobile Electronic Devices & Motor Vehicle Driving. Description: Concerning the use of mobile electronic devices when driving a motor vehicle, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Firearms Merchant Category Code. Description: Concerning a requirement that certain businesses with relationships with firearms merchants use the appropriate merchant category code.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Medical Aid-in-Dying. Description: Concerning end-of-life options for an individual with a terminal illness.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Clarify Individualized Education Program Information. Description: Concerning measures to clarify individualized education program information through a publicly available training program, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Remote Testing & Online Education Programs. Description: Concerning allowing online education programs to offer remote state assessment testing to students who attend online education programs, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Seasonal Outdoor Adventure Day Camp Program. Description: Concerning including seasonal outdoor adventure day camp programs in the definition of children's resident camps.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Voting for Confined Eligible Electors. Description: Concerning provisions to ensure that confined eligible electors at a county jail or detention center may vote, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Maximum Number of Employees to Qualify as Small Employer. Description: Concerning a change to the maximum number of employees that an employer may employ to qualify as a small employer for health-care insurance coverage.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Jurisdiction over United States Military Property. Description: Concerning concurrent jurisdiction over United States military property.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Transportation Network Company Transparency. Description: Concerning requirements for transportation network companies, and, in connection therewith, requiring transportation network companies to comply with transparency requirements and deactivation and suspension procedures and making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Streamline Marijuana Regulation. Description: Concerning measures to address efficiency in the regulation of existing marijuana licensees.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Outdoor Nature-Based Preschool Programs. Description: Concerning including outdoor nature-based preschool programs as a type of child care center in the department of early childhood for licensing-related matters, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Motorcycle Lane Filtering & Passing. Description: Concerning authorization for a two-wheeled motorcycle to overtake another motor vehicle in the same lane.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Transparency in Health-Care Coverage. Description: Concerning health insurance carrier price transparency requirements, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Perfluoroalkyl & Polyfluoroalkyl Chemicals. Description: Concerning measures to increase protections from perfluoroalkyl and polyfluoroalkyl chemicals.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Attorney General Duties to Prevent Mis- & Dis-information. Description: Concerning a requirement that the attorney general coordinate with the department of education in an effort to prevent the proliferation of factually inaccurate data by sharing resources to encourage respectful discourse.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Breast Cancer Screening Fund Transfer. Description: Concerning the breast and cervical cancer prevention and treatment fund, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Health Facility Topical Medication Continued Care. Description: Concerning the provision of a facility-provided topical medication to a patient for the continuity of the patient's treatment after a surgical procedure.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Firefighter Heart Benefits Trust. Description: Concerning the Colorado firefighter heart, cancer, and behavioral health benefits trust.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Continuity of Health-Care Coverage Change. Description: Concerning the continuity of health-care benefits during the transition to a new health benefit plan when the enrollees's health-care provider does not have a contract with the new health insurance carrier.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Safe Housing for Residential Tenants. Description: Concerning safe housing for residential tenants, and, in connection therewith, establishing and clarifying procedures regarding a tenant's claim of breach of the warranty of habitability.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Public Employees' Retirement Association Employment after Retirement for Rural Schools. Description: Concerning public employees' retirement association limitations on employment after retirement for a service retiree employed by a rural school.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Commercial Vehicle Highway Safety Measures. Description: Concerning commercial vehicle safety measures on Colorado highways, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Labor & Employment Statutes Technical Changes. Description: Concerning technical changes to Colorado department of labor and employment statutes.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Career & Technical Education & Apprenticeships. Description: Concerning the alignment of educational programs with registered apprenticeships, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Clarifying Environmental Response Surcharge. Description: Concerning clarifications to the fees imposed by the department of revenue related to fuel products.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Prohibit Unauthorized Use Public Safety Radio. Description: Concerning a prohibition on affiliating with a public safety radio network without authorization.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Continue Colorado Veterans' Service-to-Career Program. Description: Concerning the continuation of the Colorado veterans' service-to-career program.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Medicaid Prior Authorization Prohibition. Description: Concerning prohibiting prior authorization for antipsychotic prescription drugs used to treat a mental health condition, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Senior Primary Residence Prop Tax Reduction. Description: Concerning a reduction in the valuation for assessment of qualified-senior primary residence real property.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Safer Youth Sports. Description: Concerning measures to make youth sports safer.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Mental Health Professionals Practice Requirements. Description: Concerning requirements to practice as a mental health professional.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Discounted Care for Indigent Patients. Description: Concerning health-care billing for indigent patients receiving services not reimbursed through the Colorado indigent care program, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Eating Disorder Treatment & Recovery Programs. Description: Concerning protections for individuals with an eating disorder, and, in connection therewith, requiring an eating disorder treatment and recovery facility to hold an appropriate designation and requiring the behavioral health administration to regulate the use of involuntary feeding tubes.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Term Abandonment for Federal Classification Juvenile. Description: Concerning classifying the death of a parent as abandonment in determinations for vulnerable youth.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Updates to the Crime Victim Compensation Act. Description: Concerning updates to the "Crime Victim Compensation Act".
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Licensure of Critical Access Hospitals. Description: Concerning the creation of a separate health facility license for critical access hospitals, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Waste Tire Management Enterprise. Description: Concerning the creation of an enterprise that is exempt from the requirements of section 20 of article X of the state constitution to administer a fee-based waste tire management program, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Health-Care Coverage for Biomarker Testing. Description: Concerning requiring health-care coverage for biomarker testing.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Interstate Compact for the Placement of Children. Description: Concerning the enactment of the "Interstate Compact for the Placement of Children".
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Conservation Easement Income Tax Credit. Description: Concerning the conservation easement income tax credit, and, in connection therewith, extending the conservation easement oversight commission and the certified holder program indefinitely, increasing the limit on conservation easement income tax credits available to donors in one calendar year, allowing multiple transfers of conservation easement income tax credits, and making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Repeal Colorado Department of Transportation 2011 Recommendation Requirement. Description: Concerning the repeal of an obsolete provision that required the department of transportation to make recommendations to the general assembly by 2011.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Nonprofit Member Data Privacy & Public Agencies. Description: Concerning protecting the privacy of persons associated with nonprofit entities, and, in connection therewith, prohibiting public agencies from taking certain actions relating to the collection and disclosure of data that may identify such persons.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Prohibiting Carrying Firearms in Sensitive Spaces. Description: Concerning prohibiting carrying a firearm in sensitive spaces recognized by the United States supreme court as places at which longstanding laws prohibited carrying firearms.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Evaluation Protections & Educators. Description: Concerning extending evaluation protections to all educators.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Operation of Home-Based Businesses. Description: Concerning the operation of a home-based business in a common interest community.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Modification of State Agency & Department Reporting Requirements. Description: Concerning the modification of state agency and department reporting requirements.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Planting of Uncertified Potatoes. Description: Concerning the planting of uncertified potatoes, and, in connection therewith, requiring that uncertified potato seed stock be tested and approved by the certifying authority of Colorado before planting.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Modification of County Elected Officer Salary Categories. Description: Concerning the modification of the salary categorization of locally elected officers in specified counties.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Creation of 911 Services Enterprise. Description: Concerning the creation of the 911 services enterprise, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Out-of-State Telehealth Providers. Description: Concerning out-of-state health-care workers providing health-care services through telehealth to patients located in Colorado.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Oral Health Screening in Schools Pilot Program. Description: Concerning oral health screening in public schools, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Credential Quality Apprenticeship Classification. Description: Concerning credential assessment tools, and, in connection therewith, integrating frameworks for nondegree credential evaluation and classification into state education and workforce systems, aligning stackable credential pathways and apprenticeship programs with international classification standards, and making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Uniform Unlawful Restrictions in Land Records. Description: Concerning the enactment of the "Uniform Unlawful Restrictions in Land Records Act".
In 2024, Colorado engrossed a bill titled: Tax Credit for Qualified Renters. Description: Concerning the creation of an income tax credit to provide temporary tax relief for income-qualified renters of a primary residence in the state, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: February 29 Rare Disease Day. Description: Concerning the declaration of February 29, 2024, as Rare Disease Day.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Precipitation Harvesting Storm Water Detention. Description: Concerning allowing certain facilities to use water detained in a storm water detention and infiltration facility for precipitation harvesting.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Workers' Compensation State Employees. Description: Concerning workers' compensation insurance for state employees.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Telecommunications Security. Description: Concerning telecommunications security, and, in connection therewith, requiring the division of homeland security and emergency management within the department of public safety to promulgate rules related to the removal, discontinuance, or replacement of critical telecommunications infrastructure that utilizes equipment manufactured by a federally banned entity.
In 2024, Colorado engrossed a bill titled: Regenerative Agriculture Tax Credit. Description: Concerning an income tax credit for qualifying food and beverage retailers in the state that source ingredients from local producers practicing regenerative agriculture.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: News Access for Consumers Who Are Print-Disabled. Description: Concerning free audio news services for persons who are print-disabled, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Payment of Family & Medical Leave Benefits. Description: Concerning ensuring accurate payment of family and medical leave benefits.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Colorado Open Meetings Law for the General Assembly. Description: Concerning clarifying the application of the Colorado open meetings law to the Colorado general assembly.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Records of Workplace Discrimination Complaints. Description: Concerning records related to complaints of discriminatory workplace practices.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Parks & Wildlife Licenses & Passes. Description: Concerning parks and wildlife products, and, in connection therewith, modifying low-income senior and disabled veteran eligibility requirements for certain licenses; authorizing the parks and wildlife commission to establish, by rule, a harvest permit surcharge; and establishing procedures for hearings conducted by the commission for the denial, suspension, or revocation of a river outfitter license.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Best Practices to Prevent Discrimination in Schools. Description: Concerning best practices for responding to discriminatory conduct in schools, and, in connection therewith, developing training consistent with the best practices and making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Institution of Higher Education Transparency Requirements. Description: Concerning transparency requirements for institutions of higher education.
In 2024, Colorado engrossed a bill titled: Training for Entry-Level Health-Care Workers. Description: Concerning portable requirements for direct-care health-care workers in assisted living residences, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Remote Monitoring Services for Medicaid Members. Description: Concerning remote monitoring services for medicaid members, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: State Firefighter Public Employees' Retirement Association Job Classification. Description: Concerning public employees' retirement association job classifications for state employees whose duties relate to wildfire mitigation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: America 250 - Colorado 150 Commission. Description: Concerning the America 250 - Colorado 150 commission.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Restoration of Wolverines. Description: Concerning authorization for the restoration of the North American wolverine in the state, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Hemp Product Definition Marijuana Regulation. Description: Concerning changing the phrase "industrial hemp product" to the phrase "hemp product" in the statutes that regulate marijuana.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Regulate Mortuary Science Occupations. Description: Concerning the regulation of persons providing mortuary science services, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Sustainable Affordable Housing Assistance. Description: Concerning state support for sustainable affordable housing, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Improving Perinatal Health Outcomes. Description: Concerning measures to improve perinatal health outcomes, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Update Medicaid Member Terminology. Description: Concerning updating the terminology that refers to an individual who is enrolled in the state medical assistance program.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: History Colorado to Dispose of Storage Facility. Description: Concerning the authority of history Colorado to dispose of its north storage facility.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Duplicative Inventory of State-Owned Real Property. Description: Concerning the repeal of a duplicative requirement to maintain an inventory of nondeveloped state-owned real property.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Floodplain Management Program. Description: Concerning the establishment of a floodplain management program for development, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Repeal Colorado Digital Token Act. Description: Concerning the repeal of the "Colorado Digital Token Act".
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Immigrant Identification Document Issuance. Description: Concerning the requirements to issue an identification document under the "Colorado Road and Community Safety Act" to an individual who is not lawfully present in the United States, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Mobile Home Taxation Task Force. Description: Concerning the distraint sale of a mobile home to collect delinquent property taxes, and, in connection therewith, temporarily suspending the distraint sale of mobile homes, creating a task force on mobile home ownership and taxation, and making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Support Surface Transportation Infrastructure Development. Description: Concerning support for the development of surface transportation infrastructure, and, in connection therewith, providing funding and operational flexibility needed to support the development of transit and rail infrastructure, and making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Protections Mineral Interest Owners Forced Pooling. Description: Concerning protections for unleased mineral interest owners in the pooling of mineral interests by the Colorado energy and carbon management commission, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: County Coroner & Deputy Coroner Public Employees' Retirement Association Eligibility. Description: Concerning the classification of a coroner as a state trooper for the purpose of determining public employees' retirement association service retirement eligibility and benefits.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: CSP Authority for Judicial Center & Judges. Description: Concerning the scope of security measures for the judicial department.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Public School Finance. Description: Concerning the financing of public schools, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Gender-Related Bias-Motivated Crimes. Description: Concerning gender-related changes to crimes that involve bias.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Recognition of Latino/a Advocacy Day. Description: Concerning the recognition of Latino/a Advocacy Day.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Rail & Coal Transition Community Economic Measures. Description: Concerning economic measures related to coal transition communities, and, in connection therewith, creating an income tax credit for qualified costs incurred in the use of certain freight rail lines; creating an income tax credit for qualified costs incurred in the maintenance, operation, and improvement of certain rail lines; expanding the rural opportunity office's duties in relation to coal transition communities; allowing coal transition communities to qualify as enterprise zones and enhanced rural enterprise zones; restricting the length of contracts that allow use of the Moffat tunnel; restricting the ability to purchase real property interests of the Moffat tunnel improvement district; and making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Host Homes for Youth. Description: Concerning the operation of host homes for youth.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Motor Vehicle Lemon Law. Description: Concerning changes to the law requiring persons in the business of selling motor vehicles to make a consumer whole if the motor vehicle fails to perform, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Protect Tribal Lands from Unauthorized Annexation. Description: Concerning a requirement that any annexation of lands within the exterior boundaries of a reservation of a federally recognized Indian tribe be approved by the tribal council of the Indian tribe.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Special District Emergency Services Funding. Description: Concerning special districts that provide emergency services, and, in connection therewith, authorizing a district to impose an impact fee on certain new construction and to levy a sales tax to generate additional revenue for district services.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Protect Vulnerable Road Users. Description: Concerning protection of vulnerable road users.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Water Conservation Measures. Description: Concerning measures for the conservation of water in the state, and, in connection therewith, implementing the proposals of the Colorado river drought task force.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Regulated Natural Medicine Implementation. Description: Concerning measures to support the implementation of the state's regulated natural medicine program.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Annual Species Conservation Trust Fund Projects. Description: Concerning an appropriation for species conservation trust fund projects.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Equity, Diversity, & Inclusion in Child Welfare. Description: Concerning ways to address equity, diversity, and inclusion disparities in Colorado's child welfare system.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Increase Massage Therapy Education Program Hours. Description: Concerning an increase in the hours of work in a massage therapy program required for licensure as a massage therapist.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Assignment of Child Support Foster Youth. Description: Concerning a parent's financial obligation to cover costs of a child in out-of-home placement.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Prescription Drug Board Consider Rare Disease Advisory Council. Description: Concerning requiring the Colorado prescription drug affordability review board to consider input from the Colorado rare disease advisory council under certain circumstances.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Technical Revisions to Procurement Code. Description: Concerning technical revisions to the procurement code.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Consumer Protections for Artificial Intelligence. Description: Concerning consumer protections in interactions with artificial intelligence systems.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Capitol Complex Renovation Fund. Description: Concerning the capitol complex renovation fund.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Access to Distributed Generation. Description: Concerning access to distributed energy, and, in connection therewith, establishing requirements for the development of inclusive community solar capacity that investor-owned electric utilities must make available to utility customers, requiring the acquisition of distributed generation facilities paired with energy storage, and making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Pharmacy Practice Act. Description: Concerning changes to the pharmacy practice act relating to the dispensing of prescription drugs.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Modifications to Laws Regarding Elections. Description: Concerning modifications to laws regarding elections, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Local Govs Renewable Energy Projects. Description: Concerning measures to facilitate the construction of renewable energy projects, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Implement State Climate Goals. Description: Concerning the implementation of state climate goals, and, in connection therewith, making and reducing an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Modify Effective Date of House Bill 24-1421. Description: Concerning modification of the effective date of House Bill 24-1421.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Standards for Decisions Regarding Library Resources. Description: Concerning standards that public libraries are required to include in policies regarding library resources.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Office of Administrative Services for Independent Agencies. Description: Concerning the repeal and reenactment of the law enacted by Senate Bill 23-228 that created the office of administrative services for independent agencies in the judicial department.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Modernize Energy Distribution Systems. Description: Concerning measures to modernize energy distribution systems, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Overweight & Oversize Motor Vehicle Permits. Description: Concerning the administration of permits to operate extralegal vehicle load combinations.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Funding for Rural Health Care. Description: Concerning funding for rural health care, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: State Funding to Relocate Two State Entities. Description: Concerning state funding to facilitate the relocation of two state entities to different state buildings, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Licensing for Clinics That Provide Fertility Services. Description: Concerning licensing issues for clinics that perform services related to fertility.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Mitigate Future State Technology Debt. Description: Concerning mechanisms to manage technology life-cycle costs.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Modifications to College Kickstarter Account Program. Description: Concerning modifications to the college kickstarter account program.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Automated External Defibrillators in Public School. Description: Concerning removing the authorization for a public school to refuse a donated automated external defibrillator if the donating party does not agree to be responsible for the upkeep of the automated external defibrillator.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: TABOR Refund Mechanisms. Description: Concerning mechanisms to refund excess state revenues, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Ozone Mitigation Measures. Description: Concerning measures to mitigate ozone pollution in the state, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Oil & Gas Production Fees. Description: Concerning support for statewide remediation services that positively impact the environment.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Alcohol Beverage Liquor Advisory Group Recommendations. Description: Concerning implementing consensus recommendations of the liquor advisory group convened by the department of revenue to conduct a comprehensive review of Colorado's liquor laws, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Public Employees' Workplace Protections. Description: Concerning modifications to the protections for public workers, and, in connection therewith, clarifying certain definitions and standards related to public employee rights and the authority of a public employer to limit such rights consistent with the "Protections for Public Workers Act".
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Property Tax. Description: Concerning property tax, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: House of Representatives Committees of Reference. Description: Concerning changes to the rules of the House of Representatives regarding committees of reference.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: House Officers & Employees. Description: Concerning employees and positions for the House of Representatives convened in the Second Regular Session of the Seventy-fourth General Assembly.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Black History Month. Description: Concerning recognizing February of 2024 as Black History Month.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Rules Regarding Reading Bills & End of Session Procedures. Description: Concerning changes to the Rules of the House of Representatives affecting reading bills at length and procedures that apply at the end of a legislative session.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Access to Workplace Harassment Complaint Documents. Description: Concerning changes to the rules of the House of Representatives regarding access to documents related to a complaint under the Workplace Harassment Policy.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Senate Officers & Employees. Description: Concerning the appointment of Officers and Employees for the Senate convened in the Second Regular Session of the Seventy-fourth General Assembly.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Access to Workplace Harassment Complaint Documents. Description: Concerning changes to the rules of the Senate regarding access to documents related to a complaint under the Workplace Harassment Policy.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Single Parent Day. Description: Concerning the recognition of Single Parent Day.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Equal Rights Amendment. Description: Concerning the effort to acknowledge and enshrine in the Constitution the rights of women in the United States.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Constitutional Bail Exception First Degree Murder. Description: Submitting to the registered electors of the state of Colorado an amendment to the Colorado constitution concerning creating an exception to the right to bail for cases of murder in the first degree when proof is evident or presumption is great.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Modify Constitutional Election Deadlines. Description: Submitting to the registered electors of the state of Colorado an amendment to the Colorado constitution concerning the modification of certain deadlines in connection with specified elections.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Protecting the Freedom to Marry. Description: Submitting to the registered electors of the state of Colorado an amendment to the Colorado constitution removing the ban on same-sex marriage.
In 2024, Colorado engrossed a bill titled: Joint Session for Message from the Governor. Description: Concerning a Joint Session of the House of Representatives and the Senate for the purpose of hearing a message from His Excellency, Governor Jared Polis, and appointing a committee to escort the Governor.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Committee Oversight Responsibilities. Description: Concerning changes to the Joint Rules of the Senate and House of Representatives regarding oversight responsibilities of committees of reference.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Designate Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Memorial Highway. Description: Concerning designation of the portion of United States Highway 36 in Boulder County from Mile Marker 32 to Mile Marker 37 as the "Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Memorial Highway" by the placement of signs in each direction of travel where the designated portion of the highway begins.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Commemorate Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.. Description: Concerning the commemoration of the birthday of the Reverend Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Resolution Repairability Scores for Devices. Description: Concerning requesting that the Federal Trade Commission facilitate the use of repairability scores that indicate to consumers the repairability of electronic devices.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Designate January 29 4-H Day. Description: Concerning the designation of Colorado 4-H Day.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Military Appreciation Day. Description: Concerning recognition of Military, Veterans, and POW/MIA Appreciation Day.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Gold Star Families. Description: Concerning honoring Gold Star Families.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: U.S.S. Pueblo. Description: Concerning the fifty-sixth anniversary of the capture of the U.S.S. Pueblo by North Korea.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: World War II Anniversary. Description: Concerning honoring Colorado veterans on the seventy-ninth anniversary of the end of World War II.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Honoring African-American Veterans. Description: Concerning recognition of African-American veterans.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Tenth Mountain Division. Description: Concerning honoring the tenth mountain division of Colorado.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Honoring Military Service of Native American Veterans. Description: Concerning honoring and recognizing the military service and contributions of Native American veterans and communities.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Persian Gulf War Service Members. Description: Concerning recognition and remembrance of Colorado military veterans who served in the Persian Gulf War.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Latina and Latino Veterans. Description: Concerning recognition of the contributions of Latina and Latino veterans.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Vietnam Veterans Military Appreciation. Description: Concerning recognition and remembrance of Colorado military veterans who served in the Vietnam War.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Brigadier General Felix Sparks Memorial Bridge. Description: Concerning renaming bridge I-04-K on U.S. highway 50 over the Gunnison river as the "Brigadier General Felix Sparks Memorial Bridge".
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Grand Lake Water Clarity. Description: Concerning the water clarity of Grand Lake, Colorado's largest and deepest natural lake.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Sexual Assault Awareness Month Denim Day 2024. Description: Concerning Sexual Assault Awareness Month, and, in connection therewith, recognizing April as Sexual Assault Awareness Month and designating April 24, 2024, as Colorado Denim Day.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Direct Care Worker Appreciation Week. Description: Concerning recognizing the first full week of April 2024 as "Direct Care Worker Appreciation Week", and, in connection therewith, recognizing the first full week of every April thereafter as "Direct Care Worker Appreciation Week".
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Bill Deadline Changes. Description: Concerning changes to the deadline schedule.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: General Assembly Positions & Salary Ranges. Description: Concerning the officers and employees of the Second Regular Session of the Seventy-fourth General Assembly.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Roe v. Wade Anniversary Day. Description: Concerning the designation of January 22 as "Roe v. Wade Anniversary Day".
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Water Projects Eligibility Lists. Description: Concerning approval of water project revolving fund eligibility lists administered by the Colorado water resources and power development authority.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Missing Persons Day. Description: Concerning the designation of February 4 as "Missing Persons Day" in Colorado.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Designate Highways as Purple Heart Trail. Description: Concerning designating portions of United States Highway 24 and State Highway 67 that are in Teller County as the Purple Heart Trail.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Title X Funding. Description: Concerning funding Title X programs in Colorado.
In 2024, Colorado engrossed a bill titled: Workplace Harassment & Expectations Policies. Description: Concerning changes to the Joint Rules of the Senate and House of Representatives regarding workplace policies.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Colorado Taiwan Sister State Anniversary. Description: Concerning the recognition of Colorado's special relationship with Taiwan.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Recognize Colorado Quantum Technology Industry Contribution. Description: Concerning the recognition of Colorado's globally competitive quantum technology industry.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Colorado Aerospace Day. Description: Concerning the designation of March 4, 2024, as "Colorado Aerospace Day".
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Disability Rights in Colorado. Description: Concerning honoring disability rights in Colorado.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Joint Session Address by Tribal Councils. Description: Concerning a Joint Session of the Senate and the House of Representatives for the purpose of hearing a message from Representatives of the Ute Mountain Ute Tribe Tribal Council and the Southern Ute Indian Tribe Tribal Council, and, in connection therewith, appointing a committee to escort the Tribal Representatives.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Designate March 2024 Women's History Month. Description: Concerning the designation of March 2024 as "Women's History Month" in Colorado, and, in connection therewith, acknowledging the countless contributions women have made in history and to contemporary society.
In 2024, Colorado engrossed a bill titled: Holocaust Commemoration. Description: Concerning the commemoration of the Holocaust.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Designate April 18 Colorado Sportsmen's Day 2024. Description: Concerning the Colorado legislative sportsmen's caucus, and, in connection therewith, designating April 18, 2024, as "Sportsmen's Day".
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Designate PFC Thomas Michael Hanratty Memorial Highway. Description: Concerning designation of State Highway 78 in Pueblo County as the "PFC Thomas Michael Hanratty Memorial Highway".
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Colorado Youth Entrepreneurship Awareness Week. Description: Concerning Colorado Youth Entrepreneurship Awareness Week.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Memorialize Former Representative Alice Borodkin. Description: Memorializing former Representative Alice Borodkin.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Memorialize Former Senator Hugh C. Fowler. Description: Memorializing former Senator Hugh C. Fowler.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Memorial E Marty Hatcher. Description: Concerning memorializing former Senator E Martin "Marty" Hatcher.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Memorialize Former Senator Frederick James (Jim) Dyer. Description: Memorializing former Senator Jim Dyer.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Memorializing Senator Martha Ezzard. Description: Memorializing Senator Martha Ezzard.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Congress Fund $35 Million to Water Infrastructure Improvements for the Nation Act. Description: Memorializing congress to fully fund the authorized thirty-five million dollars to the "Water Infrastructure Improvements for the Nation Act" according to the recommendations of the Colorado River Drought Task Force.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Memorial Keith King. Description: Memorializing former Senator Keith King.
In 2024, Colorado passed a bill titled: Memorializing Senator Edward James (Jim) Dyer. Description: Memorializing former Representative and Senator Jim Dyer.
In 2023, Colorado enrolled a bill titled: Emergency Rental Assistance Grant Program. Description: Concerning the creation of the emergency rental assistance grant program within the department of local affairs for the purpose of providing emergency rental assistance during the 2023-2024 state fiscal year.
In 2023, Colorado enrolled a bill titled: Increased Earned Income Tax Credit 2023. Description: Concerning an increase in the earned income tax credit for income tax year 2023, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado enrolled a bill titled: Property Tax Task Force. Description: Concerning the creation of the commission on property tax, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado enrolled a bill titled: Appropriation For Department Of Treasury. Description: Concerning an appropriation to the department of the treasury to support the administration of the property tax deferral program during the 2023-24 state fiscal year.
In 2023, Colorado engrossed a bill titled: Summer Electronic BenefitsTransfer Program. Description: Concerning creating a program to provide food benefits to students from low-income households during summer months, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado enrolled a bill titled: Identical TABOR Refund. Description: Concerning the creation of an identical refund payment of excess state revenues from all sources as a mechanism to refund a portion of the excess state revenues for the 2022-23 state fiscal year only.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Expanding Assistance For Educator Programs. Description: Concerning expanding financial assistance for educator programs.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Epinephrine Auto-injectors. Description: Concerning the affordability of epinephrine auto-injectors, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: School Mental Health Assessment. Description: Concerning the creation of the "Sixth Through Twelfth Grade Mental Health Screening Act", and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Language Access In Insurance Documents. Description: Concerning requirements regarding the language used in certain insurance documents.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: New Energy Improvement Program Changes. Description: Concerning changes to the new energy improvement program, and, in connection therewith, adding resiliency improvements and water efficiency improvements to the program, modifying the new energy improvement district's notice requirements, and removing the district's hearing requirement.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Employer Notice Of Income Tax Credits. Description: Concerning the notice requirements of employers regarding income tax credits, and, in connection therewith, requiring employers to notify employees of the availability of the federal earned income tax credit, the state earned income tax credit, the federal child tax credit, and the state child tax credit.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Higher Education Crisis And Suicide Prevention. Description: Concerning crisis services information on student identification cards.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Food Accessibility. Description: Concerning tax policies related to the accessibility of food, and, in connection therewith, requiring additions to Colorado taxable income in amounts equal to the business meals federal itemized deduction, creating a tax credit to support the small business recovery and resilience grant program, providing funding for healthy eating program incentives, and making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Secondary School Student Substance Use. Description: Concerning measures to improve services for students who use substances, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Consumer Right To Repair Agricultural Equipment. Description: Concerning a requirement that an agricultural equipment manufacturer facilitate the repair of its equipment by providing certain other persons with the resources needed to repair the manufacturer's agricultural equipment.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Juvenile Competency To Proceed. Description: Concerning issues related to juvenile competency to proceed, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Use Of Restrictive Practices In Prisons. Description: Concerning measures to regulate the use of restrictive practices on individuals in correctional facilities, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Yield To Larger Vehicles In Roundabouts. Description: Concerning yielding to larger vehicles in roundabouts.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Taxation Tobacco Products Remote Retail Sellers. Description: Concerning the taxation of tobacco products.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Electronic Sales And Use Tax Simplification System. Description: Concerning improvements to the electronic sales and use tax simplification system, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Judicial Discipline Procedures And Reporting. Description: Concerning judicial discipline, and, in connection therewith, ensuring complainant rights in judicial discipline proceedings and making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado engrossed a bill titled: Social Equity Licenses In Regulated Marijuana. Description: Concerning social equity licenses in the regulated marijuana business, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Embargo And Destroy Marijuana. Description: Concerning the state licensing authority's ability to act regarding the movement of marijuana in certain circumstances to protect the public.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Registration Of Vehicles In Rental Fleets. Description: Concerning registration of fleet vehicles that are part of rental vehicle fleets, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Special District Construction Contracts. Description: Concerning the dollar amount of a special district contract that requires notice for bids.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Relative And Kin Placement Of A Child. Description: Concerning measures to increase family resiliency through providing greater supports and protections for children placed with kin, including relatives, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Charter School Application Timelines. Description: Concerning extension of charter school applications.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Family Time For Grandparents. Description: Concerning family time for grandparents.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Parent And Child Family Time. Description: Concerning family time provided pursuant to the children's code, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Prohibit Direct-hire Fee Health-care Staff Agency. Description: Concerning a prohibition against requiring compensation to a health-care staffing agency if a contracted health-care facility hires the health-care staffing agency's employee as a permanent employee of the health-care facility.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Mental Health Professionals Reporting Exemption. Description: Concerning an exemption for mental health professionals from requirements to report information about individuals with a sexually transmitted infection to public health entities.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Remedies Persons With Disabilities. Description: Concerning civil action remedy provisions for civil rights violations of persons with disabilities.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Alternate Defense Counsel Contracts. Description: Concerning persons with whom the office of alternate defense counsel may contract.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Measures To Expand Postconviction DNA Testing. Description: Concerning measures to expand postconviction DNA testing.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Nontoxic Bullet Replacement Hunting Program. Description: Concerning measures designed to encourage the use of nontoxic bullets for hunting, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Department Of Corrections Earned Time For College Program Completion. Description: Concerning awarding earned time to nonviolent offenders who complete an accredited higher education program.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Electric Resource Adequacy Reporting. Description: Concerning a requirement that electric load-serving entities periodically report about the adequacy of their electric resources, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Prader-Willi Syndrome. Description: Concerning updates regarding Prader-Willi syndrome.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Prohibit Wagering On Simulcast Greyhound Races. Description: Concerning a prohibition against wagering on races of greyhounds that are simulcast from out-of-state tracks at which the races are conducted.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Admissibility Standards For Juvenile Statements. Description: Concerning narrowing admissibility standards for juvenile statements to protect the voluntariness of such statements, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Emergency And Continued Placement With Relative Or Kin. Description: Concerning the safety of children and youth through required background checks on adults when a child or youth is placed out of the home with kin, including relatives.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Employee Leave For Colorado National Guard Service. Description: Concerning leave from employment for state military service.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Two-lane State Highway Staggered Delineator Posts. Description: Concerning delineator posts on a two-lane state highway.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Enactment Of CRS 2022. Description: Concerning the enactment of the Colorado Revised Statutes 2022 as the positive and statutory law of the state of Colorado.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Support For Rural Telecommunications Providers. Description: Concerning the continuation of high cost support mechanism funding for rural telecommunications providers, and, in connection therewith, aligning the repeal date of such high cost support mechanism funding with the sunset repeal date of the high cost support mechanism.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Mod Prop Tax Exemption For Veterans With Disab. Description: Concerning a requirement that a veteran who has individual employability status be treated equivalently to a veteran who has one hundred percent permanent disability when determining eligibility for any state veterans benefit, and, in connection therewith, expanding eligibility for the property tax exemption for veterans with a disability to include a veteran who does not have a service-connected disability rated as a one hundred percent permanent disability but does have individual unemployability status.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Veterans' Cemetery Department of Public Safety Gifts Grants Donations. Description: Concerning the authority to accept and expend gifts, grants, and donations, and, in connection therewith, authorizing the division of veterans affairs to expend gifts, grants, and donations in support of the western slope military veterans' cemetery, authorizing the department of public safety to accept and expend gifts, grants, and donations in support of its purposes, and creating the department of public safety gifts, grants, and donations fund.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Efficiency At The State Archives. Description: Concerning modernizing record keeping by the state archives.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Extend Agricultural Workforce Development Program. Description: Concerning modifications to the agricultural workforce development program.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Amenities For All Genders In Public Buildings. Description: Concerning a requirement that certain public buildings have restrooms with amenities for all genders, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Child-occupied Facility Lead-based Paint Abatement. Description: Concerning a change to the definition of "child-occupied facility" as it relates to lead-based paint abatement.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Updates To State Forest Service Tree Nursery. Description: Concerning updates to the Colorado state forest service seedling tree nursery, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Alcohol Beverage Retail Establishment Permit. Description: Concerning permitting a retail establishment to serve complimentary alcohol beverages at a place of business, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Metropolitan District Tax For Parks And Recreation. Description: Concerning the authority of a metropolitan district to levy a sales tax with voter approval for the purpose of providing parks or recreational facilities or programs.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Interstate Teacher Mobility Compact. Description: Concerning the enactment of the "Interstate Teacher Mobility Compact".
In 2023, Colorado engrossed a bill titled: Local Government Independent Ethics Commission. Description: Concerning the scope of the independent ethics commission's jurisdiction over ethics complaints against local government officials and employees, and in connection therewith, expanding the independent ethics commission's jurisdiction to include school districts and special districts, and making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Family Intervener Program Deafblind Children. Description: Concerning creation of a family and community intervener program to support children experiencing deafblindness, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Pet Animal Ownership In Housing. Description: Concerning pet animal ownership in housing, and, in connection therewith, prohibiting restrictions on dog breeds for obtaining homeowner's insurance, providing for the manner in which pet animals are handled when a writ of restitution is executed, limiting security deposits and rent for pet animals, and excluding pet animals from personal property liens.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Study Biochar In Plugging Of Oil And Gas Wells. Description: Concerning the creation of the biochar in oil and gas well plugging working advisory group to make recommendations for the development of a pilot program to study the use of biochar in the plugging of oil and gas wells, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Licensed Psychologist Prescriptive Authority. Description: Concerning the authority of a licensed psychologist to prescribe psychotropic medication for the treatment of mental health disorders.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Civil Defense Worker Compensation. Description: Concerning the compensation of civil defense workers.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Study Workforce Transitions To Other Industries. Description: Concerning a study regarding workforce transitions to other industries, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Wildfire Evacuation And Clearance Time Modeling. Description: Concerning evacuation and clearance time modeling in wildfire risk areas of the state, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Prohibited Provisions In Rental Agreements. Description: Concerning prohibiting the inclusion of certain provisions in written rental agreements.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Workers' Compensation. Description: Concerning workers' compensation, and, in connection therewith, increasing the duration of benefits based on mental impairment, removing the authority to petition over artificial devices, allowing an employee to request a hearing on the loss of total temporary disability benefits under certain circumstances, updating provisions related to independent medical examinations, increasing the amount of attorney fees that are presumed unreasonable, and making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Informed Consent To Intimate Patient Examinations. Description: Concerning a requirement to obtain a patient's informed consent before performing an intimate examination of the patient under specified circumstances, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Employee Ownership Tax Credit Expansion. Description: Concerning the expansion of the tax credit for conversion costs for employee business ownership.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Continuation Of Military Retirement Benefit Deduction. Description: Concerning the continuation of the income tax deduction for military retirement benefits.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Due Process Asset Forfeiture Act. Description: Concerning enactment of the "Due Process Asset Forfeiture Act", and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Fiscal Rule Advance Payment Charitable Food Grants. Description: Concerning a requirement that the state controller promulgate fiscal rules governing advance payment for the purchase of state agricultural products by a charitable food organization using state grant money.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Veterans Mental Health Session Reimbursement Program. Description: Concerning a program to provide mental health services for veterans, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Special Education Services For Students In Foster Care. Description: Concerning the continuation of special education services for a student in foster care when the student moves.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Continuation Of Child Care Contribution Tax Credit. Description: Concerning the income tax credit for a qualifying contribution to promote child care in the state, and, in connection therewith, continuing the credit for three years, requiring the department of revenue to develop recommendations for the expansion of the types of contributions that qualify for the credit, and making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Higher Education Staff Sabbaticals. Description: Concerning permitting higher education staff to take a sabbatical.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Portable Screening Report For Residential Leases. Description: Concerning tenant screening documentation for residential leases.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Restrict Government Involvement In Immigration Detention. Description: Concerning restrictions on governmental participation in civil immigration detention.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Ozone Season Transit Grant Program Flexibility. Description: Concerning support for transit, and, in connection therewith, increasing the flexibility of the ozone season transit grant program and increasing opportunities for transit agency participation in regional transportation planning.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Alcohol And Drug Impaired Driving Enforcement. Description: Concerning the high-visibility alcohol and drug impaired driving enforcement program.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Homeowners' Association And Metropolitan District Homeowners' Rights Task Forces. Description: Concerning the creation of task forces to examine issues affecting certain homeowners' rights, and, in connection therewith, creating the HOA homeowners' rights task force and the metropolitan district homeowners' rights task force, and making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Fire And Police Pension Association Board's Noncompounding Authorization. Description: Concerning authorizing the board of the fire and police pension association to provide noncompounding cost of living adjustments.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Crime Victim Services Funding. Description: Concerning funding for crime victim services.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Victim And Survivor Training For Judicial Personnel. Description: Concerning the creation of a task force to study victim and survivor awareness and responsiveness training requirements for judicial personnel, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Unauthorized Insurance Premium Tax Rate. Description: Concerning harmonization of the unauthorized insurance premium tax rate with the surplus lines insurance premium tax rate.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Earned Income And Child Tax Credits. Description: Concerning the enlargement of certain income tax credits for low- and middle-income working individuals or families, and, in connection therewith, reducing state income tax revenue by increasing the earned income tax credit and restructuring the child tax credit to allow all low-income taxpayers with income below certain thresholds to claim the credit.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Contracts Between Carriers And Providers. Description: Concerning insurance contracts for health-care services that involve electronic payments to a health-care provider, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Affidavit Support Eligibility Public Benefits. Description: Concerning requirements for affidavits of support related to eligibility for public benefits in Colorado.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Eviction Protections For Residential Tenants. Description: Concerning eviction protections for residential tenants who receive public assistance, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Repeal Of Infrequently Used Tax Expenditures. Description: Concerning the repeal of infrequently used tax expenditures.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Move Over or Slow Down Stationary Vehicle. Description: Concerning a requirement that motor vehicle drivers take certain actions to mitigate the risk their vehicles present to stationary vehicles on the road.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Modernize Process To Obtain Water Well Information. Description: Concerning the modernization of the process to change groundwater well owner contact information.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Consumer Reports Not Include Medical Debt Information. Description: Concerning the inclusion of certain items of information in consumer reports, and, in connection therewith, prohibiting the reporting of medical debt information by consumer reporting agencies, prohibiting debt collectors and collection agencies from falsely representing that medical debt information will be included in a consumer report or failing to timely disclose that, with certain exceptions, medical debt will not be included in a consumer report, and, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Drug Coverage For Serious Mental Illness. Description: Concerning requirements for prescription drug coverage for serious mental illness, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: The Court Data-sharing Task Force. Description: Concerning the court data-sharing task force, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Cost Of Phone Calls For Persons In Custody. Description: Concerning the cost of communications services for persons in custody, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Require Electric Options In Home Warranties. Description: Concerning mandatory provisions in home warranty service contracts, and, in connection therewith, requiring a home warranty service contract to include terms allowing a homeowner to replace any of certain gas-fueled devices with a device that operates on electricity.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Penalty For Indecent Exposure In View Of Minors. Description: Concerning the offense classification for indecent exposure in view of a minor, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Prosthetic Devices For Recreational Activity. Description: Concerning health insurance coverage for a prosthetic device necessary for a covered person to engage in certain types of activities, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Public Airport Authority Act Modernization. Description: Concerning modernization of the public airport authority act.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Solar Garden Net Metering Credits Stabilization. Description: Concerning measures to stabilize net metering credits calculated for an electric retail utility's purchase of electric output from a community solar garden.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Procedures Related To Adult Competency. Description: Concerning procedures related to adult competency proceedings.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Modification Of Rural Counties Officer Salary Categories. Description: Concerning the modification of the salary categorization of locally elected officers in specified counties.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Powersports Vehicle Dealer Business Place. Description: Concerning the requirement that businesses licensed to sell powersports vehicles have a principal place of business.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: History Colorado Authority To Sell Property. Description: Concerning the authority of history Colorado to dispose of three properties, and, in connection therewith, authorizing the disposal of the real properties known as the McFarlane House in Central City, the Pearce-McAllister Cottage in Denver, and the Pueblo Museum Support Center in Pueblo.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Federal Authorize Firearms For DACA Peace Officers. Description: Concerning measures related to seeking federal authorization for certain immigrants to possess firearms to be a peace officer.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Hearing Timelines Juveniles In Adult Facilities. Description: Concerning juveniles ordered by a court to be detained in an adult facility while awaiting trial.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Clarifications To 48-hour Bond Hearing Requirement. Description: Concerning clarifications to the requirements that the court conduct a bond hearing within forty-eight hours after an individual is placed in jail.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Pathways To Behavioral Health Care. Description: Concerning a feasibility study to determine pathways to behavioral health care for people with serious mental illness, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Advisement During Custodial Interrogation. Description: Concerning the advisement of rights during a custodial investigation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Uniform Unregulated Child Custody Transfer Act. Description: Concerning the "Uniform Unregulated Child Custody Transfer Act".
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Colorado Commodity Supplemental Food Grant Program. Description: Concerning the creation of the Colorado commodity supplemental food grant program, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Environmental Standards For Appliances. Description: Concerning environmental standards for certain products, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Consumer Legal Funding Transactions. Description: Concerning the regulation of consumer legal funding transactions, and, in connection therewith, authorizing the administrator of the "Uniform Consumer Credit Code" to adopt rules regulating creditor-imposed charges for certain consumer credit transactions that are secured by a consumer's potential proceeds from a settlement or judgment obtained in an associated legal claim.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Reporting Of Emergency Overdose Events. Description: Concerning persons who report emergency overdose events in good faith.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Legal Representation And Students With Disabilities. Description: Concerning legal representation in due process complaint hearings for the parents of a student who may be eligible for special education services, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado engrossed a bill titled: Just Cause Requirement Eviction Of Residential Tenant. Description: Concerning requiring just cause for the eviction of a tenant from a residential premises.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Child Welfare And Juvenile Court Jurisdiction. Description: Concerning changes to child welfare proceedings.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Homeowner's Insurance Underinsurance. Description: Concerning homeowner's insurance, and, in connection therewith, requiring certain reports related to the cost of reconstructing a home, increasing the notice requirement before an insurer can cancel or refuse to renew a homeowner's insurance policy, creating guaranteed replacement cost coverage in homeowner's insurance, and making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Court Personnel And Domestic Violence Awareness. Description: Concerning enhancing court personnel's recognition of domestic violence to access federal funding, and, in connection therewith, including the recognition of child abuse.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Agricultural Products Inspection Cash Fund Reserve. Description: Concerning the maximum uncommitted reserve that may be retained in the agricultural products inspection cash fund.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Guaranteed Asset Protection Agreements. Description: Concerning the regulation of guaranteed asset protection agreements.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Remote Public Access To Criminal Court Proceedings. Description: Concerning a requirement for remote public access to observe criminal court proceedings.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Prior Authorization For Step-therapy Exception. Description: Concerning medicaid prior authorization requests for a step-therapy exception and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Low-income Housing Property Tax Exemptions. Description: Concerning certain low-income housing property that is deemed to be used for a strictly charitable purpose, and, in connection therewith, clarifying and expanding the property tax exemption for property acquired by nonprofit housing providers for a strictly charitable low-income housing purpose and creating a property tax exemption for property held by community land trusts or nonprofit affordable homeownership developers and used for a strictly charitable purpose.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Requirements For Recall Elections And Vacancies. Description: Concerning procedures relating to the replacement of elected officials.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Remote Participation In Residential Evictions. Description: Concerning remote participation in a residential eviction filed in county court, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Alternatives In Criminal Justice System And Pregnant Persons. Description: Concerning alternatives in the criminal justice system for pregnant persons.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Employer Assistance For Home Purchase Tax Credit. Description: Concerning an income tax credit for employer assistance to employees in making a home purchase.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Prohibit Corporal Punishment Of Children. Description: Concerning prohibiting corporal punishment of children in certain public settings.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Additional Protections In Consumer Code. Description: Concerning the creation of additional protections in the consumer code.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Closed Landfills Remediation Local Governments Grants. Description: Concerning efforts to remediate risks associated with certain closed landfills, and, in connection therewith, creating the closed landfill remediation grant program, and making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Automated Pharmacy Dispensing System. Description: Concerning the operation of automated pharmacy dispensing systems.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Remedies At Law For Violating Colorado Youth Act. Description: Concerning clarifying that workers' compensation is not the exclusive remedy for persons aggrieved by violations of the "Colorado Youth Employment Opportunity Act of 1971".
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Stakeholder Process For Oversight Of Host Home Providers. Description: Concerning requiring the department of health care policy and financing to engage in a stakeholder process to address the oversight of host home providers, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Teacher Externship Program For Science Technology Engineering And Math Disciplines. Description: Concerning a statewide teacher externship program to provide kindergarten through twelfth grade teachers work-based learning opportunities in specified disciplines, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Forensic Medical Evidence Process Improvements. Description: Concerning measures to provide additional access to services for victims of sexual assault, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Improved Outcomes Persons Behavioral Health. Description: Concerning improved outcomes for persons with behavioral health disorders.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Prescription Drug Benefits Contract Term Requirements. Description: Concerning prescription drug benefits contract term requirements, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Recovery Residence Discharge Policy. Description: Concerning the discharge of a client from a recovery residence.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Office Of Judicial Ombudsman. Description: Concerning the creation of the office of the judicial discipline ombudsman, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado engrossed a bill titled: Analyze Statewide Publicly Financed Health-care. Description: Concerning the analysis of a universal health-care system, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Carbon Management. Description: Concerning carbon management, and, in connection therewith, ensuring that carbon management projects are eligible for grants under the industrial and manufacturing operations clean air grant program and providing for the creation of a carbon management roadmap.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Promotion Of Apprenticeships. Description: Concerning the creation of a navigator program to promote apprenticeships to high school students, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Stop The Bleed School Training And Kits. Description: Concerning the distribution of stop the bleed materials to schools, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Limits On Hospital Facility Fees. Description: Concerning limitations on hospital facility fees, and, in connection therewith, making and reducing an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Natural Gas Pipeline Safety. Description: Concerning measures to promote safety in the distribution of natural gas.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Motor Vehicles Tows And Crime Victims. Description: Concerning relief for crime victims whose motor vehicles have been towed because of the crime, and, in connection therewith, requiring the transportation legislation review committee study the issue and make legislative recommendations.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Health Facility Patient Information Denied Service. Description: Concerning requiring that a health-care facility inform patients as part of the informed consent process of services that the health-care facility refuses to provide to patients when the refusal is for nonmedical reasons, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Waiting Period To Deliver A Firearm. Description: Concerning establishing a minimum three-day waiting period prior to the delivery of a purchased firearm.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Study Republican River Groundwater Economic Impact. Description: Concerning a study regarding the economic impact of the elimination of large-capacity groundwater withdrawal within the Republican river basin, and, in connection therewith, requiring the Colorado water center to conduct the study and report its findings and conclusions to certain legislative committees and making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Cases Of Domestic Violence In Municipal Court. Description: Concerning the jurisdiction of municipal courts to hear domestic violence offenses.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Task Force To Prioritize Grants Target Population. Description: Concerning the creation of a task force to establish shared guidance for entities to utilize in prioritizing grant money to achieve maximum impact to reduce negative outcomes for youth, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Standardized Health Benefit Plan. Description: Concerning changes to the "Colorado Standardized Health Benefit Plan Act".
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Extend And Modify Prescription Drug Affordability Board. Description: Concerning the prescription drug affordability board, and, in connection therewith, modifying the affordability review process, allowing the board to establish upper payment limits for an additional number of prescription drugs, clarifying which board functions are subject to judicial review, authorizing an individual to request an independent external review of a denial of a request for benefits for a prescription drug that has been withdrawn from sale or distribution in the state, and extending the repeal date of the board.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Hospital Transparency And Reporting Requirements. Description: Concerning transparency requirements for hospitals, and, in connection therewith, creating more timely submissions of data; providing insights into transfers of cash and profits and reserves, including those leaving Colorado; reporting on all information received; reporting information by each hospital in addition to health systems; disclosing executive compensation, including compensated incentives; reporting mergers and acquisitions of hospitals and physicians; reporting investments in capital equipment and construction; and making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Enforce Laws Against Pharmacy Benefit Managers. Description: Concerning the enforcement of requirements imposed on pharmacy benefit managers, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Nursing Facility Reimbursement Rate Setting. Description: Concerning nursing facility reimbursement rate setting, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Amending Terms Consumer Lending Laws. Description: Concerning changes to consumer lending laws to limit charges to consumers.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Math In Pre-kindergarten Through Twelfth Grade. Description: Concerning improving mathematics outcomes in pre-kindergarten through twelfth grade education, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Extend Housing Toolkit Time Frame. Description: Concerning clarification of the scope of the authority of the division of housing to spend money for certain types of grants.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Electric Vehicle Charging And Parking Requirements. Description: Concerning energy efficiency, and, in connection therewith, requiring the state electrical board to adopt rules facilitating electric vehicle charging at multifamily buildings, limiting the ability of the state electrical board to prohibit the installation of electric vehicle charging stations, forbidding private prohibitions on electric vehicle charging and parking, requiring local governments to count certain spaces served by an electric vehicle charging station for minimum parking requirements, forbidding local governments from prohibiting the installation of electric vehicle charging stations, exempting electric vehicle chargers from business personal property tax, and authorizing electric vehicle charging systems along highway rights-of-way.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Streamlined Solar Permitting And Inspection Grants. Description: Concerning the streamlined solar permitting and inspection grant program, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Technical Modification To Department Of Early Childhood. Description: Concerning technical modifications to the department of early childhood.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Implementation Updates To Behavioral Health Administration. Description: Concerning implementation updates to the behavioral health administration, and, in connection therewith making and reducing an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Inclusive Language Emergency Situations. Description: Concerning inclusive language access in local emergency situations, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Sales Use Tax Exemption Wildfire Disaster Construction. Description: Concerning a sales and use tax exemption for construction and building materials used for repairing and rebuilding residential structures damaged or destroyed by a declared wildfire disaster in 2020, 2021, or 2022, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Task Force To Study K-12 Accountability System. Description: Concerning creating a task force to study the statewide K-12 education accountability system in order to address resource inequities contributing to student performance, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Water Conservation In Oil And Gas Operations. Description: Concerning water used in oil and gas operations, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Hospital Community Benefit. Description: Concerning changes to the hospital community benefit, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Regional Health Connector Program. Description: Concerning the transfer of the regional health connector program from the university of Colorado school of medicine to the prevention services division in the department of public health and environment, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Campaign Practices For Municipal Elections. Description: Concerning requirements under the "Fair Campaign Practices Act" for municipal elections.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Support In-demand Career Workforce. Description: Concerning measures to support the in-demand career workforce, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Assess Advanced Energy Solutions In Rural Colorado. Description: Concerning a requirement that the Colorado energy office conduct studies to assess advanced energy solutions in rural Colorado, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Reduce Justice-involvement For Young Children. Description: Concerning measures to improve outcomes for young children by replacing justice involvement with community-based services, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Attorney General Jurisdiction Regulate Architects. Description: Concerning a correction to the Colorado Revised Statutes to ensure that the attorney general's powers and duties include concurrent jurisdiction with the relevant district attorney over the regulation of architects.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Repeal Of Obsolete Provisions In Title 39. Description: Concerning the repeal of obsolete provisions in title 39 of the Colorado Revised Statutes.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Thermal Energy. Description: Concerning the implementation of measures to advance thermal energy service.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Task Force To Study Corporate Housing Ownership. Description: Concerning a task force to study corporate ownership of housing in Colorado, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Habitability of Residential Premises. Description: Concerning the conditions covered under the warranty of habitability for residential premises, and, in connection therewith, specifying a landlord's requirements to remediate a residential premises that is damaged due to an environmental public health event, expanding what constitutes retaliation by a landlord, and describing situations in which a tenant may terminate a lease after the premises has been damaged due to an environmental public health event.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Regulating Local Housing Growth Restrictions. Description: Concerning preemption of local regulations limiting the number of building permits issued for development.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Mobile Home Park Water Quality. Description: Concerning water quality in mobile home parks, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Advanced Industry and Semiconductor Manufacturing Incentives. Description: Concerning tax incentives to maximize investments in semiconductor and advanced manufacturing in Colorado, and, in connection therewith, authorizing the economic development commission to approve refund certificates for certain income tax credits, creating a semiconductor manufacturing zone program, modifying the Colorado job growth incentive tax credit for semiconductor and advanced manufacturing, creating an advanced industries task force, and making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: No Requirement For Selective Service Higher Education. Description: Concerning removing the requirement for a student to register for the United States selective service system to enroll in a state-supported institution of higher education.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Colorado Re-engaged Iniative Modifications. Description: Concerning allowing a student to receive an associate degree from the Colorado re-engaged initiative after earning a certain number of credit hours from a different institution.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Translating Individualized Education Programs. Description: Concerning translating individualized education programs for children who may be eligible for special education services.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Update Livestock Health Act. Description: Concerning the authority of the commissioner of agriculture to act in instances involving the health of livestock.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Born To Be Wild Special License Plate. Description: Concerning the creation of a "Born to Be Wild" special license plate to raise funds for nonlethal means of mitigating conflict with gray wolves, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Reverse Mortgage Repayment When Home Uninhabitable. Description: Concerning the suspension of a reverse mortgage from the repayment requirement when a force majeure renders the subject property uninhabitable as a principal residence.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Double Fines Speeding Trucks On Steep Grades. Description: Concerning increased penalties for speeding violations on highways with steep downhill grades, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Private Treatment for Out-of-state Defendant. Description: Concerning changes to the process for a person serving a criminal sentence in Colorado for a conviction in another state to participate in a private treatment program.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Extended Stay And Boarding Patients. Description: Concerning efforts to promote clinical stabilization for youth involved in the behavioral health system, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Creation Of Urgent Incident Response Fund. Description: Concerning the creation of the urgent incident response fund for the purpose of reimbursing certain governmental entities for the costs of responding to urgent incidents, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Lunar New Year Day As An Observed State Holiday. Description: Concerning the establishment of Lunar New Year Day as an observed state holiday.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Tax Policy That Advances Decarbonization. Description: Concerning tax policy that advances decarbonization, and, in connection therewith, extending tax credits for the purchase or lease of electric vehicles; creating tax credits for industrial facilities to implement greenhouse gas emissions reduction improvements, for expenditures made in connection with geothermal energy projects, for production of geothermal electricity generation, for the deployment of heat pump technology, for retail sales of electric bicycles, and for construction of sustainable aviation fuel production facilities; creating a temporary specific ownership tax rate reduction on a portion of the sale of electric medium- and heavy-duty trucks; temporarily decreasing the severance tax credit for oil and gas production, requiring the revenue that is attributable to the decrease be deposited in the decarbonization tax credits administration cash fund, and creating the cash fund; and making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Creation Of Wildfire Resilient Homes Grant Program. Description: Concerning the creation of the wildfire resilient homes grant program, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Species Conservation Trust Fund Projects. Description: Concerning an appropriation for species conservation trust fund projects.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Modification Of The Film Production Incentive. Description: Concerning modifications to the performance-based incentive for film production in Colorado, and, in connection therewith, clarifying the definition of "qualified local expenditure" for payments to personal service corporations, requiring production companies to file information income tax returns regarding such payments, and eliminating the withholding exemption for payments to nonresidents who perform services in connection with a film production for less than one hundred twenty days in a year.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Scope Of Bridge And Tunnel Enterprise. Description: Concerning the bridge and tunnel enterprise, and, in connection therewith, expanding the scope of the enterprise's powers to include the completion of preventative maintenance bridge projects and allowing the enterprise to repair, reconstruct, replace, and maintain a fair-rated bridge under certain circumstances.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Reporting Adjustments To Taxable Income. Description: Concerning the filing of income tax returns by business entities.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Virtual Marriage Or Civil Union License Procedures. Description: Concerning measures permitting parties to certain legal relationships to satisfy certain requirements without having to appear in person.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Allow Retail Marijuana Online Sales. Description: Concerning the ability of a licensed retail marijuana store to sell retail marijuana to a person who is not physically present on the store's licensed premises.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Colorado Access To Justice Commission. Description: Concerning the codification of the Colorado access to justice commission.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Advance The Use Of Clean Hydrogen. Description: Concerning measures to advance the use of clean hydrogen in the state, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Transfer Refugee Services To New Americans Office. Description: Concerning the transfer of the Colorado refugee services program from the department of human services to the office of new Americans in the department of labor and employment, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Modifications To The Property Tax Deferral Program. Description: Concerning modifications to the property tax deferral program.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Store Use Of Carryout Bags And Sustainable Products. Description: Concerning the requirement that a store use fees collected from single-use bags to purchase certain items for the store.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Increase Penalty Cruelty Police And Service Animals. Description: Concerning changes to monetary penalties for the offense of cruelty to animals for working animals that are used in connection with governmental entities.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: County Regulation Related To Short-term Rentals. Description: Concerning a county's regulatory authority related to short-term rentals of lodging units.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Fair Access To Insurance Requirements Plan. Description: Concerning fair access to insurance coverage for persons unable to obtain insurance coverage for their real property.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Proposition EE Funding Retention Rate Reduction. Description: Concerning the referral of a ballot issue related to the underestimation of revenue from the taxes on products that contain nicotine in a required notice to voters, and, in connection therewith, referring a ballot issue to the voters to allow the state to retain and spend state revenues that would otherwise need to be refunded for exceeding the estimate in the ballot information booklet analysis for proposition EE and to allow the state to maintain the tax rates on cigarettes, tobacco products, and nicotine products established in proposition EE that would otherwise need to be decreased.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Procedures For Expulsion Hearing Officers. Description: Concerning procedures for expulsion hearing officers, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Timely Certified Death Certificates. Description: Concerning the timely issuance of a certified death certificate.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Enhanced Sentencing Colorado Commission On Criminal And Juvenile Justice Recommendations. Description: Concerning the adoption of the 2023 recommendations of the Colorado commission on criminal and juvenile justice regarding enhanced sentencing.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Felony Sentencing Commission Recommendations. Description: Concerning the adoption of the 2023 recommendations of the Colorado commission on criminal and juvenile justice regarding felony sentencing, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Pollution Protection Measures. Description: Concerning measures to protect communities from pollution, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Audits Of Department Of Health Care Policy And Financing Payments To Providers. Description: Concerning the review of payments made by the department of health care policy and financing to providers, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Create Task Force Study Rights Persons Disabilities. Description: Concerning the creation of a task force to study issues related to the rights of Coloradans with disabilities, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Prohibit Corporation Issuing Scrip In Bearer Form. Description: Concerning prohibiting a corporation from issuing a scrip in bearer form upon the holder surrendering enough scrip to equal a full share.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Earlier Funding For Middle School Lead Testing. Description: Concerning the date upon which the department of public health and environment must begin providing reimbursements to certain public schools for costs associated with testing the lead content of drinking water.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Justice Reinvestment Crime Prevention Initiative.. Description: Concerning the justice reinvestment crime prevention initiative, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Continuous Eligibility Medical Coverage. Description: Concerning extending continuous eligibility medical coverage for certain individuals, and, in connection therewith, seeking federal authorization and making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Revisor's Bill. Description: Concerning the nonsubstantive revision of statutes in the Colorado Revised Statutes, as amended, and, in connection therewith, amending or repealing obsolete, imperfect, and inoperative law to preserve the legislative intent, effect, and meaning of the law.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Protect Against Insurers' Impairment And Insolvency. Description: Concerning protections in the event of an insurance company failure.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Proposition 123 Affordable Housing Programs. Description: Concerning modifications to the affordable housing programs created by the voters' approval of proposition 123.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Continue Health Benefits In Work-related Death. Description: Concerning the program to provide the continuation of health benefits for dependents of certain local government public safety employees who die in a work-related death, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Public Use of Elected Officials' Social Media. Description: Concerning the use of social media administered by an elected official that is not supported by government resources, and, in connection therewith, allowing an elected official to restrict or bar an individual from using the social media administered by the elected official for any reason including attempting to chill the speech of another individual.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Juvenile Detention Services And Funding. Description: Concerning enhanced supports for youth who are in detention, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Film Incentive Tax Credit. Description: Concerning the restructuring of the performance-based incentive for film production in Colorado, and, in connection therewith, reducing an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Identical Temporary TABOR Refund. Description: Concerning the creation of an identical refund payment of excess state revenues from all sources as a mechanism to refund a portion of the excess state revenues for the 2022-23 state fiscal year only.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Authority Of Public-private Collaboration Unit For Housing. Description: Concerning additional functions of the public-private collaboration unit for public projects that provide housing, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Medicaid Reimbursement For Community Health Services. Description: Concerning seeking federal authorization for medicaid reimbursement for services provided by a community health worker, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Colorado Adult High School Program. Description: Concerning a Colorado department of education partnership with a nonprofit entity to create a program for adult education, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Employment Of School Mental Health Professionals. Description: Concerning employment of certain school-based therapists.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Forestry And Wildfire Mitigation Workforce. Description: Concerning measures to expand the forestry workforce, and, in connection therewith, directing the Colorado state forest service to develop educational materials for high school students about career opportunities in forestry and wildfire mitigation; creating a timber, forest health, and wildfire mitigation industries workforce development program to help fund internships in those industries; allocating general fund money to the wildfire mitigation capacity development fund; authorizing the expansion and creation of forestry programs; directing the state board for community colleges and occupational education to administer a program to recruit wildland fire prevention and mitigation educators; and making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Creation Of The Rural Opportunity Office. Description: Concerning the creation of the rural opportunity office in the office of economic development, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Adult Education. Description: Concerning enhancing adult education in Colorado, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Youth Involvement Education Standards Review. Description: Concerning opportunities for youth involvement in the review of the state's education standards, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Water Resources And Agriculture Review Committee. Description: Concerning the water resources and agriculture review committee.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Commercial Motor Carrier Enforcement Safety Laws. Description: Concerning the enforcement of safety requirements for intrastate motor vehicle carriers, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Fire Investigations. Description: Concerning resources for fire investigations to enhance public safety, and, in connection therewith, prioritizing funding for wildland fire investigations and making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Disordered Eating Prevention. Description: Concerning establishing the disordered eating prevention program in the department of public health and environment, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Vehicle Value Protection Agreement. Description: Concerning vehicle value protection agreements.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Greenhouse Gas Emission Reduction Measures. Description: Concerning measures to promote reductions in greenhouse gas emissions in Colorado, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Additional Uses Paid Sick Leave. Description: Concerning the addition of qualifying uses of paid sick leave, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado engrossed a bill titled: Ongoing Funding For 911 Resource Center. Description: Concerning ongoing funding for the Colorado 911 resource center.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Out-of-state Online Retail Vehicle Purchases. Description: Concerning consumer protection for Coloradans purchasing vehicles from out-of-state online retailers.
In 2023, Colorado engrossed a bill titled: Possession Of Weapon By Previous Offender Crimes. Description: Concerning adding aggravated motor vehicle theft to the list of convictions that apply to the offense of possession of weapons by previous offenders, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: CPR Training In High Schools. Description: Concerning CPR training for high school students.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: In God We Trust Special License Plate. Description: Concerning the creation of the "In God We Trust" license plate, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado engrossed a bill titled: Food Pantry Assistance Grant Program. Description: Concerning funding of the food pantry assistance grant program.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Penalty For Commercial Vehicle Offenses. Description: Concerning the penalty for committing any of certain offenses involving the operation of a commercial vehicle.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Disproportionate Discipline In Public Schools. Description: Concerning addressing disproportionate discipline in public schools, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Improve Health-care Access For Older Coloradans. Description: Concerning improving older Coloradans' access to trained geriatric specialist health-care providers, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado engrossed a bill titled: Wildfire Detection Technology Pilot Program. Description: Concerning the establishment of a wildfire detection technology system pilot program, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Definition Of Serious Bodily Injury. Description: Concerning the definition of serious bodily injury in section 18-1-901, Colorado Revised Statutes.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Middle-income Housing Authority Act. Description: Concerning the operation of the middle-income housing authority, and, in connection therewith, adding members to the board of directors, expanding the power of the authority to enter into public-private partnerships, and making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Veterans With Disab Prop Tax Exemption Reqmnts. Description: Concerning a change to the application process for the property tax exemption for veterans with a disability.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Solicitations Related To Secretary Of State Documents. Description: Concerning requirements for solicitations related to the secretary of state.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Reduce Child And Incarcerated Parent Separation. Description: Concerning measures to reduce family separation caused by a parent's detention, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Staffing Agency CAPS Checks. Description: Concerning a requirement that staffing agencies perform a CAPS check when providing employees who will work with at-risk adults.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Veterinary Education Loan Repayment Program. Description: Concerning updates to the veterinary education loan repayment program.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Average Weekly Wage Paid Leave Benefits. Description: Concerning the calculation of a covered individual's average weekly wage for paid family and medical leave benefits.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Non-tenured Track Faculty. Description: Concerning extending the length of an employment contract for a non-tenure-track appointment.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Special Mobile Machinery Registration Exemption. Description: Concerning the registration exemption for special mobile machinery, and, in connection therewith, eliminating the requirement that an owner of such machinery regularly have at least one thousand items of such machinery in the state to obtain a registration exempt certificate for the machinery and making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Eligibility For Agricultural Future Loan Program. Description: Concerning modifications to the Colorado agricultural future loan program, and, in connection therewith, modifying the eligibility requirements for the program and eliminating the repeal date for the loan program.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Conforming Workforce Development Statutes. Description: Concerning preparation of a skilled workforce for the changing nature of work.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Municipal Priority Lien Surviving Treasurer's Deed. Description: Concerning a municipal priority lien that a county treasurer is required to accept for collection if a municipality follows a specified procedure.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Restrict Governmental Nondisclosure Agreements. Description: Concerning restrictions on nondisclosure agreements that affect government employees.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Missing And Murdered Indigenous Relatives Office. Description: Concerning the duties of the office of liaison for missing and murdered Indigenous relatives, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Compensatory Direct Distribution To PERA. Description: Concerning a requirement that the state make a direct distribution to the public employees' retirement association in addition to a previous additional direct distribution to recompense the association for the cancellation of the July 1, 2020, direct distribution.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: County Treasurer No Longer Ex Officio District Treasurer. Description: Concerning the removal of the duty of county treasurers to be ex officio district treasurers for special purpose districts providing drainage and irrigation services.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Job Application Fairness Act. Description: Concerning required disclosures of age-related information on job applications, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: State Parks And Wildlife Area Local Access Funding. Description: Concerning providing funding to local governments to support access to state-owned outdoor recreational areas, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado engrossed a bill titled: Eliminate State Assessment In Social Studies. Description: Concerning eliminating the requirement that the department of education administer a state assessment in social studies, and, in connection therewith, reducing an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Continue Office Of Public Guardianship. Description: Concerning the office of public guardianship.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Career Development Success Program. Description: Concerning changes to the career development success program, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Advanced Industry Acceleration Programs. Description: Concerning changes to the advanced industry acceleration programs.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Participant Facilitated Recidivism Reduction Program. Description: Concerning a recidivism reduction program for persons sentenced to the department of corrections facilitated by program participants in partnership with department of corrections staff, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Operations Of County Public Hospitals. Description: Concerning modifications to the operations of a public hospital board of trustees created by a board of county commissioners.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Requirements To Operate A Motorboat. Description: Concerning the requirements to operate a motorboat in this state.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Mandatory School Resource Officer Training. Description: Concerning mandatory annual training by safe2tell for school resource officer training.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Sunset Defense Counsel First Appearance Program. Description: Concerning the continuation of the defense counsel on first appearance grant program, and, in connection therewith, implementing the recommendations in the 2022 sunset report by the department of regulatory agencies and making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Sunset EPIC Advisory Board. Description: Concerning the continuation of the EPIC (evidence-based practices implementation for capacity) advisory board, and, in connection therewith, implementing the recommendation in the 2022 sunset report by the department of regulatory agencies to repeal the advisory board.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Sunset Modify Human Trafficking Prevention Training. Description: Concerning continuing human trafficking prevention training, and, in connection therewith, implementing the recommendations contained in the 2022 sunset report by the department of regulatory agencies.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Deletion Of Child's Name From Criminal Justice Records. Description: Concerning the deletion of children's identifying information from criminal justice records released to the public, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Sunset Continue CO Youth Advisory Council. Description: Concerning the continuation of the Colorado youth advisory council, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Restrictions On Broker Engagement Contracts. Description: Concerning prohibiting the inclusion of certain terms in a broker engagement contract.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Manufacturer Pay Dealer Motor Vehicle Warranty. Description: Concerning warranty reimbursements made by a motor vehicle manufacturer to motor vehicle dealers.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Colorado Fostering Success Voucher Program. Description: Concerning creation of the Colorado fostering success voucher program to assist foster youth, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Physician Assistant Collaboration Requirements. Description: Concerning an expansion of a physician assistant's ability to practice, and, in connection therewith, changing the relationship between a physician assistant and a physician or podiatrist from supervision to collaboration.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Full-time Employment For Higher Education Faculty. Description: Concerning the calculation of full-time employment for teachers at higher education institutions for purposes of the federal public loan forgiveness program.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Sunset Continue Sexual Misconduct Advisory Committee. Description: Concerning the continuation of the sexual misconduct advisory committee, and, in connection therewith, implementing the recommendations in the 2022 sunset report by the department of regulatory agencies.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Student Leaders Institute. Description: Concerning student leaders institute modernization, and, in connection therewith, making and reducing an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Teacher Degree Apprenticeship Program. Description: Concerning creation of a teacher degree apprenticeship program as an alternative route to teacher licensure, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Sentence Served Before Parole And Notify Victim. Description: Concerning an offender's eligibility for release from confinement.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Uniform Commercial Code 2022 Amendments. Description: Concerning the enactment of the 2022 amendments to the "Uniform Commercial Code".
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Agricultural Producers Use Of Agrivoltaics. Description: Concerning opportunities for voluntary emission reductions in agriculture, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Increase Consumer Protections Medical Transactions. Description: Concerning increasing consumer protections in various medical transactions.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: School Transportation Task Force. Description: Concerning the creation of a task force to report on measures to improve school transportation, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Unlawfully Aiming Laser Device At Aircraft. Description: Concerning criminalizing unlawfully pointing a laser device at an aircraft.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: In-State Tuition Classification Institution Of Higher Education. Description: Concerning policies relating to in-state tuition classification at state-supported institutions of higher education.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Motor Vehicle Theft And Unauthorized Use. Description: Concerning the adoption of the 2023 recommendations of the Colorado commission on criminal and juvenile justice regarding motor vehicle offenses committed by a person who is not the owner of the motor vehicle, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Special Education Funding. Description: Concerning funding for special education services, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Uniform Community Property Disposition At Death Act. Description: Concerning the "Uniform Community Property Disposition at Death Act".
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Rule Review Bill. Description: Concerning implementation of the committee on legal services' recommendations in connection with legislative review of state agencies' rules.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Ensure Equal Pay For Equal Work. Description: Concerning the implementation of measures to ensure equal pay for equal work, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Allowing Temporary Reductions In Property Tax Due. Description: Concerning temporary reductions in property taxes due.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Transparency For Metropolitan Districts. Description: Concerning transparency for metropolitan districts.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Public Employees' Workplace Protection. Description: Concerning public employees' workplace protection from employer retaliation, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Department of Agriculture Supplemental. Description: Concerning a supplemental appropriation to the department of agriculture.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Department of Corrections Supplemental. Description: Concerning a supplemental appropriation to the department of corrections.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Department of Early Childhood Supplemental. Description: Concerning a supplemental appropriation to the department of early childhood.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Department of Education Supplemental. Description: Concerning a supplemental appropriation to the department of education.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Department of Governor, Lt. Governor, & OSPB Supplemental. Description: Concerning a supplemental appropriation to the offices of the governor, lieutenant governor, and state planning and budgeting.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Department of Health Care Policy & Financing Supplemental. Description: Concerning a supplemental appropriation to the department of health care policy and financing.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Department of Higher Education Supplemental. Description: Concerning a supplemental appropriation to the department of higher education.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Department of Human Services Supplemental. Description: Concerning a supplemental appropriation to the department of human services.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Judicial Department Supplemental. Description: Concerning a supplemental appropriation to the judicial department.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Department of Labor & Employment Supplemental. Description: Concerning a supplemental appropriation to the department of labor and employment.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Department of Law Supplemental. Description: Concerning a supplemental appropriation to the department of law.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Legislative Department Supplemental. Description: Concerning a supplemental appropriation to the department of legislature.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Department of Local Affairs Supplemental. Description: Concerning a supplemental appropriation to the department of local affairs.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Department of Military Affairs Supplemental. Description: Concerning a supplemental appropriation to the department of military and veterans affairs.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Department of Natural Resources Supplemental. Description: Concerning a supplemental appropriation to the department of natural resources.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Department Of Personnel Supplemental. Description: Concerning a supplemental appropriation to the department of personnel.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Department of Public Health & Environment Supplemental. Description: Concerning a supplemental appropriation to the department of public health and environment.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Department of Public Safety Supplemental. Description: Concerning a supplemental appropriation to the department of public safety.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Department of Regulatory Agencies Supplemental. Description: Concerning a supplemental appropriation to the department of regulatory agencies.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Department of Revenue Supplemental. Description: Concerning a supplemental appropriation to the department of revenue.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Department of State Supplemental. Description: Concerning a supplemental appropriation to the department of state.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Department of Transportation Supplemental. Description: Concerning a supplemental appropriation to the department of transportation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Department of Treasury Supplemental. Description: Concerning a supplemental appropriation to the department of the treasury.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Capital Construction Supplemental. Description: Concerning funding for capital construction, and making supplemental appropriations in connection therewith.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Adjustments To School Funding Fiscal Year 2022-23. Description: Concerning adjustments to school funding for the 2022-23 budget year, and, in connection therewith, reducing an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Transfer to Colorado Economic Development Fund. Description: Concerning the transfer of money from the general fund to the Colorado economic development fund.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Appropriation To Department of Health Care Policy And Financing For Denver Health. Description: Concerning authorizing the department of health care policy and financing to distribute money to the Denver health and hospital authority, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: State Severance Tax Trust Fund Allocation. Description: Concerning the appropriation of money from the severance tax operational fund to the wildfire mitigation capacity development fund, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Fentanyl Study Deadline And Appropriation. Description: Concerning extending the contract deadline for the independent study of House Bill 22-1326, and, in connection therewith, extending a related existing appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: General Fund Transfers For Capital Construction. Description: Concerning transfers from the general fund for capital construction.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Information Technology Project Appropriation Process. Description: Concerning the information technology capital appropriation process for information technology projects submitted to the general assembly by certain state entities.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Retail Delivery Fees. Description: Concerning the administration of the existing retail delivery fees collected by the department of revenue, and, in connection therewith, making and reducing an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Prescription Drugs For Chronic Pain. Description: Concerning prescription drugs for the treatment of chronic pain.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Stegosaurus State Fossil License Plate. Description: Concerning the creation of a special license plate to commemorate the stegosaurus as the Colorado state fossil, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Colorado Apprenticeship Directory Information. Description: Concerning updates to the Colorado state apprenticeship resource directory.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Illegal Drug Laboratory Property And Certification. Description: Concerning property used to illegally manufacture drugs, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Higher Education Student Financial Aid For Youth Mentors. Description: Concerning the creation of a program to provide higher education financial assistance to students who perform youth mentorship, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Require Labeling Disposable Wipes. Description: Concerning a requirement that certain persons label disposable wipes.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Sunset Health Equity Commission. Description: Concerning the continuation of the health equity commission, and, in connection therewith, implementing the recommendation contained in the 2022 sunset report by the department of regulatory agencies.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Sunset Continue Custom Processing Meat Animals. Description: Concerning the continuation of the regulation of the custom processing of meat animals, and, in connection therewith, implementing the recommendations in the 2022 sunset report by the department of regulatory agencies.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Sunset Revised Uniform Law On Notarial Acts. Description: Concerning the continuation of the regulation of notaries by the secretary of state in the department of state, and, in connection therewith, implementing the recommendations in the 2022 sunset report by the department of regulatory agencies and making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Victim Notification Of Proceedings. Description: Concerning victim notification matters related to criminal proceedings.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Sunset Continue Veterans One-stop Center. Description: Concerning the continuation of the veterans one-stop center in Grand Junction, and, in connection therewith, implementing the recommendations in the 2022 sunset report by the department of regulatory agencies.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Sunset Continue Nursing Home Administrators. Description: Concerning the continuation of the regulation of nursing home administrators, and, in connection therewith, implementing the recommendations in the 2022 sunset report by the department of regulatory agencies.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Sunset Private Letter Ruling And Information Letter. Description: Concerning the continuation of the issuance of certain tax information to a taxpayer by the department of revenue, and, in connection therewith, implementing the recommendations contained in the 2022 sunset report by the department of regulatory agencies for the issuance of private letter rulings and information letters by the department of revenue and making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Sunset Offender Reentry And Education Programs. Description: Concerning the continuation of the offender reentry grant program, and, in connection therewith, implementing the recommendations in the department of regulatory agencies' 2022 sunset report.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Sunset Colorado Food Systems Advisory Council. Description: Concerning the continuation of the Colorado food systems advisory council, and, in connection therewith, extending the sunset date by three years and making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Sunset Continue Community Crime Victims Grant Program. Description: Concerning the continuation of the community crime victims grant program, and, in connection therewith, implementing the recommendations of the 2022 sunset report on the community crime victims grant program by the department of regulatory agencies.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Financing To Purchase Firefighting Aircraft. Description: Concerning state funding to finance the purchase of a firefighting aircraft to respond to wildfires.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Increase Access To Pharmacy Services. Description: Concerning increasing access to pharmacy services.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Colorado Parks and Wildlife Officers Classified As State Troopers. Description: Concerning the classification of certain employees of the division of parks and wildlife who are certified by the peace officers standards and training board as state troopers for the purpose of determining public employees' retirement association service retirement eligibility and benefits, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Sunset Process Sex Offender Management Board. Description: Concerning the continuation of the sex offender management board, and, in connection therewith, implementing the recommendations contained in the 2022 sunset report by the department of regulatory agencies and making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Sunset Division Of Racing And Racing Commission. Description: Concerning the continuation of the regulation of racing, and, in connection therewith, continuing the division of racing events in the department of revenue, continuing the activities of the Colorado racing commission, and implementing recommendations contained in the 2022 sunset report by the department of regulatory agencies.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Establishment Of A Wildfire Resiliency Code Board. Description: Concerning the establishment of a wildfire resiliency code board, and, in connection therewith, requiring the wildfire resiliency code board to adopt model codes, requiring governing bodies with jurisdiction in an area within the wildland-urban interface to adopt codes that meet or exceed the standards set forth in the model codes, and making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Board Of Nursing Regulate Certified Midwives. Description: Concerning the regulation of certified midwives by the state board of nursing, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Gun Violence Victims' Access To Judicial System. Description: Concerning gun violence victims' access to the judicial system.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Increasing Minimum Age To Purchase Firearms. Description: Concerning increasing the legal age to purchase a firearm to twenty-one years of age, with limited exceptions.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Extreme Risk Protection Order Petitions. Description: Concerning extreme risk protection orders, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Protecting Opportunities And Workers' Rights Act. Description: Concerning protections for Colorado workers against discriminatory employment practices, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Colorado Child Support Commission Recommendations. Description: Concerning recommendations of the Colorado child support commission.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Access To Certain Behavioral Health Services. Description: Concerning access to behavioral health services for medicaid recipients under twenty-one years of age.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Financing Of Downtown Development Authority Projects. Description: Concerning the use of tax increment financing by downtown development authorities.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Protections For People With An Eating Disorder. Description: Concerning measures to improve outcomes for individuals with an eating disorder.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: 2023 Colorado Water Conservation Board Water Projects Appropriations. Description: Concerning the funding of Colorado water conservation board projects, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Water-wise Landscaping In Homeowners' Association Communities. Description: Concerning removing barriers to water-wise landscaping in common interest communities.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Dental Plans Medical Loss Ratio. Description: Concerning insurance carrier requirements for health coverage plans, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Restore Current Pay Periods For State Employees. Description: Concerning changes to the state's payroll system to codify current pay periods for state employees.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Temporary Suspension Of Medicaid Requirements. Description: Concerning the temporary suspension of certain statutory requirements for medical assistance programs.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Local Government Provision Of Communications Services. Description: Concerning the elimination of the requirement that a local government obtain voter approval to provide certain communications services.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Protections For Residential Tenants. Description: Concerning protections for residential tenants, and, in connection therewith, prohibiting a landlord from considering certain information relating to a prospective tenant's income or rental history, establishing a maximum amount that a landlord can require as a security deposit, and allowing a tenant to assert as an affirmative defense in an eviction proceeding that a landlord violated anti-discriminatory housing laws.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Sunset Noxious Weed Advisory Committee. Description: Concerning the continuation of the noxious weed advisory committee, and, in connection therewith, implementing the recommendation contained in the 2022 sunset report by the department of regulatory agencies.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Oil And Gas Commission Study Methane Seepage Raton Basin. Description: Concerning methane seepage in the Raton basin of Colorado, and, in connection therewith, requiring the Colorado oil and gas conservation commission to complete a study and making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Public Utilities Commission Administrative Fee Setting Transportation Services. Description: Concerning fees paid to the public utilities commission by operators of transportation services in the state, and, in connection therewith, requiring the public utilities commission to establish fees administratively.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Protections For Accessing Reproductive Health Care. Description: Concerning protections for accessing reproductive health care.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Increasing Access To Reproductive Health Care. Description: Concerning increasing access to reproductive health-care services, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Deceptive Trade Practice Pregnancy-related Service. Description: Concerning policies to make punishable deceptive actions regarding pregnancy-related services.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Colorado Department Of Public Health And Environment Organics Diversion Study. Description: Concerning a study regarding diversion of organic materials from landfills.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Sunset Pesticide Applicators' Act. Description: Concerning the continuation of the "Pesticide Applicators' Act", and, in connection therewith, implementing recommendations contained in the 2022 sunset report by the department of regulatory agencies regarding the act, and making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Calculation Of Contributions To Meet Cost Sharing. Description: Concerning the calculation of contributions toward an insured's required cost sharing under a health benefit plan.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Income Tax Credit For Retrofitting A Home For Health Reasons. Description: Concerning an extension of the income tax credit for retrofitting a residence to increase the residence's visitability.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Fiscal Year 2023-24 Legislative Appropriation Bill. Description: Concerning the payment of the expenses of the legislative department.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Clean Energy Plans. Description: Concerning the verification of clean energy plans to ensure that the plans achieve the state's greenhouse gas emission reduction targets, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Marijuana License Applications and Renewals. Description: Concerning procedures for the issuance of marijuana licenses, and, in connection therewith, clarifying that the state licensing authority may refund licensing fees when an application is denied and allowing applicants the opportunity to renew a state license while local jurisdiction approval is pending.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Automated Vehicle Identification Systems. Description: Concerning the utilization of automated vehicle identification systems for increased traffic law enforcement by certain jurisdictions.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Wearing Of Native American Traditional Regalia. Description: Concerning the wearing of traditional Native American regalia at graduation ceremonies.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Authorize Department Of Corrections Inspector General To Apprehend Fugitives. Description: Concerning the authority of the office of the inspector general in the department of corrections to apprehend fugitives.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Correct Erroneous Property Tax Exemption End Date. Description: Concerning the correction of a defective date reference to properly reflect the legislative intent that agricultural equipment that is used in any controlled environment agricultural facility be exempt from the property taxation for only five years.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Universal High School Scholarship Program. Description: Concerning a scholarship program for Colorado high school graduates that prioritizes awards for students pursuing high-priority postsecondary pathways, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Disclose Radon Information Residential Property. Description: Concerning information about radon in residential real property transactions.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Correction Of Certain Tax Statute Cross References. Description: Concerning modifications to certain tax statutes to correct defective cross references.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Remove Erroneous Date From CLIMBER Act. Description: Concerning removal of the date restriction in the definition of "eligible borrower" used to determine a business's eligibility for a small business recovery loan under the "CLIMBER Act".
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Update Administration Of Certain Human Services. Description: Concerning updates to administrative statutes for specific administrative entities that focus on human and social services.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Federal Indian Child Welfare Act Of 1978. Description: Concerning adopting federal regulations to the "Indian Child Welfare Act of 1978" as state law.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: United States Navy Seabees License Plate. Description: Concerning the creation of a Seabees license plate to honor the Seabees tradition, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado engrossed a bill titled: Land Use. Description: Concerning state land use requirements, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: 2023-24 Long Bill. Description: Concerning the provision for payment of the expenses of the executive, legislative, and judicial departments of the state of Colorado, and of its agencies and institutions, for and during the fiscal year beginning July 1, 2023, except as otherwise noted.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: State Employee Reserve Fund General Fund Transfer. Description: Concerning the transfer of money from the state employee reserve fund to the general fund to fund monthly housing stipends for department of corrections staff.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Colorado Universal Preschool Program Funding. Description: Concerning funding to the department of early childhood for the Colorado universal preschool program.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Separating Fees In Records And Reports Cash Fund. Description: Concerning no longer requiring the fee collected for the background checks for child abuse or neglect to support the costs associated with the appeals process for a person who is found responsible in a confirmed report of child abuse or neglect.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Repeal School Transformation Grant Program Administration Cap. Description: Concerning the repeal of the cap on the amount of money the department of education may expend on costs incurred in implementing the school transformation grant program, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Supports To Students And Facility Schools. Description: Concerning services to support students eligible to enroll in facility schools, and, in connection therewith, making and reducing an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Public School Capital Construction Assistance Grants. Description: Concerning the use of money previously allocated for public schools, and, in connection therewith, reducing an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Healthy School Meals For All Program Fund. Description: Concerning the funding of the healthy school meals for all program, and, in connection therewith, creating the healthy school meals for all program general fund exempt account, allowing expenditures in excess of appropriations for the program, clarifying how the program should be accounted for in the annual general appropriations bill, and making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Medicaid Pharmacy And Outpatient Services Copayment. Description: Concerning removing copayment requirement for certain medicaid services, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Medicaid Provider Rate Review Process. Description: concerning the medicaid provider rate review process.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Colorado Commission Policies Postgraduate Student Exchange Program. Description: Concerning policies to be established by the Colorado commission on higher education related to postgraduate student exchange programs.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Specialty Education Colorado State University Medical School Partnership. Description: Concerning the use of higher education specialty education services funding for the school of medicine partnership operating on the campus of Colorado state university.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Extending Transitional Jobs Program. Description: Concerning extending the transitional jobs program.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: State Agency Attorney Hourly Rate. Description: Concerning the hourly rate compensation for attorneys who contract with state agencies to provide legal representation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Office Of Administrative Services For Independent Agencies. Description: Concerning the creation of the office for administrative services for independent agencies in the judicial department, and, in connection therewith, making and reducing appropriations.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Statewide Behavioral Health Court Liaison Office. Description: Concerning the office of the statewide behavioral health court liaison, and, in connection therewith, making and reducing appropriations.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: County Assistance For 23rd Judicial District. Description: Concerning state assistance to counties affected by the twenty-third judicial district, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Amend Fund To Allow Payment Overdue Wage Claims. Description: Concerning the ability of the division of labor standards and statistics in the department of labor and employment to disburse money in the wage theft enforcement fund to employees after an employer fails to make payments determined to be owed to the employees, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Unemployment Insurance Premiums Allocation Federal Law Compliance. Description: Concerning unemployment compensation, and, in connection therewith, reducing employer premium rates; creating support surcharge rates; and adjusting the allocations of employer premiums and support surcharge payments to the unemployment compensation fund, the employment support fund, the employment and training technology fund, and the benefit recovery fund to comply with federal law.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Employment Services Funded By Wagner-Peyser Act. Description: Concerning a merit system for county employees who provide employment services that are paid for with federal funds pursuant to the federal "Wagner-Peyser Act".
In 2023, Colorado enrolled a bill titled: State Employee Insurance Premiums. Description: Concerning the cessation of advance payment of premiums for state employee family and medical leave insurance coverage, and, in connection therewith, transferring money from the family and medical leave insurance fund back to the revenue loss restoration cash fund.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Department Of Law Funds For Unanticipated State Legal Needs. Description: Concerning the authority of the department of law to use litigation management funds for unanticipated state legal needs.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Electric Vehicle Service Equipment Fund. Description: Concerning the creation of the electric vehicle service equipment fund, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Transfer To Water Plan Implementation Cash Fund. Description: Concerning a transfer from the severance tax operational fund to the water plan implementation cash fund.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Small Communities Water and Wastewater Grant Fund. Description: Concerning authorization to use money in the small communities water and wastewater grant fund to provide the state funds for water projects for which a state match is required to qualify for federal funds for the projects.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Hazardous Site Response Fund Transfer. Description: Concerning the transfer of money from the hazardous substance site response fund to the hazardous substance response fund.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Colorado Department of Public Health and Environment Dairy Plant Fees. Description: Concerning fees a dairy plant is required to pay to the department of public health and environment.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Creation Of Office Of School Safety. Description: Concerning the creation of the office of school safety, and, in connection therewith, requiring the director of the office of school safety to appoint a grants manager, creating a crisis response unit within the office of school safety, specifying that the office of school safety has oversight over the school safety resource center, specifying that the school access for emergency response grant program is administered by the office of school safety, creating a youth violence grant program administered by the office, and making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Community Corrections Financial Audit. Description: Concerning financial audits of the community corrections programs in the state, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: General Fund Transfers To Capital Construction Fund. Description: Concerning transfers from the general fund to the capital construction fund.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Technology Accessibility Cleanup. Description: Concerning updates to language in relevant Colorado statutes related to ensuring technology accessibility to persons with disabilities.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Transfer To Revenue Loss Restoration Cash Fund. Description: Concerning a transfer to the revenue loss restoration cash fund.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: State Emergency Reserve. Description: Concerning transfers to the state emergency reserve for the 2023-24 state fiscal year.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Division Of Civil Protections And Rights In Department Of Law. Description: Concerning the establishment of the division of civil protections and rights in the department of law.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Attorney General Regulated Consumer Credit Transactions. Description: Concerning consumer protection in certain credit transactions.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: False Reporting Of Emergency. Description: Concerning false reporting of an emergency.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Transfer From Severance Tax Operations Cash Fund. Description: Concerning a 2023-24 state fiscal year transfer from the severance tax operational fund to the capital construction fund for use by state-supported institutions of higher education in energy impacted counties, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Revoke Driver's License Appeal Attorney General. Description: Concerning a requirement that the attorney general represent the department of revenue in all driver's license and state identification card appeals, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Medical Price Transparency. Description: Concerning hospital medical price transparency.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Standards For Products Represented As Compostable. Description: Concerning standards for products represented as compostable in the state, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Search Warrant Procedures. Description: Concerning entry into a dwelling by a peace officer.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Wolf Depredation Compensation Fund. Description: Concerning the provision of compensation to people who suffer damages because of gray wolf depredation, and, in connection therewith, making and reducing appropriations.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Auto Theft Prevention Cash Fund. Description: Concerning funding for auto theft prevention programs, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Consolidate Colorado Educator Programs In Colorado Department of Education. Description: Concerning consolidating duties under the authorization process for Colorado educator preparation programs from the department of higher education to the department of education, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Individual Access To Publicly Funded Vaccines. Description: Concerning access to publicly funded vaccines.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Direct Care Workforce Stabilization Board. Description: Concerning the creation of the direct care workforce stabilization board to develop recommendations regarding direct care workers, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado engrossed a bill titled: Water Desalination Study And Report. Description: Concerning requiring the Colorado water conservation board to study the feasibility of water desalination as a potential contributing solution to the crisis of water scarcity in the Colorado river basin, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: General Fund Loand Natural Disaster Mitigation Enterprise. Description: Concerning a loan from the general fund to the natural disaster mitigation enterprise to defray expenses incurred before the receipt of fee revenue or revenue bond proceeds.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Alcohol Beverage Festival Participation. Description: Concerning the ability of certain alcohol beverage license holders to participate in festivals for alcohol beverage retail activity.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Prohibit Professional Discipline For Marijuana. Description: Concerning a prohibition on a regulator imposing discipline against a person based on certain activities involving marijuana.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Neonic Pesticides As Limited-use Pesticides. Description: Concerning a requirement that the commissioner of agriculture designate neonicotinoid pesticides as limited-use pesticides.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Chatfield State Park Water Quality Fee. Description: Concerning a water quality fee to be paid for admission to Chatfield state park, and, in connection therewith, requiring the division of parks and wildlife to collect the fee and transfer the amount of the fee to the Chatfield watershed authority.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Ten-year Transportation Plan Information. Description: Concerning the provision of information regarding the ten-year transportation plan.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Colorado Preschool Program Provider Bonus Payments. Description: Concerning creating a bonus payment program to incentivize Colorado preschool providers to participate in the Colorado universal preschool program, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Projects To Restore Natural Stream Systems. Description: Concerning activities that restore the environmental health of natural stream systems without administration.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Intoxicating Cannabinoid Hemp And Marijuana. Description: Concerning the regulation of compounds that are related to cannabinoids, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Joint Legislative Committee Meeting Disaster Declaration. Description: Concerning a joint legislative committee meeting about a disaster emergency declaration by the governor.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Water Quality Control Fee-setting By Rule. Description: Concerning water quality regulation in the state, and, in connection therewith, transferring fee-setting authority to the water quality control commission and modifying the membership of the commission.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Colorado Wild Horse Project. Description: Concerning managing wild horses, and, in connection therewith, authorizing the creation of an entity to support management of wild horse herds in Colorado, seeking long-term solutions for horses removed from the wild range, and making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Modifications To Laws Regarding Elections. Description: Concerning modifications to laws regarding elections, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Public Safety Programs Extended Uses. Description: Concerning measures to provide resources to increase public safety, and, in connection therewith, extending related existing appropriations.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Allocation For Art In Public Places For 2022-23 Fiscal Year. Description: Concerning a modification to the requirement that a portion of every capital construction appropriation be allocated for the acquisition of works of art.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Unserialized Firearms And Firearm Components. Description: Concerning prohibited activity related to firearms, and, in connection therewith, regulating firearms and firearm frames and receivers that do not have serial numbers; prohibiting manufacture of firearms, frames, and receivers by unlicensed persons; establishing a process for serializing firearms, frames, and receivers; and designating machine gun conversion devices as dangerous weapons.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Hazardous Material Mitigation. Description: Concerning the mitigation of certain transportation-related environmental hazards, and, in connection therewith, creating the fuels impact enterprise to administer programs and impose fees that are related to the transportation of fuel within the state, modifying the fee collected for the distribution to the perfluoroalkyl and polyfluoroalkyl substances cash fund, modifying the petroleum storage tank fund, allowing the Colorado state patrol to conform hazard materials routing regulations to transportation commission rules, and making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Limited Transferability Of College Credits Notice. Description: Concerning a required notice of limited transferability of college credits from a non-regionally-accredited higher education institution.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Jury Appreciation Day. Description: Concerning the creation of "Jury Appreciation Day".
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Mechanisms For Federal Infrastructure Funding. Description: Concerning mechanisms to utilize federal funding under federal infrastructure-related acts, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Ensure 12-month Contraception Coverage. Description: Concerning requirements for contraception insurance coverage that increases consistent access to the contraception most suited to the individual.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Energy And Carbon Management Regulation In Colorado. Description: Concerning energy and carbon management regulation in Colorado, and, in connection therewith, changing the name of the oil and gas conservation commission to the energy and carbon management commission, broadening the commission's regulatory authority to include the regulation of certain geothermal resource operations and intrastate underground natural gas storage facilities, and making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Access To Government Records. Description: Concerning improving public access to government records.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Public School Finance. Description: Concerning the financing of public schools, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Coverage For Doula Services. Description: Concerning measures to determine coverage for doula services, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Community First Choice Medicaid Benefit. Description: Concerning seeking an amendment to the medicaid state plan to implement the community first choice optional benefit.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Natural Medicine Regulation And Legalization. Description: Concerning natural medicine, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Utility Regulation. Description: Concerning the public utilities commission's regulation of energy utilities, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Labor Requirements For Energy Sector Construction. Description: Concerning labor requirements for energy sector construction, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Use Of Student Athlete's Name Image Or Likeness. Description: Concerning compensation of a student athlete for use of the student athlete's name, image, or likeness.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Increase General Fund Transfers To Capital Construction Fund. Description: Concerning increases in the amount of transfers from the general fund to the capital construction fund to be made on July 1, 2023.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Colorado River Drought Task Force. Description: Concerning the creation of the Colorado river drought task force, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Prevent Harassment And Discrimination In Schools. Description: Concerning protections for students against discriminatory practices at school.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: America 250 Colorado 150 Commission. Description: Concerning the expansion of the America 250 - Colorado 150 commission, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Allow Public Hospital Collaboration Agreements. Description: Concerning allowing certain public hospitals to improve access to health care through collaboration, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Epinephrine Auto-injectors At Institutions Of Higher Education. Description: Concerning the requirement to acquire epinephrine auto-injectors for placement at institutions of higher education.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Colorado Veterans' Service-to-career Program. Description: Concerning changes to the Colorado veterans' service-to-career program.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Reduce Property Taxes And Voter-approved Revenue Change. Description: Concerning a reduction in property taxes, and, in connection therewith, creating a limit on annual property tax increases for certain local governments; temporarily reducing the valuation for assessment of certain residential and nonresidential property; creating new subclasses of property; permitting the state to retain and spend revenue up to the proposition HH cap; requiring the retained revenue to be used to reimburse certain local governments for lost property tax revenue and to be deposited in the state education fund to backfill the reduction in school district property tax revenue; transferring general fund money to the state public school fund and to a cash fund to also be used for the reimbursements; eliminating the cap on the amount of excess state revenues that may be used for the reimbursements for the 2023 property tax year; referring a ballot issue; and making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Property Tax Valuation. Description: Concerning changes to property tax valuation practices, and, in connection therewith, requiring property tax assessors to consider certain information when valuing real property, requiring certain counties use an alternative protest and appeal procedure in any year of general reassessment of real property that is valued biennially, and clarifying that data that a property tax assessor is required to provide at the request of a taxpayer must include certain information.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Buildings In The Capitol Complex. Description: Concerning state capital assets, and, in connection therewith, determining office space for the legislative department in the capitol complex, specifying additional sources of funding and modifying the timing of the funding for certain capital construction projects for state-owned buildings, and making an appropriation.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: House Temporary Rules & Remote Participation. Description: Concerning the temporary Rules of the House of Representatives and changes to the Rules of the House of Representatives concerning remote participation in legislative proceedings.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: House Committees Of Reference. Description: Concerning changes to the Rules of the House of Representatives regarding committees of reference.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: House Officers & Employees. Description: Concerning employees and positions for the House of Representatives convened in the First Regular Session of the Seventy-fourth General Assembly.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Italian-American Heritage And Culture Month. Description: Concerning the observation of "Italian-American Heritage and Culture Month" in September 2023.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: 75th Anniversary Roundup Riders Of The Rockies. Description: Concerning the seventy-fifth anniversary of the Roundup Riders of the Rockies.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: House Appointment To Independent Ethics Commission. Description: Concerning the approval by the house of representatives of the speaker's appointment of Daniel Wolf to the independent ethics commission.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Senate Temporary Rules. Description: Concerning the temporary Rules of the Senate.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Senate Committees Of Reference. Description: Concerning changes to the Rules of the Senate regarding committees of reference.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Senate Officers And Employees. Description: Concerning the appointment of Officers and Employees for the Senate convened in the First Regular Session of the Seventy-fourth General Assembly.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Senate Rules Permanent Remote Testimony. Description: Concerning the Rules of the Senate, and, in connection therewith, making the temporary Rules of the Senate of the Seventy-fourth General Assembly permanent and making changes to the Rules of the Senate regarding remote participation in Senate legislative proceedings.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Single Parent Day. Description: Concerning recognition of Single Parent Day in Colorado.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Military Sexual Assault Survivors Month. Description: Concerning Military Sexual Assault Survivors Month.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Electrical Lineworker Appreciation Day. Description: Concerning the designation of April 18, 2023, as "Colorado Electrical Lineworker Appreciation Day".
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Judicial Discipline Procedures And Confidentiality. Description: Submitting to the registered electors of the state of Colorado an amendment to the Colorado constitution concerning judicial discipline, and, in connection therewith, establishing an independent judicial discipline adjudicative board, setting standards for judicial review of a discipline case, and clarifying when discipline proceedings become public.
In 2023, Colorado engrossed a bill titled: Modification to Property Tax Exemption For Veterans With A Disability. Description: Submitting to the registered electors of the state of Colorado an amendment to the Colorado constitution concerning the expansion of eligibility for the property tax exemption for veterans with a disability to include a veteran who does not have a service-connected disability rated as a one hundred percent permanent disability but does have individual unemployability status.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Canvass Of Votes. Description: Concerning a Joint Session of the House of Representatives and the Senate of the Seventy-fourth General Assembly for the purpose of canvassing the votes for certain officials at the election held November 8, 2022.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Committee Oversight Responsibilities. Description: Concerning changes to the Joint Rules of the Senate and House of Representatives regarding oversight responsibilities of committees of reference.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Joint Session Address By Tribal Councils. Description: Concerning a Joint Session of the House of Representatives and the Senate for the purpose of hearing a message from Representatives of the Ute Mountain Ute Tribe Tribal Council and the Southern Ute Indian Tribe Tribal Council, and appointing a committee to escort the Tribal Representatives.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: State Of The Judiciary. Description: Concerning a Joint Session of the House of Representatives and the Senate for the purpose of hearing a message from the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court, and appointing a committee to escort the Chief Justice.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: State Of The State. Description: Concerning a Joint Session of the House of Representatives and the Senate for the purpose of hearing a message from His Excellency, Governor Jared Polis, and appointing a committee to escort the Governor.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Commemorate Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.. Description: Concerning the commemoration of the birthday of the Reverend Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Water Projects Eligibility Lists. Description: Concerning approval of water project revolving fund eligibility lists administered by the Colorado water resources and power development authority.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Gold Star Families. Description: Concerning honoring Gold Star Families.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Recognizing African-American Veterans. Description: Concerning recognition of African-American veterans.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Military Day Commemoration. Description: Concerning recognition of the contributions of Latina and Latino veterans.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Native American Veterans. Description: Concerning honoring and recognizing the military service and contributions of Native American veterans and communities.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Seventy-eighth Anniversary World War II. Description: Concerning honoring Colorado veterans on the seventy-eighth anniversary of the end of World War II.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Military Day Commemoration. Description: Concerning the recognition and remembrance of military veterans in Colorado who served in the Vietnam War.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Anniversary USS Pueblo. Description: Concerning the fifty-fifth anniversary of the capture of the U.S.S. Pueblo by North Korea.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: United States Space Command. Description: Concerning reaffirming Colorado to be the permanent location for the United States Space Command, and, in connection therewith, urging the Department of Defense to keep the United States Space Command in Colorado.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Military Appreciation Day. Description: Concerning recognition of Military, Veterans, and MIA/POW Appreciation Day.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: 10th Mountain Division. Description: Concerning honoring the 10th Mountain Division of Colorado.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Equal Pay Day. Description: Concerning the designation of March 14, 2023, as "Equal Pay Day" in Colorado, and, in connection therewith, acknowledging the persistent problem of wage disparity.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Recognition Of Latino Advocacy Day. Description: Concerning the recognition of Latino/a/e/x Advocacy Day.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Honoring Police Officer Julian Becerra. Description: Concerning honoring Police Officer Julian Becerra.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Holocaust Commemoration. Description: Concerning the commemoration of the Holocaust.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Sexual Assault Awareness Month And Denim Day. Description: Concerning Sexual Assault Awareness Month, and, in connection therewith, recognizing April as Sexual Assault Awareness Month and designating April 26, 2023, as Colorado Denim Day.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Temporary Joint Rules. Description: Concerning the adoption of the Joint Rules as the temporary Joint Rules of the Seventy-fourth General Assembly.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: General Assembly Positions And Salary Ranges. Description: Concerning the officers and employees of the First Regular Session of the Seventy-fourth General Assembly.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Appointments To Uniform Law Commission. Description: Concerning the appointment of members of the Colorado commission on uniform state laws.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Uniform Sales And Use Tax On Construction Material. Description: Concerning uniformity among municipalities that locally collect sales and use tax on construction materials including issuance of building permits.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Missing Persons Day. Description: Concerning the designation of February 4 as "Missing Persons Day" in Colorado.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Equal Rights Amendment Anniversary. Description: Concerning the effort to acknowledge and enshrine in the Constitution the rights of women in the United States.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Colorado Aerospace Day. Description: Concerning the designation of March 13, 2023, as "Colorado Aerospace Day".
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Police Week And Peace Officers' Memorial Day. Description: Concerning declaring the week of May 12-16, 2023, as Police Week, and, in connection therewith, declaring May 15, 2023, as Peace Officers' Memorial Day.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Designate April 27 Sportsmen's Day. Description: Concerning the Colorado legislative sportsmen's caucus, and, in connection therewith, designating April 27, 2023, "Sportsmen's Day".
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Memorializing Former Representative Mike McLachlan. Description: Memorializing former Representative Mike McLachlan.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Memorialize Former Representative Jim Snook. Description: Memorializing former Representative Jim Snook.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Memorializing Former Representative Jeanne Labuda. Description: Memorializing former Representative Jeanne Labuda.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Memorialize Former Senator Don Sandoval. Description: Memorializing former Senator Don Sandoval.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Memorialize Senator Richard (Dick) Soash. Description: Memorializing former Senator Richard (Dick) Soash.
In 2023, Colorado engrossed a bill titled: Memorialize Former Representative And Senator Dottie Wham. Description: Memorializing former Representative and Senator Dottie Wham.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Memorialize Senator John (Jack) Taylor. Description: Memorializing former Senator John (Jack) Taylor.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Memorialize Former Representative & Senator Dennis Gallagher. Description: Memorializing former Representative and Senator Dennis Gallagher.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Memorialize Former Senator Tilman M. Bishop. Description: Memorializing former Senator Tilman M. Bishop.
In 2023, Colorado passed a bill titled: Memorializing Former Senator Gloria Tanner. Description: Memorializing former Senator Gloria Tanner.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Remote Participation In Party Committee Meetings. Description: Concerning authorization for remote participation in political party committee meetings.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Reductions Certain Taxpayers' Income Tax Liability. Description: Concerning reductions to certain taxpayers' state income tax liability related to state tax law changes made in 2020, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Legislative Proceedings During Disaster Emergency. Description: Concerning the conduct of legislative proceedings during a declared disaster emergency.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Colorado Uniform Electronic Wills Act. Description: Concerning the "Colorado Uniform Electronic Wills Act".
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Health Care Services Reserve Corps Task Force. Description: Concerning the establishment of the health care services reserve corps task force, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Fifth-day School Enrichment Programs Funding. Description: Concerning fifth-day school week supplemental enrichment programs.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: State Apprenticeship Agency. Description: Concerning a state apprenticeship registration program in the department of labor and employment, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Forest Health Project Financing. Description: Concerning increased options for financing forest health projects, and, in connection therewith, financing wildfire mitigation treatments.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Update Division Housing Function & Local Development. Description: Concerning an update to statutory provisions governing the functions of the division of housing in the department of local affairs to facilitate housing that promotes state goals for local development, and, in connection therewith, enabling the division of housing to leverage state housing funding to promote the state's affordable housing and energy performance objectives.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Diverse K-12 Educator Workforce Report. Description: Concerning increasing the diversity of Colorado's educators in elementary and secondary public schools, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Multilingual Ballot Access For Voters. Description: Concerning the expansion of multilingual ballot access for electors in the state, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Expand Prescription Drug Monitoring Program. Description: Concerning expansion of the prescription drug monitoring program to track information regarding all prescription drugs prescribed in Colorado, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Division Of Domestic Stock Insurer. Description: Concerning the division of a domestic stock insurer into multiple resulting domestic stock insurers, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Disability Symbol Identification Document. Description: Concerning the ability of a person to voluntarily disclose disability information to the department of revenue, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Security Protections Criminal Justice Personnel. Description: Concerning security protections for certain criminal justice system personnel.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Transfer Jurisdiction To Veteran's Speciality Court. Description: Concerning the authority to transfer jurisdiction of a veteran defendant's case to a jurisdiction with a veteran's speciality court.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Adoptive Parents Payments To Outside Providers. Description: Concerning allowing adoptive parents who are parties to adoption assistance agreements to pay for medical services that would otherwise be reimbursable under the medical assistance program.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Modification To Regulations Of Factory-built Structures. Description: Concerning modifications to the regulations of factory-built structures.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Peer Support Professionals Behavioral Health. Description: Concerning supporting the peer support professional workforce, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Surrogacy Agreements. Description: Concerning the protection of parties through the enforcement of proper surrogacy agreements.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Nonsubstantive Emails And Open Meetings Law. Description: Concerning a clarification under the Colorado open meetings law of the requirements governing communication by electronic mail that does not relate to the substance of public business.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Continue Alcohol Beverage Takeout And Delivery. Description: Concerning the authorization for certain alcohol license holders to offer alcohol beverages for consumption off the licensed premises, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Annual Public Report Affordable Housing. Description: Concerning the preparation by the division of housing within the department of local affairs of an annual public report that provides information on money administered by the state to promote the provision of affordable housing, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Expanding Peace Officers Mental Health Grant Program. Description: Concerning expanding the peace officers behavioral health support grant program to include community partnerships, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Jurisdiction To Modify Family Law Orders On Appeal. Description: Concerning continuing jurisdiction to modify family law orders during the pendency of an appeal.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Winery License Include Noncontiguous Areas. Description: Concerning allowing a manufacturer of vinous liquors to maintain licensed premises consisting of multiple noncontiguous locations, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Invasive Pest Control Administration. Description: Concerning the department of agriculture's authority to control pests.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Water Share Right Mutual Ditch Corporation. Description: Concerning the use of a water right obtained through a mutual ditch corporation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: County Commissioner Districts Gerrymandering. Description: Concerning the drawing of voting districts by county governments.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Retail Business Must Accept Cash. Description: Concerning a requirement that retail establishments accept United States currency for purchases.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Workers' Compensation. Description: Concerning the "Workers' Compensation Act of Colorado", and, in connection therewith, making changes that affect the timely payment of benefits, guardian ad litem and conservator services, benefit offsets related to the receipt of federal disability or retirement benefits, the reduction of benefits based on apportionment, the selection of independent medical examiners, limits on temporary disability and permanent partial disability payments, the withdrawal of admissions of liability, mileage expense reimbursement, the authority of prehearing administrative law judges, the reopening of permanent total disability awards, and petitions for review and appeals of orders.
In 2021, Colorado enrolled a bill titled: Public Information Applicants For Public Employment. Description: Concerning publicly available information about applicants for public employment.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Define Pumped Hydroelectricity As Renewable Energy. Description: Concerning the inclusion of pumped hydroelectric energy generation in the definition of "eligible energy resources" for purposes of meeting Colorado's renewable energy standard.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Housing Public Benefit Verification Requirement. Description: Concerning a housing assistance exception to the requirement to verify lawful presence in the United States for public benefits.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Compensation For School District Board Members. Description: Concerning allowing compensation for a school district board of education by written resolution.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Cost Thresholds For Public Project Bidding Requirements. Description: Concerning public projects supervised by the department of transportation that are subject to the "Construction Bidding for Public Projects Act".
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Extortion Of Immigrants Engaging In Lawful Acts. Description: Concerning a prohibition against the extortion of immigrants for engaging in lawful acts.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Online Student Protections. Description: Concerning protections for students who participate in online instruction.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: U Visa Certification Requirements. Description: Concerning the certification process for the purpose of application for U nonimmigrant status.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Residential Land Property Tax Classification. Description: Concerning the definition of residential land for the purpose of property tax classification.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Model Law Credit Extraterritorial Reinsurance. Description: Concerning additional means by which credit for reinsurance may be allowed to a domestic ceding insurer.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Update Processes Juvenile Sex Offender Registry. Description: concerning the treatment of persons with mental health disorders in the criminal and juvenile justice systems regarding juveniles who have committed sex offenses, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Veterans' Hiring Preference. Description: Concerning the authority of a private employer to adopt a veterans' preference employment policy when hiring new employees.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: CDOT Colorado Department of Transportation Financial Reporting Requirements. Description: Concerning the modification of monthly financial reporting requirements of the department of transportation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: College Admission Use Of National Test Score. Description: Concerning a national assessment test score as an eligibility criterion for admission to a Colorado institution of higher education.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Insurance Coverage Mental Health Wellness Exam. Description: Concerning health insurance coverage for an annual mental health wellness examination performed by a qualified mental health care provider, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Enforcement Of Sexual Exploitation Of A Child. Description: Concerning enhancing the enforcement of crimes of sexual exploitation of a child, and, in connection therewith, requiring a post-enactment review of the implementation of this act and making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Ranked Choice Voting In Nonpartisan Elections. Description: Concerning the use of ranked choice voting in nonpartisan elections.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Equal Access Services For Out-of-home Placements. Description: Concerning equal access to services related to out-of-home placements.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Support Foster Families License Plate. Description: Concerning the creation of a "support foster families" license plate, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Replace The Term Illegal Alien. Description: Concerning replacing the term "illegal alien" with "worker without authorization" as it relates to public contracts for services.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Carpooling Service Internet Application Register Colorado Department Of Transportation. Description: Concerning carpooling service internet applications, and, in connection therewith, requiring that application owners or operators register with the department of transportation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Legislative Oversight Committee Concerning Tax Policy. Description: concerning tax policy, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: State Board Assessment Appeals Valuation Adjustment. Description: Concerning the modification on appeal of property valuation set by the county board of equalization.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Drivers' Licenses For Foster Children. Description: Concerning the ability of certain individuals in the custody of the state department of human services to acquire legal authority to drive, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Secure Transportation Behavioral Health Crisis. Description: Concerning secure transportation for an individual in behavioral health crisis, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Teaching And Learning Conditions Survey. Description: Concerning authorizing education support professionals to participate in the teaching and learning conditions survey, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Criminal Marijuana Offenses. Description: Concerning certain criminal marijuana offenses.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Sentencing Juveniles Transferred To Adult Court. Description: Concerning sentencing parity for juveniles convicted as adults following the transfer of charges with juveniles convicted as adults following the direct filing of charges.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Foster Youth In Transition Program. Description: Concerning the transition of youth in Colorado's foster care system to successful adulthood, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: 811 Locate Exemption For County Road Maintenance. Description: Concerning excavation notification requirements for underground facility location in connection with county road maintenance.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Establish Behavioral Health Administration. Description: Concerning recommendations from the Colorado behavioral health task force, and, in connection therewith, establishing a behavioral health administration.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Policies And Procedures To Identify Domestic Abuse. Description: Concerning authorization to implement best practices for child welfare caseworkers to recognize domestic abuse, and, in connection therewith, addressing domestic abuse as a form of child abuse or neglect, and making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Electronic Filing Of Documents With Governmental Entities. Description: Concerning the ability to file documents electronically with governmental entities.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Preserving Family Relationships In Child Placement. Description: Concerning preserving familial connections in actions initiated pursuant to the children's code, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Consumer Protection For Dog And Cat Purchasers. Description: Concerning requirements of pet stores that sell certain pet animals.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Media Literacy Implementation. Description: Concerning implementing the recommendations of the media literacy advisory committee in elementary and secondary education created pursuant to House Bill 19-1110.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Professional Educator Licensure Renewal Period. Description: Concerning extending the renewal period for professional educator licenses from five to seven years, and, in connection therewith, making and reducing an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Low-income Utility Payment Assistance Contributions. Description: Concerning utility customers' financial contributions for low-income utility assistance.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Safe Storage Of Firearms. Description: Concerning measures to secure firearms to prevent use by persons not lawfully permitted to possess firearms.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Protections For Public Health Department Workers. Description: Concerning protections for certain public health workers.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Gender Identity Expression Anti-discrimination. Description: Concerning updates to prohibitions against gender-based discrimination to clarify the individuals who are included in a protected class.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Broadband Board Changes To Expand Broadband Service. Description: Concerning the broadband deployment board, and, in connection therewith, moving the board from the department of regulatory agencies to the office of information technology, modifying the composition of the board, requiring the board to develop a request for proposal process for deploying broadband into critically unserved areas in the state, requiring the board to give additional consideration to proposed projects that would include discounted service for low-income households, and making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Colorado Laws For Persons With Disabilities. Description: Concerning adding language to relevant Colorado statutes related to persons with disabilities to strengthen protections against discrimination on the basis of disability, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Consent Collection Personal Information. Description: Concerning the possession of certain personal information by governmental entities.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: School District Scholarship Programs. Description: Concerning authorization for a school district to establish a scholarship program for school district graduates using the school district's locally received money.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: School District Provision Of Internet Service. Description: Concerning the provision of internet service by a school district to enable individuals associated with the district to access a school district network.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Board Of Health Member Requirements. Description: Concerning the regulation of members of boards of health, and, in connection therewith, regulating the members of state, county, and district boards of health.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Purple Heart Recipient Free State Park Access. Description: Concerning access to state parks by purple heart recipients.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Local Government Authority Promote Affordable Housing Units. Description: Concerning the ability of local governments to promote the development of new affordable housing units pursuant to their existing authority to regulate land use within their territorial boundaries.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Suicide Prevention, Intervention, & Postvention. Description: Concerning lowering the suicide rate by enhancing care for persons affected by suicide, and, in connection therewith, broadening Colorado's focus to include suicide prevention, intervention, and postvention.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Residential Tenancy Procedures. Description: Concerning protections for residential tenants related to actions by landlords.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: First Responder Interactions Persons With Disabilities. Description: Concerning establishing a commission to improve first responder interactions with persons with disabilities, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: CAPS Checks For Substantiated Mistreatment Of Adult. Description: Concerning a CAPS check for substantiated cases of mistreatment of an at-risk adult.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Expand Ability Conduct Business Electronically. Description: Concerning an expansion of the ability to conduct business activities electronically.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: State Architect Authority Execute Certain Leases. Description: Concerning the office of the state architect's authority to execute leases on behalf of the state for privately owned property.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Hospice And Palliative Care License Plate. Description: Concerning the creation of a special license plate for end-of-life care, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Extend Deadline For Training To Teach Reading. Description: Concerning extension of the deadline by which teachers must complete training in teaching reading.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Expand Transition Specialist Program. Description: Concerning expanding the community transition specialist program.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Cooperative Electric Associations Governance Requirements. Description: Concerning governance requirements for cooperative electric associations.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Local Government Limited Gaming Impact Fund. Description: Concerning authorized distributions from the local government limited gaming impact fund.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: K-12 Seizure Training & Individual Action Plans. Description: Concerning strategic resources for kindergarten through twelfth grade schools to provide a safer environment for kindergarten through twelfth grade students who have been diagnosed with a seizure disorder.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Report Tenant Rent Payment Information To Credit Agencies. Description: Concerning facilitating the reporting of tenants' rent payment information to consumer reporting agencies at the tenants' request, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Judicial Division Retirees Temporary Judicial Duties Compensation. Description: Concerning modifications to the policies governing judicial division retirees returning to temporary judicial duties, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Limit Notification General Assembly Regarding Adoption Of Rules. Description: Concerning notification by legislative staff to members of the general assembly regarding rules adopted as a result of legislation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Restrict Off-highway Vehicles On Public Roads. Description: Concerning clarifying restrictions on the operation of off-highway vehicles.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Care Of Dogs And Cats In Pet Animal Facilities. Description: Concerning the care of pet animals in the custody of certain pet animal facilities.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Driver's License Electronic Renewal By Seniors. Description: Concerning the acquisition of forms of identification from the department of revenue, and, in connection therewith, facilitating the renewal of drivers' licenses by mail and by electronic means, facilitating the renewal of identification cards by electronic means, facilitating the renewal of drivers' licenses and identification cards by older individuals, and allowing certain individuals to sign a driving log attesting that a minor driver with an instruction permit has completed a minimum number of driving hours.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Eliminate Donor Costs For Living Organ Donations. Description: Concerning the elimination of costs associated with living organ donation for a living organ donor, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Electric Vehicle License Plate. Description: Concerning the creation of a license plate for plug-in electric motor vehicles, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Eyewitness Identification Showup Regulations. Description: Concerning measures related to eyewitness identification techniques, and, in connection therewith, requiring reporting data related to eyewitness techniques and regulating the use of showup identifications.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Protect Survivors' Rights To Rape Kit Evidence. Description: Concerning forensic medical evidence of sexual assault.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Support Pollinator Special License Plate. Description: Concerning the creation of a special license plate to support pollinators, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Auricular Acudetox Professional Practice. Description: Concerning the practice of auricular acudetox by a professional, and, in connection therewith, clarifying that in order to perform auricular acudetox, a person does not need to be licensed, certified, or registered as a mental health professional.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Simplify Architects Continuing Education Requirement. Description: Concerning simplification of the regulatory requirements for continuing education of professional architects.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Colorado State Fair Annual Report Submission Date Change. Description: Concerning the distribution of an annual report regarding the Colorado state fair, and, in connection therewith, changing the annual reporting deadline and requiring that the report be submitted to all members of the general assembly.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Energy Sector Career Pathway In Higher Education. Description: Concerning supporting an energy sector career pathway for Colorado, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Create The Colorado Office Of New Americans. Description: Concerning the creation of the Colorado office of new Americans.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Indian Tribes To Certify Own Foster Homes. Description: Concerning allowing a federally recognized Indian tribe to certify its own foster homes.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Repeal Obsolete Capitol Dome Restoration Fund. Description: Concerning the repeal of statutes related to the obsolete capitol dome restoration fund.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Enter Zone Child Care Income Tax Credit. Description: Concerning the repeal of the enterprise zone child care contributions income tax credit for income tax years commencing prior to January 1, 1999.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Modification To Child Care Tax Credit To Address Defects. Description: Concerning the elimination of obsolete provisions of the child care contribution state income tax credit.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Sales Tax Statute Modifications To Address Defects. Description: Concerning modifications to the sales and use tax statutes in order to address certain defects and anachronisms.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Fix Defects Related To Severance Withholdings. Description: Concerning the correction of statutory defects related to severance tax withholdings from a disbursement to an oil and gas interest owner.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Accurate References For Department of Revenue Tax Administration. Description: Concerning the accurate statutory reference to the types of taxes administered by the department of revenue for purposes of administrative requirements.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Special Fuel Farm Equipment Sales Use Tax. Description: Concerning nonsubstantive modifications to sales and use tax exemptions, and, in connection therewith, reorganizing sales and use tax exemptions for agriculture, livestock, and special fuels.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Suspend Statewide Assessments For Select Grades. Description: Concerning suspending required statewide assessments for selected grade levels for the 2020-21 school year, and, in connection therewith, reducing an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Management Of Plastic Products. Description: Concerning the management of plastic products.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Total Program Mill Levy Tax Credit. Description: Concerning reductions in the property tax credits that apply to school districts' total program mill levies for purposes of funding the "Public School Finance Act of 1994".
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Assistance For Victims Of Strangulation. Description: Concerning assistance for victims of strangulation who receive medical examinations.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Behavioral Health Crisis Response Training. Description: Concerning training providers across the state in cross-system behavioral health crisis response as it relates to persons with intellectual and developmental disabilities, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Private Construction Contract Payments. Description: Concerning retainage in construction contracts governing improvements to private real property.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Historically Underutilized Businesses Local Government Procurement. Description: Concerning historically underutilized businesses in local government procurement.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Prohibit Discrimination Organ Transplant Recipient. Description: Concerning the prohibition of discrimination against a potential organ transplant recipient based solely on the person's disability.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Kidney Disease Task Force. Description: Concerning the creation of the kidney disease prevention and education task force, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Prohibiting Legacy Preferences In Higher Ed Insts. Description: Concerning prohibiting higher education institutions from considering legacy preferences in the admissions process.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Transfer Senate Bill 20-219 Certificates Of Participation Issuance Premium To Capital Construction Fund. Description: Concerning the transfer to the capital construction fund of any excess proceeds from the issuance of a lease-purchase agreement under Senate Bill 20-219 that are initially credited to the emergency controlled maintenance account.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Add Use Tax Exemption To Some Sales Tax Exemption. Description: Concerning the inclusion of use tax exemptions for certain existing sales tax exemptions in order to make the exemptions compatible with fundamental principles of sales and use tax.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Correcting Errors in the Colorado Marijuana Code. Description: Concerning correcting nonsubstantive errors in the Colorado marijuana code.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Measures To Increase Biomass Utilization. Description: Concerning measures to increase biomass utilization throughout the state.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Agricultural Soil Health Program. Description: Concerning the creation of a voluntary soil health program, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Effective Date Of Senate Bill 20-123. Description: Concerning the effective date of Senate Bill 20-123.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Regional Transportation District Operation. Description: Concerning relieving the regional transportation district of statutory restrictions related to the district's operations.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Long-term Services And Support Case Management Redesign. Description: Concerning the implementation of case management redesign to ensure conflict-free case management for members eligible for long-term services and supports under the medicaid program.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Additional Liability Under Respondeat Superior. Description: Concerning additional liability of a defendant who admits liability under respondeat superior.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Regulate Air Toxics. Description: Concerning additional public health protections in relation to the emission of air toxics, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Defining Telemedicine For Medical Practitioners. Description: Concerning the definition of "telemedicine" for the purposes of the "Colorado Medical Practice Act".
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Consumer Protection Supplemental Restraint Systems. Description: Concerning consumer protection for acts related to a supplemental restraint system.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Immigration Legal Defense Fund. Description: Concerning creation of the immigration legal defense fund, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Regulation Of Radon Professionals. Description: Concerning the regulation of radon professionals, and, in connection therewith, requiring licensure to practice as a radon measurement professional or radon mitigation professional, and making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Health-care Billing Requirements For Indigent Patients. Description: Concerning health-care billing requirements for indigent patients receiving services not reimbursed through the Colorado indigent care program, and, in connection therewith, establishing procedures before initiating collections proceedings against a patient and making and reducing appropriations.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Revise Student Financial Literacy Standards. Description: Concerning financial literacy standards for public schools, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Transparency Telecommunications Correctional Facilities. Description: Concerning transparency of penal communications service providers in correctional facilities, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Unemployment Insurance Marijuana-licensed Business. Description: Concerning the treatment of a marijuana-licensee-owned business that provides employment services to a commonly controlled marijuana business as a single employing unit.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Medicaid Transportation Services. Description: Concerning the protection of critical services through the creation of sustainable medicaid transportation safety requirements, and, in connection therewith, making and reducing an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Overpayment Of Workers' Compensation Benefits. Description: Concerning the overpayment of workers' compensation benefits.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Natural Disaster Mitigation Enterprise. Description: Concerning the creation of an enterprise that is exempt from the requirements of section 20 of article X of the state constitution to administer a fee-based natural disaster mitigation grant program.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Parole Eligibility For Youthful Offenders. Description: Concerning offenders who committed an offense when under twenty-one years of age, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Regulation Of Restrictive Housing In Jails. Description: Concerning regulations for restrictive housing in local jails.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Diversity Of Governor's Appointments To Boards. Description: Concerning the diversity of members appointed by the governor to boards authorized by the general assembly.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Record Sealing Collateral Consequences Reduction. Description: Concerning increased eligibility for procedures to reduce collateral sanctions experienced by defendants, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Expansion Of Justice Crime Prevention Initiative. Description: Concerning the expansion of the justice reinvestment crime prevention initiative, and, in connection therewith, creating a small business grant program for justice-system-involved persons and making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Marijuana Licensees Ability To Change Designation. Description: Concerning the ability for certain marijuana licensees to change the designation of marijuana from retail to medical.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Military Family Open Enrollment In Public Schools. Description: Concerning active duty military family enrollment in public schools.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Professional Fire Fighters License Plate Standards. Description: Concerning organizational requirements to qualify applicants to be issued the Colorado professional fire fighters license plate.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Nurses Special License Plate. Description: Concerning a special license plate to recognize nurses in Colorado, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Colorado Child Support Commission Recommendations. Description: Concerning implementing recommendations of the Colorado child support commission.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Bullying Prevention And Education In Schools. Description: Concerning measures to prevent bullying in public schools.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Regulation Of Family Child Care Homes. Description: Concerning aligning local governing authority regulations to expand opportunities to access child care in family child care homes.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Create Outdoor Recreation Industry Office. Description: Concerning the creation of the outdoor recreation industry office in the office of economic development.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Modification To Statutes Governing Foreclosure Of Real Property. Description: Concerning modifications to the provisions governing foreclosure sales of real property.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Electronic Recording Technology Board. Description: Concerning the electronic recording technology board, and, in connection therewith, delaying the board's repeal and sunset review so that the board may continue making grants to counties, extending the filing surcharge collected by county clerk and recorders on behalf of the board, expanding the scope of allowable grants, and extending reporting requirements.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: More Robust Check Station Aquatic Nuisance Species. Description: Concerning additional measures to control aquatic nuisance species, and, in connection therewith, prohibiting a person from refusing to stop at a check station and directing the division of parks and wildlife to report to the general assembly regarding implementation of the act.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Medicaid Nursing Facilities Demonstration Of Need. Description: Concerning medical assistance program requirements for nursing facilities, and, in connection therewith, establishing a demonstration of need.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Domestic Violence Training Court Personnel. Description: Concerning oversight of court personnel who are regularly involved in cases related to domestic matters, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Home Owners' Associations Governance Funding Record Keeping. Description: Concerning increased protections for unit owners in the governance of unit owners' associations under the "Colorado Common Interest Ownership Act".
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Create User-friendly State Internet Rules Portal. Description: Concerning creation of a user-friendly state internet portal relating to state agency rules, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: United States Space Force. Description: Concerning the United States Space Force, and, in connection therewith, authorizing the Colorado Space National Guard and including the United States Space Force in statutory references to the branches of the United States armed forces.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Standardized Health Benefit Plan Colorado Option. Description: Concerning the establishment of a standardized health benefit plan to be offered in Colorado, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Conservation Easement Tax Credit Modifications. Description: Concerning modifications to the requirements for claiming an income tax credit for the donation of a perpetual conservation easement, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Supplemental Education High-impact Tutoring Programs. Description: Concerning reducing student learning loss through the creation of high-impact tutoring programs, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Regulation Of Fireworks. Description: Concerning measures to improve public safety through the modification of the regulation of fireworks.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: State Information Technology. Description: Concerning the modification of certain statutory provisions to reflect the current state information technology environment.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Competitive Pharmacy Benefits Manager Marketplace. Description: Concerning the creation of a competitive pharmacy benefits manager marketplace.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Public Utilities Commission Modernize Gas Utility Demand-side Management Standards. Description: Concerning the modernization of gas energy efficiency programs.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Protections In Consumer Sales Transactions. Description: Concerning adding protections for consumers who purchase certain items, and, in connection therewith, establishing requirements regarding the execution and enforcement of dating service contracts and automatic renewal contracts.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Employee-owned Business Loan Program Modifications. Description: Concerning modifications to the employee ownership loan program.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Create Agricultural Drought And Climate Resilience Office. Description: Concerning the creation of an agricultural drought and climate resilience office in the department of agriculture, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Wolf Reintroduction Funding With No License Fees. Description: Concerning the establishment of funding for the program to reintroduce and manage gray wolves in the state from sources other than hunting and fishing license fees.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: On-track Equipment Railroad Crossings. Description: Concerning the inclusion of on-track equipment in certain safety provisions that regulate railroad crossings.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Colorado Department Of Public Health And Environment Contract Pay To Grantees Up Front. Description: Concerning allowing the department of public health and environment to award a percentage of the total value of an annual contract to a grantee of a grant program of the department upon the execution or renewal of the annual contract.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Colorado Children's Trust Fund Act. Description: Concerning updating the provisions of the "Colorado Children's Trust Fund Act", and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Repeal Gaming City Audit Requirement. Description: Concerning the repeal of a requirement that the state auditor conduct audits of the portion of the limited gaming fund that is transferred to the state historical fund for the preservation of certain gaming cities.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Measures to Address Law Enforcement Accountability. Description: Concerning measures to address law enforcement accountability, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Appropriate Use Of Chemical Restraints On A Person. Description: Concerning the appropriate use of ketamine upon a person in a prehospital setting, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Renewable And Clean Energy Project Grants. Description: Concerning a general fund transfer to the local government severance tax fund to fund grants to local governments for renewable and clean energy infrastructure projects, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Protection Order Issued Against Domestic Abuser. Description: Concerning procedures for a domestic abuser upon the issuance of a protection order, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Delivering Health-care Services Through Telemedicine. Description: Concerning the promulgation of rules by the department of health care policy and financing as it relates to entities that deliver services predominately through telemedicine.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Recognition Of Veterans In Capitol Complex Parks. Description: Concerning the recognition of veterans in relation to certain parks within the state capitol complex, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Rapid Mental Health Response For Colorado Youth. Description: Concerning establishing a temporary program to facilitate youth mental health services in response to identified needs, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Extended Learning Opportunities. Description: Concerning the process for funding local education providers for extended learning opportunities to address disrupted learning.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: General Fund Transfer Implement State Water Plan. Description: Concerning transfers of money from the general fund to implement the state water plan, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Extend Beetle Kill Wood Products Sales Tax Exemption. Description: Concerning the extension of the sales and use tax exemption for beetle kill wood products.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Money Support Agricultural Events Organization. Description: Concerning monetary support for agricultural events in Colorado, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Meeting And Events Incentive Program. Description: Concerning the creation of the Colorado meeting and events incentive program, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Funds Workforce Development Increase Worker Skills. Description: Concerning the allocation of state money for workforce development activities to increase the skills of Colorado workers, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Qualified Retailer Retain Sales Tax For Assistance. Description: Concerning a temporary deduction from state net taxable sales for certain retailers in the state in order to allow such retailers to retain the resulting sales tax collected as assistance for lost revenue as a result of the economic disruptions due to the presence of coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) in Colorado, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Environmental Justice Disproportionate Impacted Community. Description: Concerning efforts to redress the effects of environmental injustice on disproportionately impacted communities, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: County Authority To Delegate Mill Levy Certification. Description: Concerning a board of county commissioners' optional delegation of the administrative duty to certify mill levies.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Study Emerging Technologies For Water Management. Description: Concerning a requirement that Colorado institutions of higher education study potential uses of emerging technologies to more effectively manage Colorado's water supply, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation conditioned on the receipt of matching funds from gifts, grants, and donations.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Public Utilities Commission Study Of Community Choice Energy. Description: Concerning an investigation by the public utilities commission to evaluate the parameters of an energy policy allowing communities in Colorado that are served by an investor-owned electric utility to choose alternative wholesale electricity suppliers, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Appropriation To Department Of Human Services For Supplemental Assistance Nutrition Program. Description: Concerning an appropriation to the department of human services for services related to the Colorado employment first program within the supplemental assistance nutrition program, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Department Of Local Affairs Innovative Affordable Housing Strategies. Description: Concerning the establishment of programs offering state assistance to local governments to promote the development of innovative affordable housing strategies in a manner that is compatible with best local land use practices, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Supporting The Child Protection Ombudsman. Description: concerning child protections.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Colorado Department Of Education Report Concerning School Psychologists. Description: Concerning requiring the department of education to prepare an annual report relating to the total number of school psychologists licensed and employed by a school district, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Unused State-owned Real Property Beneficial Use. Description: Concerning the beneficial use of unused state-owned real property, and, in connection therewith, directing the department of personnel to inventory such property and use such property to promote affordable housing, child care, public schools, residential mental and behavioral health care, and renewable energy development.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Medicaid Reimbursement For Services By Pharmacists. Description: Concerning reimbursement for pharmacists' services under the medical assistance act, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Prevention Of Substance Use Disorders. Description: Concerning the prevention of substance use disorders, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Eligible Recipients For Final Disposition Expenses. Description: Concerning definitions for reimbursement of final disposition expenses of eligible assistance recipients.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Special District Meeting Requirements. Description: Concerning meeting requirements for the boards of special districts.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Occupational Therapy Interstate Compact. Description: concerning the limited interstate practice of occupational therapy and providing for the issuance of provisional licenses to certain qualified individuals.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Pre-trial Detention Reform. Description: Concerning measures to assist defendants in securing release from jail through the bonding process, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Community Behavioral Health Disaster Program. Description: Concerning the creation of the community behavioral health disaster preparedness and response program in the department of public health and environment to ensure behavioral health is adequately represented within disaster preparedness and response efforts across the state, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Add Consumer Protections Regulation Mortgage Servicers. Description: Concerning additional consumer protections resulting from the regulation of mortgage servicers, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Vehicle Towing Consumer Protection. Description: Concerning measures to address consumer protection concerns regarding vehicle towing, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Limit Fee Install Active Solar Energy System. Description: Concerning modifications to the limitation on the aggregate amount of fees that may be assessed by governmental bodies for the installation of active solar energy systems, and, in connection therewith, extending the repeal date of the limitation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Funding To Support Creative Arts Industries. Description: Concerning the allocation of general fund money to provide support to creative arts industries, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Energy Performance For Buildings. Description: Concerning measures to improve energy efficiency, and, in connection therewith, requiring owners of large buildings to collect and report on energy-use benchmarking data and comply with rules regarding performance standards related to energy and greenhouse gas emissions and modifying statutory requirements regarding energy performance contracts.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Marriage Or Civil Union License Procedures. Description: Concerning measures related to permitting parties to certain proposed legal relationships under title 14, Colorado Revised Statutes, to satisfy certain requirements without having to appear in person.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Colorado Startup Loan Program. Description: Concerning the creation of the Colorado startup loan program, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Funding For Broadband Deployment. Description: Concerning broadband deployment, and, in connection therewith, codifying the Colorado broadband office in the office of information technology; creating the digital inclusion grant program, the broadband stimulus grant program, and the interconnectivity grant program; and making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Additional Funding For Just Transition. Description: Concerning funding to provide just transition for coal transition workers and coal transition communities, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Insurer Agent Branded Vehicle Title. Description: Concerning allowing an agent of an insurer to obtain certain branded titles for vehicles that have been declared a total loss.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Report Revenues From Sports Betting Activity. Description: Concerning a requirement for reporting revenues derived from sports betting activity.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Banks Modify Threshold Credentialed Appraiser. Description: Concerning a modification to the threshold below which a bank need not use a credentialed appraiser to appraise property reflected in its balance sheet.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: K-12 Education Accountability Systems Performance Audit. Description: Concerning an evaluation of the statewide systems used to measure the performance of the elementary and secondary public education system of the state, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Limited Gaming Codify Executive Orders. Description: Concerning the codification of executive orders pertaining to limited gaming, and, in connection therewith, allowing license applicants to submit fingerprints after the initial submission of an application, eliminating the statutory limit on the number of players permitted in the game of blackjack, and allowing a casino operator to divide its lawful gaming space into more than two noncontiguous spaces.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Pharmacy Benefit Manager And Insurer Requirements. Description: Concerning requirements regarding the administration of prescription drug benefits under health benefit plans.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Department of Corrections Supplemental. Description: Concerning a supplemental appropriation to the department of corrections.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Expand Firearm Transfer Background Check Requirements. Description: Concerning the conditions under which a firearm transfer may be prohibited following a background check, and, in connection therewith, requiring approval of a firearm transfer prior to a transfer by a licensed dealer, establishing grounds for denying a transfer, and clarifying the process to appeal a denied transfer.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Office Of Gun Violence Prevention. Description: Concerning establishing an office of gun violence prevention, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Health-care Provider Liens For Injured Persons. Description: Concerning health-care provider liens related to charges for health care provided to a person injured as a result of the negligence or wrongful acts of another person.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Cannabis Outdoor Cultivation Measures. Description: Concerning the removal of impediments to cannabis farming, and, in connection therewith, permitting contingency plans to reduce crop loss based on adverse weather and convening a working group to examine measures to reduce cross-pollination, and making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Continue COVID-19 Small Business Grant Program. Description: Concerning a grant program for small businesses affected by economic hardship caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Global Warming Potential For Public Project Materials. Description: Concerning measures to limit the global warming potential for certain materials used in public projects, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Early Childhood System. Description: Concerning measures to establish a unified early childhood system in Colorado, and, in connection therewith, creating the department of early childhood and making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Mental Health Practice Act. Description: Concerning the practice of mental health professionals, and, in connection therewith, clarifying education and hours of practice required for licensure or certification as an addiction counselor; and establishing supervision privileges for certified and licensed addiction counselors.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Accreditation Of Postsecondary Institutions. Description: Concerning approvals of certain entities to operate as postsecondary educational entities in the state, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Prescription Insulin Pricing And Access. Description: Concerning measures to increase access to prescription insulin for persons with diabetes.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Criminal Trial Continuances COVID-19 Pandemic. Description: Concerning measures related to permitting continuing a criminal trial because of the COVID-19 pandemic.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Homeowners' Association Regulation Of Flags And Signs. Description: Concerning additional protections for homeowners' freedom of expression in common interest communities under the "Colorado Common Interest Ownership Act".
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Income Tax. Description: Concerning income tax, and, in connection therewith, requiring additions to Colorado taxable income in amounts related to limiting certain federal itemized deductions, extending the limit on the federal deduction allowed under section 199A of the internal revenue code, limiting the deduction for contributions made to 529 plans, disallowing an enhanced federal deduction for food and beverage expenses at restaurants, and limiting the capital gains subtraction; allowing a subtraction from Colorado taxable income in amounts related to repealing the cap on the deduction for certain social security income; reducing state income tax revenue by increasing the earned income tax credit, funding the child tax credit, and allowing a temporary income tax credit for a business equal to a percentage of the conversion costs to convert the business to a worker-owned coop, an employee stock ownership plan, or an employee ownership trust; increasing state income tax revenue by modifying the computation of the corporate income tax receipts factor to make it more congruent with combined reporting; preventing corporations from using tax shelters in foreign jurisdictions for the purpose of tax avoidance; clarifying that certain captive insurance companies are not exempt from income tax; and making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: American Rescue Plan Act Money To Invest Affordable Housing. Description: Concerning the use of money the state receives from the federal government under the "American Rescue Plan Act of 2021" to make investments in housing to assist persons disproportionately impacted by the COVID-19 public health emergency facing housing insecurity, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Gasoline And Special Fuels Tax Info Disclosure. Description: Concerning the disclosure of information related to the gasoline and special fuels tax.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Insurance Premium Property Sales Severance Tax. Description: Concerning taxation, and, in connection therewith, narrowing the scope of the home office insurance premium tax rate reduction and the annuities consideration exemption for the insurance premium tax; for purposes of the property tax, requiring the actual value of real property to reflect the value of the fee simple estate and requiring personal property to be based on the property's value in use; increasing the per-schedule exemption for business personal property tax and reimbursing local governments for the lost tax revenue; for purposes of the sales and use tax, codifying that the definition of tangible personal property includes digital goods and specifying that the tax on sales and purchases of tangible personal property includes amounts charged for mainframe computer access, photocopying, and packing and crating; disallowing the sales tax vendor fee for retailers with a substantial amount of taxable sales during the filing period; for the severance tax on oil and gas, requiring the net-back deductions used to determine gross income be direct costs actually paid by the taxpayer; phasing-out tax credits and exemptions for the severance tax on coal; and making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Child Protection Ombudsman and Immigrant Children. Description: Concerning permitting the office of the child protection ombudsman to initiate investigations on behalf of unaccompanied immigrant children who are housed in state-licensed residential child care facilities, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Department Of Revenue Action Against Certain Documents. Description: Concerning the authority of the department of revenue to take action against certain documents, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Costs Assessed To Juveniles In The Criminal Justice System. Description: Concerning eliminating certain monetary amounts a juvenile in the justice system is required to pay.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Conform The Term Lease Purchase To Accounting Standards. Description: Concerning changes to the term "lease-purchase" as it relates to state or local public agreements to clarify that such agreements are to be accounted for by the state controller as financed purchases of assets, and, in connection therewith, conforming the Colorado Revised Statutes with the current accounting standards set by the governmental accounting standards board.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Regulating Marijuana Concentrates. Description: Concerning the regulation of marijuana for safe consumption, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Create Outdoor Equity Grant Program. Description: Concerning the creation of the outdoor equity grant program, and, in connection therewith, funding the grant program from lottery money, and making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Temporary Modifications To Prevailing Wage Requirements. Description: Concerning temporary modifications to general prevailing rate requirements for certain state contracts for public projects.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Sunset Sex Offender Management Board. Description: Concerning the continuation of the sex offender management board, and, in connection therewith, implementing the recommendations of the 2019 sunset report by the department of regulatory agencies.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Voter Transparency In Ballot Measures. Description: Concerning voter transparency requirements to increase information about the fiscal impact of statewide ballot measures that would result in a change in district revenue, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Gasoline And Special Fuel Tax Restructuring. Description: Concerning the restructuring of the gasoline and special fuel tax.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Special Olympics License Plate. Description: Concerning the creation of a Special Olympics license plate for motor vehicles, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Promote Innovative And Clean Energy Technologies. Description: Concerning measures to facilitate the use of innovative energy technologies by investor-owned utilities in Colorado, and, in connection therewith, authorizing the public utilities commission to review and approve investor-owned utilities' applications for low-emission innovative energy technologies based on meeting specified criteria.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Funding Public Schools Formula. Description: Concerning establishing a school finance legislative interim committee to consider changes to the method for funding public schools to improve student achievement, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: 2020-21 General Fund Transfer Support Department Of Natural Resources Programs. Description: Concerning 2020-21 state fiscal year transfers from the general fund to support outdoor recreation, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: State And Local Tax Parity Act For Businesses. Description: Concerning the authority of a pass-through business entity to elect to pay state income taxes at the entity level, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Juvenile Diversion Programs. Description: Concerning juvenile diversion programs.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Higher Education Student Success. Description: Concerning measures to support student success in obtaining postsecondary credentials, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Modify COVID-19 Relief Programs For Small Business. Description: Concerning modifications to programs enacted to provide relief to certain businesses impacted by severe capacity restrictions due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Extending Limitations On Debt Collection Actions. Description: Concerning modification of the limitations on certain debt collection actions enacted in Senate Bill 20-211.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Recreate Occupational Therapy Practice Act. Description: Concerning the recreation and reenactment, with amendments, of the "Occupational Therapy Practice Act", and, in connection therewith, reestablishing the licensing functions of the director of the division of professions and occupations in the department of regulatory agencies regarding occupational therapists and occupational therapy assistants.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Jurisdiction Over Pueblo Chemical Depot. Description: Concerning concurrent legislative jurisdiction over real property constituting the United States Army Pueblo chemical depot.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Human Remains Natural Reduction Soil. Description: Concerning the conversion of human remains to basic elements within a container using an accelerated process, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Remove Junior From Certain College Names. Description: Concerning removing the word "junior" from the name of certain colleges.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Reproductive Health Care Program. Description: Concerning the creation of a reproductive health care program, and, in connection therewith, providing contraceptive methods and counseling services to participants and making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Pharmacist Prescribe Dispense Opiate Antagonist. Description: Concerning responsibilities of a pharmacist related to opiate antagonists.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Former Inmates With Fire Service Experience. Description: Concerning measures to create opportunities for persons who acquire experience in wildland fire services through the inmate disaster relief program.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Reversing COVID-related Learning Loss. Description: Concerning measures to address student learning loss occurring as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Veterans Service Organization Stipend For Funeral Services. Description: Concerning a stipend for veterans service organizations that provide funeral services for honorably discharged veterans, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Protecting Preventive Health Care Coverage. Description: Concerning services related to preventive health care, and, in connection therewith, requiring coverage for certain preventive measures, screenings, and treatments that are administered, dispensed, or prescribed by health care providers and facilities and making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Sexual Contact By An Educator. Description: Concerning sexual contact between a student and an educator in violation of the public trust.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Continuation Of Necessary Document Program. Description: Concerning continuing the necessary document program indefinitely, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Authorize Notices Of Valuation On Postcard. Description: Concerning the authority of assessors to mail abbreviated notices of valuation on a postcard for property tax purposes.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Energy Equipment And Facility Property Tax Valuation. Description: Concerning the valuation of property related to renewable energy for purposes of the property tax.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Strengthening Civics Education. Description: Concerning measures to strengthen civics education in Colorado.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Audiology And Speech-language Interstate Compact. Description: Concerning the enactment of the "Audiology and Speech-language Pathology Interstate Compact", and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Notification Requirements For Health Care Policy And Financing Audit. Description: Concerning confirmation of receipt of a written request to perform an audit of a medicaid provider prior to the commencement of the audit.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Welcome Home Vietnam Veterans Day. Description: Concerning recognition of the thirtieth day of March as a commemorative state holiday, and, in connection therewith, designating the thirtieth day of March as "Welcome Home Vietnam Veterans Day".
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Family Planning Service For Eligible Individuals. Description: Concerning family planning services for individuals whose income does not exceed the state's current effective income level for pregnant women under the children's basic health plan, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Restoration Of Honor Act. Description: Concerning the eligibility of discharged LGBT veterans for specified state benefits.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Emergency Supplies For Colorado Babies And Families. Description: Concerning emergency supplies for Colorado babies and families, and, in connection therewith, providing diapering essentials through diaper distribution centers and making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Colorado American Indian Tribes In-stateTuition. Description: Concerning in-state tuition classification for members of American Indian tribes with historical ties to Colorado.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Criminal Theft Of Rental Property. Description: Concerning criminal theft of rental property.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Mobile Veterans-support Unit Grant Program. Description: Concerning establishing a mobile veterans-support unit grant program, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado engrossed a bill titled: Conservation Easement Working Group Proposals. Description: Concerning the adoption of statutory changes related to conservation easements that were recommended by the conservation easement working group convened in accordance with House Bill 19-1264, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Restrictions On Third-party Food Delivery Services. Description: Concerning restrictions on certain practices by third-party food delivery services.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Expansion of Complementary And Alternative Medicine. Description: Concerning an expansion of the complementary or alternative medicine pilot program for a person with a primary condition resulting in the total inability for independent ambulation, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Elimination Of Subminimum Wage Employment. Description: Concerning the elimination of subminimum wage employment by providing supports to ensure successful transitions for individuals currently working in subminimum wage jobs, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Driver's History Profession Or Occupation Decision. Description: Concerning the use of a person's driver's history record to make decisions that concern the practice of an occupation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Department of Governor, Lt Governor, & OSPB Supplemental. Description: Concerning a supplemental appropriation to the offices of the governor, lieutenant governor, and state planning and budgeting.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Department of Health Care Policy & Financing Supplemental. Description: Concerning a supplemental appropriation to the department of health care policy and financing.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Department of Human Services Supplemental. Description: Concerning a supplemental appropriation to the department of human services.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Judicial Department Supplemental. Description: Concerning a supplemental appropriation to the judicial department.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Department of Law Supplemental. Description: Concerning a supplemental appropriation to the department of law.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Department of Natural Resources Supplemental. Description: Concerning a supplemental appropriation to the department of natural resources.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Department of Personnel Supplemental. Description: Concerning a supplemental appropriation to the department of personnel.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Department of Public Safety Supplemental. Description: Concerning a supplemental appropriation to the department of public safety.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Department of State Supplemental. Description: Concerning a supplemental appropriation to the department of state.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Department of Treasury Supplemental. Description: Concerning a supplemental appropriation to the department of the treasury.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Capital Construction Supplemental. Description: Concerning funding for capital construction, and making supplemental appropriations in connection therewith.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Adjustments To School Funding Fiscal Year 2020-21. Description: Concerning adjustments to school funding for the 2020-21 budget year, and, in connection therewith, making appropriations.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Transfers For Wildfire Mitigation And Response. Description: Concerning transfers from the general fund to cash funds to be used to address wildland fires, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Collection Of State Debts. Description: Concerning the collection of debts owed to the state, and, in connection therewith, making and reducing an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Expand Cannabis-based Medicine At Schools. Description: Concerning expansion of the opportunities to administer medical marijuana at school to a student with a valid medical marijuana recommendation, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Private Lenders Of Student Loans Acts And Practices. Description: Concerning requirements for private education lenders.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Approval Of Alternative Principal Programs. Description: Concerning alternative principal programs, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Juvenile Justice Code Reorganization. Description: Concerning the reorganization of the juvenile justice code in article 2 of title 19, Colorado Revised Statutes, by the Colorado juvenile justice and delinquency prevention council as authorized by House Joint Resolution 18-1013.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Expand Broadband Service. Description: Concerning broadband deployment, and, in connection therewith, implementing a program to provide financial assistance for income-eligible households to access broadband service.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Multiple Employer Welfare Arrangements Offer Insurance. Description: Concerning an expansion of the ability of an existing association consisting of multiple employers to offer health care benefits to the members of the association, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Retaliation Against An Elected Official. Description: Concerning criminalizing retaliation against an elected official, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Concerning the enactment of the Colorado Revised Statutes 2020 as the positive and statutory law of the state of Colorado.. Description: Concerning the enactment of the Colorado Revised Statutes 2020 as the positive and statutory law of the state of Colorado.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: License Plate Expiration On Change Of Ownership. Description: Concerning license plates, and, in connection therewith, specifying that the license plates of a motor vehicle that is classified as Class C personal property expire upon the sale or transfer of the motor vehicle, authorizing the issuance of license plates in previously retired styles, and making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: County Authority To Register Businesses. Description: Concerning the authority of a board of county commissioners to require the registration of businesses.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Limit The Detention Of Juveniles. Description: Concerning measures to limit the detention of juveniles, and, in connection therewith, making and reducing an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Public Utilities Commission Modernize Electric Transmission Infrastructure. Description: Concerning the expansion of electric transmission facilities to enable Colorado to meet its clean energy goals, and, in connection therewith, creating the Colorado electric transmission authority, requiring transmission utilities to join organized wholesale markets, and allowing additional classes of transmission utilities to obtain revenue through the colocation of broadband facilities within their existing rights-of-way.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Civil Action Statute Of Limitations Sexual Assault. Description: Concerning changing the statute of limitations applicable to civil actions alleging sexual misconduct for which the statute of limitations has not yet run as of January 1, 2022.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Supported Decision-making Agreement. Description: Concerning supported decision-making agreements for adults with disabilities, and, in connection therewith, authorizing such agreements as an alternative for or supplement to a guardianship.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Fund Electronic Third-party Vehicle Transactions. Description: Concerning the funding of a system for electronic transactions made by third-party providers related to the regulation of vehicles, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Remove Lawful Presence Verification Credentialing. Description: Concerning the elimination of verification of an individual's lawful presence in the United States as a requirement for individual credentialing.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Lost Or Stolen Firearms. Description: Concerning the responsibility of an individual firearm owner to report a missing firearm.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Deregulate Meat Sales Direct To Consumers. Description: Concerning the sale of animals for consumption to informed end consumers in a manner that exempts the sale from certain laws.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Measures To Prevent The Misuse Of Safe2Tell. Description: Concerning procedural measures to prevent the misuse of the safe2tell program.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Alcohol Beverage Festival For Tastings And Sales. Description: Concerning authorization for certain alcohol beverage license holders to hold festivals for alcohol beverage retail activity, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Higher Education Student Financial Assistance Funding. Description: Concerning the modification of the requirement for the fiscal year 2021-22 that the annual appropriations for student financial assistance for higher education increase by at least the same percentage as the aggregate percentage increase of all general fund appropriations to institutions of higher education.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Local Government Authority Roughed-in Roads. Description: Concerning the authority of local governments to prohibit the operation of motor vehicles upon roughed-in roads when necessary for the protection of the public.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Agricultural Workers' Rights. Description: Concerning agricultural workers' rights, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Child Sexual Abuse Accountability Act. Description: Concerning establishing a civil cause of action for sexual misconduct against a minor, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Small Group Health Insurance Plan Renewal. Description: Concerning the renewal of a small group health benefit plan issued to an employer that no longer meets the definition of small employer after the small group plan was first issued.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Credit Transaction Charge Limitations. Description: Concerning limitations on credit transaction charges.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Sunset Surgical Assistants And Surgical Technologists. Description: Concerning the continuation of the regulation of persons who assist surgeons, and, in connection therewith, implementing the recommendations contained in the 2020 sunset report by the department of regulatory agencies.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Sunset Continue Healthcare Infections Advisory Committee. Description: Concerning the continuation of the healthcare-associated infections and antimicrobial resistance advisory committee, and, in connection therewith, implementing the recommendation in the 2020 sunset report by the department of regulatory agencies.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Sunset Continue State Board Of Pharmacy. Description: Concerning the continuation of the state board of pharmacy, and, in connection therewith, implementing recommendations contained in the 2020 sunset report by the department of regulatory agencies and making other changes regarding the practice of professions regulated by the board.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Sunset Employment First Advisory Partnership. Description: Concerning the continuation of the employment first advisory partnership, and, in connection therewith, implementing the recommendation contained in the 2020 sunset report by the department of regulatory agencies and creating a hiring preference pilot program for people with disabilities.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Sunset Workers' Compensation Classification Appeals Board. Description: Concerning the continuation of the workers' compensation classification appeals board, and, in connection therewith, implementing recommendations contained in the 2020 sunset report by the department of regulatory agencies.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Sunset Continue Medical Transparency Act. Description: Concerning the continuation of the "Michael Skolnik Medical Transparency Act of 2010", and, in connection therewith, implementing the recommendation contained in the 2020 sunset report by the department of regulatory agencies.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Sunset Prescription Drug Monitoring Program. Description: Concerning the continuation of the prescription drug monitoring program.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Sunset License Plate Disability Support Act. Description: Concerning the continuation of the assistance program for disability benefits under the "Laura Hershey Disability Support Act", and, in connection therewith, implementing the recommendation contained in the 2020 sunset report by the department of regulatory agencies.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Sunset Continue Council Higher Education Representatives. Description: Concerning the continuation of the council of higher education representatives.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Sunset Direct-entry Midwives. Description: Concerning the continuation of the registration of direct-entry midwives, and, in connection therewith, implementing the recommendations contained in the 2020 sunset report by the department of regulatory agencies and making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Sunset Dental Hygienists Specialized Functions. Description: Concerning the continuation of specific dental hygienist functions, and, in connection therewith, implementing the recommendations contained in the 2020 sunset report by the department of regulatory agencies.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Sunset Office Of Consumer Counsel. Description: Concerning the continuation of the office of consumer counsel, and, in connection therewith, implementing the recommendations contained in the 2020 sunset report by the department of regulatory agencies regarding the office of consumer counsel and the utility consumers' board, and making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Sunset Special Education Fiscal Advisory Committee. Description: Concerning the continuation of the special education fiscal advisory committee.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Concerning Successful High School Transitions. Description: Concerning measures to improve successful transitions from high school to post-high school training, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Honoring Carrie Ann Lucas. Description: Concerning the "Carrie Ann Lucas Parental Rights for People with Disabilities Act".
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Public Utilities Commission Gas Utility Safety Inspection Authority. Description: Concerning gas pipeline safety, and, in connection therewith, increasing and clarifying the rule-making and enforcement authority of the public utilities commission, and making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Bond Payments For Auraria Higher Education Center. Description: Concerning the authority of the Auraria board to make bond payments from sources other than the revenues generated by the auxiliary facility on behalf of which such bonds are issued, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Fund Safe Revitalization Of Main Streets. Description: Concerning funding for the safe revitalization of Colorado's main streets.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Program To Support Marijuana Entrepreneurs. Description: Concerning the creation of a program to support entrepreneurs in the marijuana industry.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: General Fund Transfer To Capital Construction Fund State Parks. Description: Concerning a 2020-21 state fiscal year transfer from the general fund to the capital construction fund for increased access at certain state parks, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Firefighting Aircraft Wildfire Mgmt And Response. Description: Concerning state funding of firefighting aircraft to respond to wildfires.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Annual Funding For Talking Book Library Services. Description: Concerning the use of money in the Colorado telephone users with disabilities fund to support talking book library services for certain persons with disabilities, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Prohibit American Indian Mascots. Description: Concerning the prohibition of American Indian mascots in Colorado.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Foster Care Student Services Coordination. Description: Concerning consistent procedures between schools and county departments of human services relating to students in out-of-home placement.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Alternative Response Mistreatment At-risk Adults. Description: Concerning the creation of an alternative response pilot program for county departments of human or social services to address a report of mistreatment of an at-risk adult, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Increasing Access To High-Quality Credentials. Description: Concerning increasing access in high school to high-quality credentials within the career development success program, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Revised Uniform Unclaimed Property Act. Description: Concerning modifications to the "Revised Uniform Unclaimed Property Act".
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Opiate Antagonist Bulk Purchase And Standing Orders. Description: Concerning the bulk purchase of opiate antagonists pursuant to a standing order.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Expand Canadian Rx Import Program. Description: Concerning expanding the Canadian prescription drug importation program to include prescription drug suppliers from nations other than Canada upon the enactment of legislation by the United States congress authorizing such practice.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Changes To Felony Murder. Description: Concerning the creation of a class 2 felony offense when the death of a person is caused by a participant without deliberation in the course of the commission of specified felony offenses.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Timely Credentialing Of Physicians By Insurers. Description: Concerning credentialing of physicians as participating physicians in health coverage plan provider networks, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Modification To Administration Of The Nursing Home Penalty Cash Fund. Description: Concerning modifications to the administration of the nursing home penalty cash fund, and, in connection therewith, making and reducing appropriations.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Veteran Suicide Prevention Pilot Program. Description: Concerning establishing a pilot program to reduce the suicide rate among veterans, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Local Authority for Business Personal Property Tax Exemption. Description: Concerning authorization for local governments to exempt business personal property from taxation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Protect Personal Identifying Information Kept By State. Description: Concerning measures to protect personal identifying information kept by state agencies, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Donated Alcohol Beverages For Special Events. Description: Concerning alcohol beverages donated for the purpose of a special event held at a club licensed to sell alcohol beverages by the drink to club members for consumption on the club premises.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Prohibit Certain Animals In Traveling Animal Act. Description: Concerning a prohibition on the use of certain animals in a traveling animal act.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Sunset Forest Health Advisory Council. Description: Concerning the continuation of the forest health advisory council, and, in connection therewith, implementing the recommendation contained in the 2020 sunset report by the department of regulatory agencies to continue the advisory council and continuing it for five years.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Behavioral Health Recovery Act. Description: Concerning the "Behavioral Health Recovery Act of 2021", and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Improve Brain Injury Support In Criminal Justice System. Description: Concerning measures to improve the support of persons in the criminal justice system with a brain injury, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Coverage For Telehealth Dental Services. Description: Concerning reimbursement for dental care services provided through telehealth.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Statewide Internet Portal Authority Competitive Solicitation Method. Description: Concerning the competitive solicitation method used by the statewide internet portal authority to contract for a statewide portal integrator.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Health Care Access In Cases Of Rape Or Incest. Description: Concerning removing certain restrictions related to abortion services, and, in connection therewith, removing the requirement that the services be performed only at certain health care facilities and removing the requirement that only a physician perform the service.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Uniform Collaborative Law Act. Description: Concerning the "Uniform Collaborative Law Act".
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Sunset Homeland Security And All-hazards Advisory Committee. Description: Concerning the continuation of the homeland security and all-hazards senior advisory committee, and, in connection therewith, implementing the recommendations contained in the 2020 sunset report by the department of regulatory agencies.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Extending Expiring Tax Check-offs. Description: Concerning the extension of the period of time that voluntary contributions that are set to expire in 2021 will appear on the state individual tax return form.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Improve Prison Release Outcomes. Description: Concerning measures to improve prison release outcomes, and, in connection therewith, making and reducing an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado enrolled a bill titled: Sunset Continue Licensing Of Athletic Trainers. Description: Concerning the continuation of the regulation of athletic trainers by the department of regulatory agencies.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Creation Of Financial Empowerment Office. Description: Concerning the creation of the financial empowerment office in the department of law, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Literacy Curriculum Transparency. Description: Concerning transparency in reading programs implemented in public schools, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Rule Review Bill. Description: Concerning implementation of the committee on legal services' recommendations in connection with legislative review of state agencies' rules.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Department of Corrections Offender Identification Assistance Program. Description: Concerning a program to assist offenders with acquiring state-issued identification.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: 988 Suicide Prevention Lifeline Network. Description: Concerning the implementation of the 988 national suicide prevention lifeline network in Colorado, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Limited Gaming Commission Member From Gaming Area. Description: Concerning the appointment of a resident of a locality in which limited gaming takes place to the limited gaming control commission.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Nurse Intake Of 911 Calls Grant Program. Description: Concerning the creation of a pilot grant program for the use of nurses in 911 dispatch to help divert incoming 911 calls that do not require emergency medical service to other types of medical care, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Increase Cap Charter School Moral Obligation Bonds. Description: Concerning an increase in the aggregate amount of qualified charter school bonds for which the general assembly may appropriate money to restore debt service reserve requirements.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Increase Medical Providers For Senior Citizens. Description: Concerning modifications to the Colorado health service corps program administered by the department of public health and environment to expand the availability of geriatric care providers in shortage areas in the state, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: ModificationTo Local Government Election Codes. Description: Concerning certain administrative clarifications to local government election codes.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Colorado Uniform Trust Code Part 5. Description: Concerning spendthrift provisions in trusts pursuant to the "Colorado Uniform Trust Code".
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Colorado Fire Commission Recommendations. Description: Concerning the implementation of recommendations from the Colorado fire commission, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Regulation Of Child Care Centers. Description: Concerning the regulation of child care centers.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Restrict Insurers' Use Of External Consumer Data. Description: Concerning protecting consumers from unfair discrimination in insurance practices.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Uniform Fiduciary Income And Principal Act. Description: Concerning the "Uniform Fiduciary Income and Principal Act".
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Educator Pay Raise Fund. Description: Concerning creation of a fund to assist in increasing the amounts paid to persons employed by local education providers.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Rights In Residential Lease Agreements. Description: Concerning rights related to residential rental agreements, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Policies For Peace Officer Credibility Disclosures. Description: Concerning adoption of written policies by law enforcement agencies for constitutionally required peace officer credibility disclosure notifications.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Prescription Drug Affordability Review Board. Description: Concerning the Colorado prescription drug affordability review board, and, in connection therewith, directing the board to review the affordability of certain drugs and establish upper payment limits for certain drugs; prohibiting certain entities from purchasing or reimbursing for any drug for distribution in the state at an amount that exceeds the upper payment limit established for the prescription drug; establishing penalties for violations; and making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Extend Care Subfund Deadline For COVID-19 Programs. Description: Concerning the extension of the deadline for the expenditure of money from the care subfund in the general fund that corresponds to the extension for allowable state expenditures from the federal coronavirus relief fund.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Colorado Opportunity Scholarship Initiative Advisory Board. Description: Concerning the composition of the Colorado opportunity scholarship initiative advisory board.
In 2021, Colorado engrossed a bill titled: Recycling And Composting Enterprise Grant Program. Description: Concerning a report to be submitted to the general assembly by the department of public health and environment regarding post-consumer recycled content recommendations for packaging, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Equity Strategic Plan Address Health Disparities. Description: Concerning state agencies addressing health disparities in Colorado, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Supporting Educator Workforce In Colorado. Description: Concerning supporting the educator workforce in Colorado, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Ballot Access For Voters With Disabilities. Description: Concerning allowing a voter with a disability who receives a ballot through an electronic voting device to return the ballot electronically.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Colorado Water Conservation Board Construction Fund Project. Description: Concerning the funding of Colorado water conservation board projects, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Residency Requirement Western Colorado University Board. Description: Concerning the removal of residency requirements for student members to serve on the board of trustees for Western Colorado university.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Housing Mentors In Youthful Offender Facility. Description: Concerning permitting youthful offenders to be housed in the same facility as inmates who mentor youthful offenders.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Protection Of Pregnant People In Perinatal Period. Description: Concerning the protection of a pregnant person's rights during the perinatal period, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Maternal Health Providers. Description: Concerning maternal health, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Notarization Of Certain Probate Documents. Description: Concerning permitting notarization of certain probate documents.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Fiscal Year 2021-22 Legislative Appropriation Bill. Description: Concerning payment of expenses of the legislative department.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Repeal Capital Construction Education Fund Report Requirement. Description: Concerning the repeal of a requirement that the state auditor annually report uses of state education fund money for school capital construction to certain committees of the general assembly.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Remove Barriers To Certain Public Opportunities. Description: Concerning measures to remove barriers to certain public opportunities, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Stricter Transparency & Enforcement In Child Care. Description: Concerning stricter enforcement for child care facilities, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Public School Air Quality Improvement Grants. Description: Concerning a general fund transfer to the public school capital construction assistance fund for the purpose of providing grants for public school air quality improvement projects, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Funding For Colorado Proud. Description: Concerning an appropriation to the department of agriculture for the Colorado proud program.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Rural Economic Development Initiative Grant Program Funding. Description: Concerning an appropriation to the department of local affairs for the rural economic development initiative grant program.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: 2021-22 Long Appropriations Bill. Description: Concerning the provision for payment of the expenses of the executive, legislative, and judicial departments of the state of Colorado, and of its agencies and institutions, for and during the fiscal year beginning July 1, 2021, except as otherwise noted.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Educator Licensure Cash Fund. Description: Concerning the continuous appropriation of money in the educator licensure cash fund.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Public School Capital Construction Assistance Fund Transfer. Description: Concerning the transfer of one hundred million dollars from the marijuana tax cash fund to the public school capital construction assistance fund, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: General Fund Transfer To State Education Fund. Description: Concerning the transfer of one hundred million dollars from the general fund to the state education fund.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Transfer To General Fund From Repealed Cash Funds. Description: Concerning the transfer to the general fund of the balances from repealed cash funds.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Remote Supports For Elderly, Blind, And Disabled Waiver. Description: Concerning expanding the definition of "electronic monitoring services" to include remote supports for the home- and community-based services waiver for the elderly, blind, and disabled.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Adult Dental Benefit. Description: Concerning the removal of certain measures related to the reduction of the adult dental benefit enacted in House Bill 20-1361, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Primary Care Payments Align Federal Funding. Description: Concerning aligning primary care payments with the "Colorado Medical Assistance Act" to maximize federal funds, and, in connection therewith, identifying anticipated federal funds.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Use Of Increased Medicaid Match. Description: Concerning the increased money received due to the federal "Families First Coronavirus Response Act", and, in connection therewith, making and reducing appropriations.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: State Payment Hospice Providers Residential Care. Description: Concerning state payments to licensed hospice facilities for residential care provided to certain persons enrolled in the medical assistance program, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Use Of Open Educational Resources In Higher Education. Description: Concerning the use of open educational resources at public institutions of higher education, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Auxiliary Services Rural Areas. Description: Concerning the Colorado commission for the deaf, hard of hearing, and deafblind, and, in connection therewith, providing auxiliary services in rural areas of the state for persons who are deaf, hard of hearing, or deafblind and removing the requirement that a not-for-profit entity must be a community-based organization to be eligible to apply to the commission for grant money.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Market Rate Study For Child Care Assistance Program. Description: Concerning adjusting the contract for a market rate study of provider rates for the Colorado child care assistance program from annually to every three years, and, in connection therewith, reducing an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Colorado Department Of Labor And Employment Employment And Training Technology Fund. Description: Concerning revenue allocated to the employment and training technology fund in the division of unemployment insurance in the department of labor and employment.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Colorado Avalanche Information Center Fund Appropriations. Description: Concerning the manner in which money is appropriated from the Colorado avalanche information center fund.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Reverse Transfers From Severance Tax Operational Fund. Description: Concerning the stabilization of revenue in the severance tax operational fund by returning money that was transferred to natural resources and energy grant programs.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Projects Under Wildfire Risk Mitigation Grant Program. Description: Concerning projects under the forest restoration and wildfire risk mitigation grant program.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Repeal Recovery Audit Program. Description: Concerning the repeal of the state recovery audit program, and, in connection therewith, reducing an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Location of Department of Revenue Administrative Hearing. Description: Concerning the location of a department of revenue administrative hearing.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Capital-related Transfers Of Money. Description: Concerning capital-related transfers of money.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Repay Cash Funds For 2020 Transfers. Description: Concerning the repayment of cash funds from which money was transferred in 2020 for the purpose of augmenting the general fund.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Increase The General Fund Reserve. Description: Concerning an increase in the general fund reserve.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: State Emergency Reserve. Description: Concerning the state emergency reserve, and, in connection therewith, designating the state emergency reserve for the 2021-22 state fiscal year, creating the state emergency reserve cash fund, and requiring reimbursements for expenditures from a fund that is designated as part of the state emergency reserve to be returned to the fund.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: PERA Public Employees Retirement Association Payment Cash Fund. Description: Concerning the creation of the PERA payment cash fund to be used for future payments to the public employees' retirement association, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Rural Jump-start Zone Grant Program. Description: Concerning the creation of the rural jump-start zone grant program, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Transfer To Colorado Energy Office Energy Fund. Description: Concerning a transfer of money from the general fund to the energy fund to finance programs of the Colorado energy office.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Energy Office Weatherization Assistance Grants. Description: Concerning a transfer of money from the general fund to the energy fund to finance the weatherization assistance program of the Colorado energy office.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Displaced Workers Grant. Description: Concerning an appropriation to the department of higher education for the Colorado opportunity scholarship initiative's displaced workers grant.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Colorado Department Of Labor And Employment Unemployment Insurance Division Enterprise. Description: concerning a wage replacement program and making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: General Fund Transfer Agriculture And Drought Resiliency. Description: Concerning creation of the agriculture and drought resiliency fund, and, in connection therewith, transferring money from the general fund to the fund and making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Stimulus Funding Department Of Agriculture Efficiency Programs. Description: Concerning additional funding for programs of the department of agriculture to support increased efficiency in agricultural operations, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Increase Capacity Early Childhood Care & Education. Description: Concerning increasing the capacity of quality early childhood education through grant programs, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Create Forest Health Council In Department Of Natural Resources. Description: Concerning creation of the Colorado forest health council in the department of natural resources, and, in connection therewith, repealing the forest health advisory council within the state forest service and making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Create Front Range Passenger Rail District. Description: Concerning the front range passenger rail district, and, in connection therewith, creating the district for the purpose of planning, designing, developing, financing, constructing, operating, and maintaining a passenger rail system, specifying the territory, governing structure, powers, and duties of the district, and reducing an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: 2-1-1 Statewide Human Services Referral System. Description: Concerning the statewide communication system for referral to behavioral health services, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Watershed Restoration Grant Program Stimulus. Description: Concerning the transfer of money from the general fund to the Colorado water conservation board construction fund for watershed protection programs, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Small Business Accelerated Growth Program. Description: Concerning the creation of the small business accelerated growth program, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Housing Development Grants Hotels Tenancy Support Program. Description: Concerning the expansion of the allowable uses of the housing development grant fund, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Colorado Department Of Public Health And Environment Appropriation Public Health Infrastructure. Description: Concerning annual appropriations to the department of public health and environment.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Funding Health Benefits For Legislative Aides. Description: Concerning funding for permanent part-time legislative aides for members of the general assembly to allow aides to be eligible to enroll in state health benefit plans pursuant to a policy adopted by the executive committee of the general assembly.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Backcountry Search And Rescue In Colorado. Description: Concerning backcountry search and rescue services in Colorado, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Electric Utility Promote Beneficial Electrification. Description: Concerning measures to encourage beneficial electrification, and, in connection therewith, directing the public utilities commission and Colorado utilities to promote compliance with current environmental and labor standards and making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado engrossed a bill titled: Adjust Redistricting Commission Procedures. Description: Concerning the procedures of the independent redistricting commissions.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Loan Program For Colorado Agriculture. Description: Concerning assistance for agriculture in Colorado, and, in connection therewith, establishing a loan program in the department of agriculture, transferring money from the general fund to a new agricultural future loan program cash fund to be used for the loan program, and making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Keep Colorado Wild Annual Pass. Description: Concerning the creation of an optional discounted parks and public lands access pass that is purchased at the time a motor vehicle is registered, and, in connection therewith, using the pass fees to finance a number of goals of the division of parks and wildlife related to increased conservation of, safety at, and access to state parks and public lands; and making an appropriation.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: College Credit For Work Experience. Description: Concerning a statewide plan for awarding college credit for work-related experience.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Elections And Voting. Description: Concerning modifications to certain statutes governing the conduct of elections, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: General Fund Loan Family Medical Leave Program. Description: Concerning a loan from the general fund to the division of family and medical leave insurance for the purpose of implementing the state's paid family and medical leave program, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Community Revitalization Grant Program. Description: Concerning the establishment of a state grant program to promote projects in commercial centers throughout the state that will revitalize community spaces and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Women Veterans With Disabilities License Plate. Description: Concerning license plates for veterans who have disabilities, and, in connection therewith, creating a license plate to honor women veterans with disabilities and making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Eliminate Obsolete Committee Child Care Licensing. Description: Concerning the elimination of the obsolete advisory committee on the licensing of child care facilities.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Free Menstrual Hygiene Products To Students. Description: Concerning providing menstrual hygiene products at no expense to students, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Local Regulation Of Firearms. Description: Concerning permitting regulation of firearms by local governing bodies.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Special Mobile Machinery Registration Exemption. Description: Concerning an exemption from motor vehicle registration requirements for certain special mobile machinery.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Wildfire Risk Mitigation. Description: Concerning the administration of state assistance programs to mitigate the risk of wildfire, and, in connection therewith, creating the wildfire mitigation capacity development fund and the hazard mitigation fund; transferring money into specially designed wildfire funds; and making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Modify Nonforfeiture Percent Surrender Annuity. Description: Concerning a modification to the minimum nonforfeiture percentage required to be paid upon the surrender of an annuity policy.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Sustainability Of The Transportation System. Description: Concerning the sustainability of the transportation system in Colorado, and, in connection therewith, creating new sources of dedicated funding and new state enterprises to preserve, improve, and expand existing transportation infrastructure, develop the modernized infrastructure needed to support the widespread adoption of electric motor vehicles, and mitigate environmental and health impacts of transportation system use; expanding authority for regional transportation improvements; and making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Public Utilities Commission Encourage Renewable Energy Generation. Description: Concerning measures to increase the deployment of renewable energy generation facilities to meet Colorado's energy needs, and, in connection therewith, raising the allowable capacity of customer-sited renewable energy generation facilities, giving customers additional options for increasing the scale and flexibility of new installations, and making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Special District Transparency. Description: Concerning transparency for special districts.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Outdoor Advertising Act. Description: Concerning the regulation of outdoor advertising.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Adopt Programs Reduce Greenhouse Gas Emissions Utilities. Description: Concerning the adoption of programs by gas utilities to reduce greenhouse gas emissions, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Transfer From General Fund To State Highway Fund. Description: Concerning a transfer from the general fund to the state highway fund.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Revisor's Bill. Description: Concerning the nonsubstantive revision of statutes in the Colorado Revised Statutes, as amended, and, in connection therewith, amending or repealing obsolete, imperfect, and inoperative law to preserve the legislative intent, effect, and meaning of the law.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Office Of Public Guardianship Extension. Description: Concerning the extension of the office of public guardianship.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Public School Finance. Description: Concerning the financing of public schools, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Licensing Of Respite Child Care Centers. Description: Concerning licensing respite child care centers, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Increase Alcohol Beverages On-premises Production. Description: Concerning an increase in the alcohol beverage production limits for a retail establishment licensed to produce alcohol beverages on its premises.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Misdemeanor Reform. Description: Concerning the adoption of the 2021 recommendations of the Colorado criminal and juvenile justice commission regarding sentencing for offenses, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Measures To Modernize The Public Utilities Commission. Description: Concerning the operations of the public utilities commission, and, in connection therewith, modernizing the commission's statutory directives regarding distributed generation of electricity; requiring additional disclosure from intervenors in adversarial proceedings; providing the commissioners with access to independent subject-matter experts; and making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Sustainable Model To Serve Facility Students. Description: Concerning a sustainable model that is not embedded in the child welfare system for serving facility students, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Child Find Responsibilities. Description: Concerning measures related to clarifying federal "Individuals with Disabilities Education Act" child find responsibilities between state agencies, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Childrens Habilitation Residential Program Enrollment. Description: Concerning residential placements for children with intellectual and developmental disabilities, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Child Welfare Services Allocation Formula. Description: Concerning a funding model used to determine child welfare services allocations, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Reimbursement For Out-of-home Placement Services. Description: Concerning reimbursement for placement of children in out-of-home placement, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Delinquent Interest Payments Property Tax. Description: Concerning delinquent interest payments for property tax payments.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Bias-motivated Crimes. Description: Concerning crimes that are bias-motivated.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: State Severance Tax Trust Fund Allocation. Description: Concerning severance tax revenue, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Continue Small Business Destination Sourcing Exception. Description: Concerning an extension of the small retailer exception to the sales and use tax destination sourcing rules.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Cash Fund Solvency. Description: Concerning cash fund solvency, and, in connection therewith, creating the cash fund solvency fund to allow the state controller to transfer money to certain cash funds with anticipated cash deficits, which amounts will be later repaid, transferring money to the marijuana cash fund, and making and reducing an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Evidence-based Evaluations For Budget. Description: Concerning evidence-based evaluations to assist the general assembly in determining the appropriate level of funding for a program or practice, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Distribution Federal Funds Home- and Community-based Services. Description: Concerning the distribution of money received under the federal "American Rescue Plan Act of 2021" for home- and community-based services, and, in connection therewith, making and reducing an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Technology Risk Prevention & Response Fund. Description: Concerning funding sources for the office of information technology, and, in connection therewith, creating the technology risk prevention and response fund; increasing the amount of money that may be transferred between items of appropriation made to principal departments of state government and to the office of the governor; and making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: American Rescue Plan Act of 2021 Cash Fund. Description: Concerning the creation of the "American Rescue Plan Act of 2021" cash fund to hold money that the state receives from the federal coronavirus state fiscal recovery fund until allocation by separate action.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Revenue Loss Restoration Cash Fund. Description: Concerning the creation of a cash fund consisting of certain money that the state receives from the federal coronavirus state fiscal recovery fund so that the money is available for appropriation only in other legislation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Security For Colorado Seniors. Description: Concerning the allocation of fifteen million dollars from the general fund to establish the area agency on aging grant program for programs providing assistance to older Coloradans, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Economic Recovery And Relief Cash Fund. Description: Concerning the transfer of forty million dollars to the Colorado economic development fund for the purpose of providing grants to businesses and for investing in economic development opportunities in response to the negative economic impacts of the coronavirus pandemic from the newly created economic recovery and relief cash fund which fund consists of certain money that the state receives from the federal coronavirus state fiscal recovery fund, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Federal COVID Funding For Victim's Services. Description: Concerning the allocation of fifteen million dollars from the economic relief and recovery cash fund under the federal "American Rescue Plan Act of 2021" for purpose of funding victim's services programs to assist persons disproportionately impacted by the COVID-19 public health emergency, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Property Tax Classification And Assessment Rates. Description: Concerning property taxation, and, in connection therewith, establishing subclasses of residential and nonresidential property; for the 2022 and 2023 property tax years, temporarily reducing the assessment rate for property classified as agricultural property or renewable energy production property from twenty-nine percent to twenty-six and four-tenths percent, for property classified as multi-family residential real property from seven and fifteen one-hundredths percent to six and eight-tenths percent, contingent on the assessment rate not otherwise being reduced by an initiated measure, and for all other residential real property from seven and fifteen one-hundredths percent to six and ninety-five one-hundredths percent; restructuring the assessment rate laws; expanding the property tax deferral program to allow taxpayers to defer increases in property taxes in limited circumstances; and making an appropriation.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: House Temporary Rules Remote Participation Rules. Description: Concerning the temporary Rules of the House of Representatives and changes to the Rules of the House of Representatives concerning regulations for remote participation and taking remote testimony in committees of reference.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: House Of Representatives Committees Of Reference. Description: Concerning changes to the rules of the House of Representatives regarding committees of reference.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: House Employees & Officers. Description: Concerning employees and positions for the House of Representatives convened in the First Regular Session of the Seventy-third General Assembly.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Commemorate Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.. Description: Concerning the commemoration of the birthday of the Reverend Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Appointment To The Independent Ethics Commission. Description: Concerning the approval by the House of Representatives of the Speaker's appointment of Annie Kao to fill the House appointee vacancy on the Independent Ethics Commission.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Temporary Senate Rules. Description: Concerning the temporary rules of the Senate.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Senate Committees Of Reference Categorization. Description: Concerning changes to the rules of the Senate regarding the categorization of committees of reference.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Senate Officers & Employees. Description: Concerning the appointment of officers and employees for the Senate convened in the First Regular Session of the Seventy-third General Assembly.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Commemorate Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.. Description: Concerning the commemoration of the birthday of the Reverend Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Missing Persons Day. Description: Concerning the designation of February 4, 2021, as "Missing Persons Day" in Colorado.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Appointment To The Independent Ethics Commission. Description: Concerning the approval by the Senate of the Senate President's appointment of Cole Wist to the Independent Ethics Commission.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: COVID-19 In Latino Community. Description: Concerning the recognition and remembrance of those lost to COVID-19 in the Latino community.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Interrogatory Regarding School Dist Mill Levies. Description: Concerning a request to the supreme court of the state of Colorado to render its opinion upon a question regarding House Bill 21-1164.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Joint Rules Committees Of Reference. Description: Concerning changes to the joint rules of the Senate and House of Representatives regarding oversight responsibilities of committees of reference.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Water Projects Eligibility Lists. Description: Concerning approval of water project revolving fund eligibility lists administered by the Colorado water resources and power development authority.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: State Of The State. Description: Concerning a Joint Session of the House of Representatives and the Senate for the purpose of hearing a message from His Excellency, Governor Jared Polis, and appointing a committee to escort the Governor.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: State Of The Judiciary. Description: Concerning a Joint Session of the House of Representatives and the Senate for the purpose of hearing a message from the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and appointing a committee to escort the Chief Justice.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: March 23 Colorado Agriculture Day. Description: Concerning the designation of March 23, 2021, as "Colorado Agriculture Day".
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Rescind Previous Requests For Constitutional Convention. Description: Concerning the rescission of all previous requests by the Colorado General Assembly or either house thereof for a convention under Article V of the United States Constitution.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Kerri L. Hunter As New State Auditor. Description: Concerning the appointment of Kerri L. Hunter to the position of state auditor.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Interrogatories Redistricting Commns Procedures. Description: Concerning a request to the Supreme Court of the state of Colorado to render its opinion upon questions regarding sections 44 to 48.4 of article V of the state constitution.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Commemoration Of The Holocaust. Description: Concerning the commemoration of the Holocaust.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Deputy Russell And Moreno Memorial Highway. Description: Concerning the designation of a portion of United States Highway 160 as the "Deputy Travis Russell and Deputy Sergeant Matthew Troy Moreno Memorial Highway".
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Approval Of Sculpture On Capitol Grounds For General Rose. Description: Concerning the installation of a sculpture on the State Capitol grounds to memorialize Major General Maurice Rose.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Honoring The Fallen For Memorial Day. Description: Concerning honoring and commemorating the service members who have paid the ultimate sacrifice to our nation in recognition of Memorial Day.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Temporary Joint Rules. Description: Concerning the adoption of the joint rules as the temporary joint rules of the Seventy-third General Assembly and modifying Joint Rule 44 of the Senate and House of Representatives related to legislative procedures during a declared disaster emergency.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: General Assembly Positions & Salary Ranges. Description: Concerning the officers and employees of the First Regular Session of the Seventy-third general assembly.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Commission On Uniform State Laws Appointments. Description: Concerning the appointment of members of the Colorado commission on uniform state laws.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Temporary Adjournment For Longer Than Three Days. Description: Concerning a temporary adjournment of the first regular session of the seventy-third general assembly.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: 76th Anniversary Of End Of World War II. Description: Concerning honoring Colorado veterans on the seventy-sixth anniversary of the end of World War II.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Honoring Gold Star Families. Description: Concerning honoring gold star families.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Honoring Colorado Vietnam Veterans. Description: Concerning the recognition and remembrance of military veterans in Colorado who served in the Vietnam War.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Military, Veterans, And MIA/POW Appreciation Day. Description: Concerning recognition of Military, Veterans, and MIA/POW Appreciation Day.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: U.S.S. Pueblo. Description: Concerning the fifty-third anniversary of the capture of the U.S.S. Pueblo by North Korea.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Recognize MLK Assassination Day. Description: Concerning the recognition of Alpha Day in remembrance of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Recognition Of Latina And Latino Veterans. Description: Concerning recognition of the contributions of Latina and Latino veterans.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Designate Richard "RJ" Lawrence Bridge. Description: Concerning the designation of the Interstate 25 bridge over 17th Avenue as the "Richard "RJ" Lawrence Bridge".
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Armenian Genocide Remembrance Day. Description: Concerning the "Colorado Day of Remembrance of the Armenian Genocide" on April 26, 2021.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Designate SPC Gabriel David Conde Memorial Highway. Description: Concerning the designation of United States Highway 287 from the intersection of State Highway 66 to the intersection of State Highway 402 as the "SPC Gabriel David Conde Memorial Highway".
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Jack Annan "Mr. NJC" Memorial Highway. Description: Concerning the designation of a portion of United States Highway 138 as the "Jack Annan "Mr. NJC" Memorial Highway".
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Designate Deputy Jason Schwartz Memorial Bridge. Description: Concerning the designation of the overpass of State Highway 115 that crosses over United States Highway 50 in Fremont County, Colorado, as the "Deputy Sheriff Jason Schwartz Memorial Bridge".
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Colorado Habitat Connectivity. Description: Concerning the general assembly's support of the state of Colorado's efforts to preserve the state's flora and fauna through the protection of wildlife habitat connectivity.
In 2021, Colorado engrossed a bill titled: Police Week And Peace Officers' Memorial Day. Description: Concerning declaring the week of May 9-15, 2021, as Police Week, and, in connection therewith, declaring May 15, 2021, as Peace Officers' Memorial Day.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Colorado Public Lands Day. Description: Concerning Colorado "Public Lands Day", and, in connection therewith, recognizing May 15, 2021, as the fifth annual "Public Lands Day" in Colorado.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: 2022 Convening Date. Description: Concerning the Convening Date for the 2022 Second Regular Session of the Seventy-third General Assembly.
In 2021, Colorado engrossed a bill titled: Notify Governor Of Adjournment. Description: Concerning the appointment of a joint committee to notify the governor that the first regular session of the seventy-third general assembly is about to adjourn sine die.
In 2021, Colorado passed a bill titled: Reaffirming United States Space Command In Colorado. Description: Concerning reaffirming Colorado to be the permanent location for the United States Space Command, and, in connection therewith, urging the Department of Defense to keep the United States Space Command in Colorado.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Grants To Improve Internet Access In P-12 Education. Description: Concerning support for expanding broadband access for preschool through twelfth grade education, and, in connection therewith, creating the connecting Colorado students grant program and making an appropriation.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Emergency Relief Programs For Child Care Sector. Description: Concerning the creation of COVID-19 emergency relief grant programs for the child care sector, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Food Pantry Assistance Grant Program. Description: Concerning changes to the food pantry assistance grant program, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Qualified Retailer Retain Sales Tax For Assistance. Description: Concerning a temporary deduction from state net taxable sales for certain retailers in the state in order to allow such retailers to retain the resulting sales tax collected as assistance for lost revenue as a result of the economic disruptions due to the presence of coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) in Colorado.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Local Authority To Impose Food Delivery Fee Restrictions. Description: Concerning authorization for local governments to enact restrictions relating to fees charged by a third-party food delivery service to a retail food establishment.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Insurance Premium Tax Payments And Credits. Description: Concerning modifications to the insurance premium tax, and, in connection therewith, modifying how credits against premium tax payments may be claimed or transferred, adjusting how estimated quarterly taxes are calculated, and allowing a company to claim a refund for overpayments of estimated premium tax liability.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Rural Jump-start Zone Act Modifications. Description: Concerning modifications to the rural jump-start zone act.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: COVID-19 Relief Small And Minority Businesses Arts Organizations. Description: Concerning support for entities impacted by severe capacity restrictions due to the COVID-19 pandemic, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Housing And Direct COVID Emergency Assistance. Description: Concerning temporary assistance for individuals who are facing a financial hardship due to the COVID-19 pandemic, and, in connection therewith, creating the emergency direct assistance grant program; and transferring money to the emergency direct assistance grant program fund, and to the housing development grant fund, and to the eviction legal defense fund for this assistance; and making an appropriation.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Money For Energy Utility Bill Payment Assistance. Description: Concerning assistance for individuals who are unable to pay their energy utility bills, and, in connection therewith, transferring money from the general fund to the energy outreach Colorado low-income energy assistance fund.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Transfer To Make Money Availalbe For COVID-19 Emergency. Description: Concerning a transfer from the general fund to the controlled maintenance trust fund of money that will be available to the governor for a limited time for further transfer to the disaster emergency fund for public health and emergency response expenses associated with the COVID-19 pandemic emergency.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Senate Rule Change Committee Remote Public Testimony. Description: Concerning a change to the rules of the Senate to authorize the President of the Senate to promulgate regulations to allow remote testimony by the public during the proceedings of Senate committees of reference while there is a declared public health disaster emergency.
In 2020, Colorado engrossed a bill titled: Adjournment Sine Die. Description: Concerning adjournment sine die of the First Extraordinary Session of the Seventy-second General Assembly.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Nicotine Product Regulation. Description: Concerning nicotine product regulations, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Suppressing Court Records Of Eviction Proceedings. Description: Concerning suppressing court records of eviction proceedings.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Colorado Accurate Residence For Redistricting Act. Description: Concerning the "Colorado Accurate Residence for Redistricting Act".
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Specify Procedure Ratify Defective Corporate Actions. Description: Concerning the specification of procedures for the ratification of defective corporate actions.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Misuse Of Human Reproductive Material. Description: Concerning unconsented use of donor gametes in fertility treatment.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Substance Use Disorder Treatment In Criminal Justice System. Description: Concerning treatment of individuals with substance use disorders who come into contact with the criminal justice system.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Prison Population Reduction And Management. Description: Concerning measures to manage the state prison population, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Long-term Lodging Sales Tax Exemption. Description: Concerning the restriction of the state sales tax exemption for long-term lodging.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Colorado Youth Advisory Council Membership. Description: Concerning the addition of representatives from Native American tribes with reservations in Colorado to the Colorado youth advisory council.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Sales And Use Tax Simplification Task Force. Description: Concerning the sales and use tax simplification task force, and, in connection therewith, extending the task force, modifying the task force's duties, and removing the requirement that the task force undergo an evaluation by the department of regulatory agencies prior to the task force's repeal.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: State Address Data For Sales And Use Tax Collection. Description: Concerning certain address database systems used for sales and use tax collection.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Net Operating Loss Deduction Modifications. Description: Concerning modifications to the state's net operating loss deduction.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Create Twenty-third Judicial District. Description: Concerning the creation of a twenty-third judicial district.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Colorado State Patrol Port Of Entry Direct Traffic. Description: Concerning authorizing Colorado state patrol port of entry officers to direct traffic.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Allow County Officers To Accept Lower Salary. Description: Concerning the authority of an elected county officer to elect to receive a lower salary than the amount provided for by law.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Commercial Vehicle Annual Fleet Overweight Permits. Description: Concerning the creation of a single annual fleet overweight permit for a commercial motor vehicle fleet that includes both vehicles that have a quad axle grouping and vehicle combinations with a trailer that has two or three axles.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Replace Columbus Day With New State Holiday. Description: Concerning the establishment of a new state holiday in place of Columbus day.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Timing K-12 Education Standards Review. Description: Concerning the timing of education standards review.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Align Emergency Medical Service Provider Statutes. Description: Concerning the addition of references to licensed emergency medical service providers in the emergency medical service providers' peer health assistance program statute to align the statute with legislation enacted in 2019 that authorized certified emergency medical service providers to seek licensure.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Augmentation Of Instream Flows. Description: Concerning the Colorado water conservation board's authority to augment stream flows with acquired water rights that have been previously decreed for augmentation use.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Repeal Colorado Department Of Public Health And Environment Youth Services Statutes. Description: Concerning certain conforming amendments necessitated by the transfer of certain programs to the department of human services from the department of public health and environment pursuant to House Bill 13-1117.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Transparent State Web Portal Search Rules. Description: Concerning a transparent state web portal that allows the public to easily search for information relating to state agency rules at no cost.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Physician Assistants Financial Responsibility Requirements. Description: Concerning financial responsibility requirements for physician assistants who have been practicing for at least three years.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: PFAS Polyfluoroalky Substances Manufacturer Notice Requirements. Description: Concerning a modification of the notice requirements for manufacturers of perfluoroalkyl and polyfluoroalkyl substances.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Modify Pension Plans Administered By FPPA Fire And Police Pension Association. Description: Concerning modifications to the pension plans administered by the fire and police pension association.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Race Trait Hairstyle Anti-discrimination Protect. Description: Concerning a prohibition against discrimination based on a person's traits that are historically associated with race.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Other Outlet Pharmacies Drug Distribution. Description: Concerning the distribution of drugs by other outlet pharmacies.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Identification Of Veteran Remains For Proper Military Burial. Description: Concerning final disposition of the abandoned cremated remains of persons eligible for interment in a national cemetery.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Privacy Protections For Human Services Workers. Description: Concerning restrictions on making public the personal information of certain employees at risk of threats relating to the administration of human services programs.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Supports For Early Childhood Educator Workforce. Description: Concerning measures to support the early childhood educator workforce.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Vintner's Restaurant Alternating Proprietor. Description: Concerning the ability of a vintner's restaurant licensee to manufacture vinous liquors on alternating proprietor licensed premises.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Nonsubstantive Reorganization Dental Practice Act. Description: Concerning the nonsubstantive reorganization of the "Dental Practice Act".
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Modify Wildfire Risk Mitigation Grant Program. Description: Concerning modifications to the "Forest Restoration and Wildfire Risk Mitigation Act".
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Human Immunodeficiency Virus Infection Prevention Medications. Description: Concerning pharmacists' ability to provide HIV infection prevention medications to patients, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Colorado Student Free Expression Law. Description: Concerning clarifications to the Colorado student free expression law.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Harm Reduction Substance Use Disorders. Description: Concerning the use of measures that do not involve schedule I controlled substances to reduce the harm caused by substance use disorders.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Managment Of Property Held By Certain Junior College Districts. Description: Concerning the management of real estate held by certain junior college districts.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Trash Collection By Special Districts. Description: Concerning the authorization for special districts to provide for the collection and transportation of solid waste.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Modifications Of County Treasurer Duties. Description: Concerning the modification of various provisions regarding the responsibilities of the county treasurer.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Pharmacy Benefit Management Firm Claims Payments. Description: Concerning prescription drug claims submitted by a pharmacy, and, in connection therewith, prohibiting retroactive fees.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Remove Residency Requirement For Marijuana License. Description: Concerning repealing the residency licensing requirement for marijuana licenses.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: State Historical Society Authority To Sell Property. Description: Concerning the authority of the state historical society to dispose of real property in Georgetown, Colorado.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Parks And Wildlife Law Enforcement Statutes Cleanup. Description: Concerning the enforcement of laws administered by the division of parks and wildlife, and, in connection therewith, modifying parks and wildlife statutes to correct vague and contradictory provisions of law and remove obsolete provisions of law.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: County Authority License And Regulate Business. Description: Concerning county authority to license and regulate short-term lodging rentals.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Repeal Fee Cap On-site Wastewater Treatment System. Description: Concerning a repeal of the dollar limitation on the fee that a local board of health may set for on-site wastewater treatment system permits.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Local Governments Water Elements In Master Plans. Description: Concerning the authority of a local government's master plan to include policies to implement state water plan goals as a condition of development approvals, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Pass-through Child Support Payments. Description: Concerning pass-through child support payments to families that are eligible for temporary assistance for needy families.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Assisted Living Residence Referrals. Description: Concerning the referral of a prospective resident to an assisted living residence by an assisted living residence referral agency.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Court Procedures Relinquishment Parental Rights. Description: Concerning court proceedings related to relinquishment of parental rights.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Fort Lewis College Board Of Trustees. Description: Concerning the composition of the board of trustees for Fort Lewis college.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Tax Credit Employer Contributions To Employee 529s. Description: Concerning an extension of the income tax credit for employer contributions to employee 529 qualified state tuition programs.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Mental Health Educational Resources. Description: Concerning mental health educational resources, and, in connection therewith, making enhancements to the safe2tell program.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Procurement Technical Assistance Program Extension. Description: Concerning an extension of the procurement technical assistance center program.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: State Government Regulation Of Perfluoroalkyl And Polyfluoroalkyl Substances. Description: Concerning the authority of the state government to regulate perfluoroalkyl and polyfluoroalkyl substances, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Disaster Emergency Transfers From County General Funds. Description: Concerning clarification of the period following the declaration by the governor of a disaster emergency in a county within which the board of county commissioners may transfer county general fund money to the county road and bridge fund for the purposes of disaster response and recovery.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Extend Public Employees' Retirement Association Retiree Work After Retirement Limit. Description: Concerning an extension of the employment-after-retirement limitations for retirees of the public employees' retirement association employed by a board of cooperative services after retirement.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Educator Education Requirements Special Education. Description: Concerning education requirements for educators to increase awareness of special education issues.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: County Reimbursement For Local Elections Supplies. Description: Concerning county reimbursements for election supplies from the local elections assistance cash fund.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Land Use Entitlements And Municipal Disconnection. Description: Concerning land use entitlements affecting real property that has been disconnected from a municipality.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Replace High School Social Studies Assessment. Description: Concerning removing the requirement for the department of education to administer a state assessment in social studies to high school students, and, in connection therewith, reducing an appropriation.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Insurance Investment Regulation Modernization. Description: Concerning the regulation of investments made by domestic insurance companies.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Broadband Grant Certification Of Unserved Area Requirement. Description: Concerning a requirement that the broadband deployment board give substantial weight to a local entity's written certification that an area within the entity's jurisdiction is an unserved area when considering an application for grant money for the provision of broadband service to that unserved area.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Environmental Justice And Projects Increase Environmental Fines. Description: Concerning additional public health protections regarding alleged environmental violations, and, in connection therewith, raising the maximum fines for air quality and water quality violations.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Move Over Or Slow Down For Official Vehicle. Description: Concerning the safety consequences of a driver passing an official vehicle that displays a warning light.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Offenses Committed Against A Deceased Human Body. Description: Concerning punishments related to offenses committed against a deceased human body.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Colorado Partnership For Quality Jobs And Services Act. Description: Concerning the relationship between state employees and the state as their employer, and, in connection therewith, creating the "Colorado Partnership for Quality Jobs and Services Act", and making an appropriation.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Higher Efficiency New Construction Residence. Description: Concerning requirements that builders of new residences offer buyers options to accommodate higher efficiency devices.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: CO Colorado Municipal Election Code Administrative Modifications. Description: Concerning modifications to certain administrative requirements specified in the "Colorado Municipal Election Code of 1965", and, in connection therewith, making modifications to provisions addressing the administration of the "Uniformed and Overseas Citizens Absentee Voting Act", mail ballots, nomination petitions, and affidavits for withdrawal from candidacy.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Loaned Water For Instream Flows To Improve Environment. Description: Concerning the Colorado water conservation board's authority to use water that a water right owner voluntarily loans to the board for instream flow purposes.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Insurance Cover Infertility Diagnosis Treatment Preserve. Description: Concerning insurance coverage for infertility, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: State Engineer Confirm Existing Use Instream Flow. Description: Concerning the authority of the state engineer to confirm the extent of uses of water in existence on the date of an instream flow appropriation.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Private Activity Bond Allocation. Description: Concerning the allocation of private activity bonds, and, in connection therewith, eliminating the bond allocation committee, requiring the state housing board to assume the allocation related functions of the committee, and eliminating the cap on the direct allocation fee paid to the department of local affairs.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Interior Design Practice. Description: Concerning modifications to the interior design exemption set forth in the laws governing the practice of architecture.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Amendments Due To Automatic Repeal of Tax Credit. Description: Concerning necessary statutory amendments due to the automatic repeal of an enterprise zone act income tax credit for new business facility employees.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Move Alternative Fuel Definition. Description: Concerning the relocation of the definition of "alternative fuel" from a part of the statutes in which the definition is no longer referenced to a part of the statutes in which the definition is referenced.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Sales Tax Statute Modifications To Address Defect. Description: Concerning modifications to the sales tax statutes in order to address certain defects and anachronisms.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Modify Certain Tax Statutes To Address Defects. Description: Concerning modifications to certain tax statutes in order to address defects and anachronisms.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Income Tax Statute Modification To Address Defects. Description: Concerning modifications to the income tax statutes in order to address certain defects and anachronisms.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Enterprise Zone Statute Fixes Of Defects. Description: Concerning modifications to the enterprise zone statutes in order to address certain defects and anachronisms.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Increase Speed Limit On Certain Rural Highways. Description: Concerning increasing the speed limit on rural state highways where it is safe to do so, and, in connection therewith, directing the department of transportation to identify these highways.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Rule Review Bill. Description: Concerning implementation of the committee on legal services' recommendations in connection with legislative review of state agencies' rules.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Nonprofit Transit Authority Agency Fuel Tax. Description: Concerning the repeal of the fuel tax exemption for nonprofit transit agencies.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Residents Of Bordering States Sales Tax Exemption. Description: Concerning the repeal of the sales tax exemption for sales to residents of bordering states without retail sales taxes.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Sunset Continue Certification Of Nurse Aides. Description: Concerning the continuation of the certification of nurse aides by the state board of nursing, and, in connection therewith, implementing the recommendations contained in the 2019 sunset report by the department of regulatory agencies.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Sunset Colorado Seed Act. Description: Concerning the continuation of the "Colorado Seed Act", and, in connection therewith, implementing recommendations contained in the 2019 sunset report by the department of regulatory agencies.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Sunset Colorado Kids Outdoors Advisory Council. Description: Concerning the continuation of the Colorado kids outdoors advisory council, and, in connection therewith, implementing the recommendations contained in the 2019 sunset report by the department of regulatory agencies.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Mobile Home Park Act Updates. Description: Concerning updates to the laws governing mobile home parks.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: 2-1-1 Statewide Human Services Referral System. Description: Concerning the statewide communication system for referral to essential services, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Sunset Homeowners' Association Information And Resource Center. Description: Concerning the continuation of the HOA information and resource center, and, in connection therewith, implementing recommendations contained in the 2019 sunset report by the department of regulatory agencies.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Mobile Home Park Residents Opportunity To Purchase. Description: Concerning providing home owners in a mobile home park the opportunity to purchase the park under specified circumstances.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Pre-1987 Net Operating Loss Deduction. Description: Concerning the repeal of the pre-1987 net operating loss deduction for individuals, estates, and trusts.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Sunset Mental Health Professionals. Description: Concerning the continuation of the regulation of mental health professionals, and, in connection therewith, implementing recommendations contained in the 2019 sunset report by the department of regulatory agencies.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Sunset Coal Mine Board Of Examiners. Description: Concerning the continuation of the coal mine board of examiners, and, in connection therewith, implementing recommendations contained in the 2019 sunset report by the department of regulatory agencies.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Sunset Nurse-physician Advisory Task Force. Description: Concerning the continuation of the nurse-physician advisory task force for Colorado health care, and, in connection therewith, implementing the recommendations contained in the 2019 sunset report by the department of regulatory agencies, specifying the type of physician organization to be represented on the task force, and making an appropriation.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Sunset State Board Of Chiropractic Examiners. Description: Concerning the continuation of the state board of chiropractic examiners, and, in connection therewith, implementing the recommendations contained in the 2019 sunset report by the department of regulatory agencies.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Sunset Regulation Of Egg Dealers. Description: Concerning the continuation of the licensing of egg dealers, and, in connection therewith, implementing the recommendations contained in the 2019 sunset report by the department of regulatory agencies.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Sunset Naturopathic Doctors. Description: Concerning the continuation of the regulation of naturopathic doctors, and, in connection therewith, implementing recommendations contained in the 2019 sunset report by the department of regulatory agencies.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Sunset Commodity Handler And Farm Products Acts. Description: Concerning the continuation of the department of agriculture's regulatory functions related to persons who work with agricultural products, and, in connection therewith, implementing recommendations contained in the 2019 sunset report by the department of regulatory agencies concerning the "Commodity Handler Act" and the "Farm Products Act".
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Sunset Home Warranty Service Contracts. Description: Concerning the continuation of the statutes governing home warranty service contracts, and, in connection therewith, implementing the recommendations contained in the 2019 sunset report by the department of regulatory agencies.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Sunset Water Wastewater Facility Operators Certification Board. Description: Concerning the continuation of the water and wastewater facility operators certification board, and, in connection therewith, implementing the recommendations contained in the 2019 sunset report by the department of regulatory agencies and making an appropriation.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Sunset Continue Nurse Practice Act. Description: Concerning the continuation of the state board of nursing, and, in connection therewith, implementing the recommendations contained in the 2019 sunset report by the department of regulatory agencies.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Sunset Marijuana Financial Services Cooperatives. Description: Concerning the continuation of marijuana financial services cooperatives, and, in connection therewith, implementing the recommendations contained in the 2019 sunset report by the department of regulatory agencies.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Sunset Continue Hearing Aid Providers. Description: Concerning the continuation of the licensing of hearing aid providers, and, in connection therewith, implementing recommendations contained in the 2019 sunset report by the department of regulatory agencies.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Sunset Continue Licensing Audiologists. Description: Concerning the continuation of the licensing of audiologists, and, in connection therewith, implementing recommendations contained in the 2019 sunset report by the department of regulatory agencies.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Cooperative Electric Utilities Reasonable Rates Energy Storage. Description: Concerning clarification of the requirement of reasonableness in charges imposed by one cooperative electric association upon another.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Peace Officers Standards and Training Board Scholarship Rural And Small Law Enforcement. Description: Concerning authorizing the peace officers standards and training board to establish a scholarship program for law enforcement agencies with limited resources to assist the agencies with the payment of tuition costs for peace officer candidates to attend an approved basic law enforcement training academy.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Sunset Occupational Therapy Practice Act. Description: Concerning the continuation of the "Occupational Therapy Practice Act", and, in connection therewith, implementing the recommendations contained in the 2019 sunset report by the department of regulatory agencies.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Equity In Access To Clinical Trials In Medicaid. Description: Concerning equity in access to clinical trials for individuals enrolled in the medical assistance program.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Health Care Coverage Easy Enrollment Program. Description: Concerning a health care coverage enrollment program that uses information gathered from state individual income tax return forms to aid uninsured individuals in obtaining health care coverage.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Medicaid Managed Care Assignment For Child Welfare. Description: Concerning the assignment of certain children and youth to managed care service areas under the medical assistance act.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Department of Agriculture Supplemental. Description: Concerning a supplemental appropriation to the department of agriculture.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Department of Corrections Supplemental. Description: Concerning a supplemental appropriation to the department of corrections.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Department of Education Supplemental. Description: Concerning a supplemental appropriation to the department of education.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Department of Governor, Lt. Governor, & OSPB Supplemental. Description: Concerning a supplemental appropriation to the offices of the governor, lieutenant governor, and state planning and budgeting.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Department of Health Care Policy & Financing Supplemental. Description: Concerning a supplemental appropriation to the department of health care policy and financing.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Department of Higher Education Supplemental. Description: Concerning a supplemental appropriation to the department of higher education.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Department of Human Services Supplemental. Description: Concerning a supplemental appropriation to the department of human services.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Judicial Department Supplemental. Description: Concerning a supplemental appropriation to the judicial department.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Department of Law Supplemental. Description: Concerning a supplemental appropriation to the department of law.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Department of Local Affairs Supplemental. Description: Concerning a supplemental appropriation to the department of local affairs.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Department of Military Affairs Supplemental. Description: Concerning a supplemental appropriation to the department of military and veterans affairs.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Department of Natural Resources Supplemental. Description: Concerning a supplemental appropriation to the department of natural resources.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Department of Personnel Supplemental. Description: Concerning a supplemental appropriation to the department of personnel.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Department of Public Health & Environment Supplemental. Description: Concerning a supplemental appropriation to the department of public health and environment.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Department of Public Safety Supplemental. Description: Concerning a supplemental appropriation to the department of public safety.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Department of Revenue Supplemental. Description: Concerning a supplemental appropriation to the department of revenue.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Department of Treasury Supplemental. Description: Concerning a supplemental appropriation to the department of the treasury.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Capital Construction Supplemental. Description: Concerning funding for capital construction, and making supplemental appropriations in connection therewith.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: School Finance Adjustment To 2019-20 Total Program. Description: Concerning adjustments in the amount of total program funding for public schools for the 2019-20 budget year, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: General Fund Transfer To Information Technology Capital Account. Description: Concerning a transfer of money from the general fund to the information technology capital account within the capital construction fund.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Housing Assistance Justice System Transition Money. Description: Concerning money appropriated for housing assistance for persons transitioning from the criminal or juvenile justice system.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Increase Public Protection Air Toxics Emissions. Description: Concerning increased public protections from emissions of air toxics.
In 2020, Colorado engrossed a bill titled: One Parent Consent For Behavioral Health Services. Description: Concerning the consent of one parent for a licensed professional person to treat a minor for a behavioral health disorder.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: In-state Tuition At Community College For Military. Description: Concerning providing in-state tuition status at a community college for military families regardless of whether Colorado domicile status is satisfied.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: CDHE Data For Student Return On Investment Metrics. Description: Concerning authorizing the department of higher education to collect the data necessary to calculate return on investment metrics related to student outcomes.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Change Salary Categorizations For Certain Counties. Description: Concerning the salary categorization of locally elected officers in specified counties.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Sunset Motorcycle Operator Safety Training Program. Description: Concerning the continuation of the motorcycle operator safety training program, and, in connection therewith, implementing the recommendations contained in the 2019 sunset report by the department of regulatory agencies.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Sunset Regulation Of Fantasy Sports. Description: Concerning the continuation of the regulation of fantasy contest operators, and, in connection therewith, implementing recommendations contained in the 2019 sunset
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Align Precinct Caucus Eligibility Deadlines. Description: Concerning an alignment of certain eligibility deadlines affecting precinct caucuses under the "Uniform Election Code of 1992".
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Failure-to-cooperate Defense First-party Insurance. Description: Concerning the ability of an insurer to use a failure-to-cooperate defense in an action in which the insured has made a claim under insurance coverage for an incident.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Emergency Telephone Service Charges. Description: Concerning the provision of emergency telephone service, and, in connection therewith, establishing the 911 surcharge, and amending the requirements for the emergency telephone charge and the prepaid wireless 911 charge, and making an appropriation.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Immunization Status And Child Abuse Neglect. Description: Concerning clarifying that personal immunization exemptions cannot be used as the sole basis for child abuse or neglect for the purposes of Colorado's children's code.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Changes To Local School Food Purchasing Program. Description: Concerning technical changes to the local school food purchasing program.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Electronic Attendance In School District Board Meeting. Description: Concerning electronic attendance in meetings of school district boards of education.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: CAPS Check Program Changes. Description: Concerning changes to improve the protection services for at-risk adults.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Behavioral Health Training Requirements Educator License. Description: Concerning behavioral health training requirements for educator licensure.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Administration Of Late Ballots. Description: Concerning the administration of ballots mailed to electors towards the end of the voting period.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Standards For Recording Plats. Description: Concerning the electronic recording of plats of land.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Create Occupational Credential Portability Program. Description: Concerning an expansion of an individual's ability to practice an occupation in Colorado through creation of an occupational credential portability program.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: CGIA Colorado Governmental Immunity Act And A State Hospital Authority. Description: Concerning modifications to the "Colorado Governmental Immunity Act" to clarify the status of immunity from liability that applies to the university of Colorado hospital authority.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Prohibit Housing Discrimination Source Of Income. Description: Concerning prohibitions on discrimination in housing based on source of income, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Holocaust And Genocide Studies In Public Schools. Description: Concerning requiring the satisfactory completion of a course that includes Holocaust and genocide studies as a condition of high school graduation in public schools.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Egg-laying Hen Confinement Standards. Description: Concerning confinement standards for egg-laying hens whose eggs are sold.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Fiscal Year 2020-21 Legislative Appropriation Bill. Description: Concerning payment of expenses of the legislative department.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Licensure Exemption For Family Child Care Homes. Description: Concerning the child care licensure exemption for family child care homes.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Ballot Access Modifications Public Health Concerns. Description: Concerning modifications to party candidate designation requirements to accommodate public health concerns.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: 2020-21 Long Bill. Description: Concerning the provision for payment of the expenses of the executive, legislative, and judicial departments of the state of Colorado, and of its agencies and institutions, for and during the fiscal year beginning July 1, 2020, except as otherwise noted.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Reduce The Adult Dental Benefit. Description: Concerning the reduction of the adult dental benefit, and, in connection therewith, reducing an appropriation.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Limit Increase to Medicaid Nursing Facility Rates. Description: Concerning a limitation on the general fund share of the per diem rates paid to nursing facilities for two years commencing with the 2020-21 fiscal year, and, in connection therewith, reducing an appropriation.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Repeal Report On Increase Rate For Direct Support. Description: Concerning the repeal of the requirement that service providers report on the use of money to increase the reimbursement rate to direct support professionals.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Repeal Opioid Awareness Program And Appropriation. Description: Concerning the repeal of the program to increase public awareness of opioid use implemented by the center for research into substance use disorder prevention, treatment, and recovery support strategies, and, in connection therewith, repealing the requirement for appropriations to the center for the program, eliminating the scheduled sunset review of the program, and reducing an appropriation.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Sustain Funding History Colorado. Description: Concerning the fiscal sustainability of history Colorado.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Higher Education Funding Allocation Model. Description: Concerning a higher education funding allocation model.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Reallocate State Sales And Use Tax To General Fund. Description: Concerning the reallocation of state sales and use tax revenue from the older Coloradans cash fund to the general fund for the state fiscal year 2020-21.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Delay Implementation Of House Bill 19-1229. Description: Concerning delaying the implementation of the "Colorado Electronic Preservation of Abandoned Estate Planning Documents Act", and, in connection therewith, decreasing an appropriation.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Reduce Prosecution Training Appropriation. Description: Concerning reducing the annual appropriation for prosecution training.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Transfers From Unclaimed Property Trust Fund Hous. Description: Concerning transfers from the unclaimed property trust fund to the housing development grant fund to expand the supply of affordable housing statewide.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Delay Substance Use And Mental Health Services Grant Program. Description: Concerning implementation of the community substance use and mental health services grant program, and, in connection therewith, reducing an appropriation.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Operational Fund Mined Land Reclamation Repeal. Description: Concerning the repeal of provisions relating to mined land reclamation.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Repeal Waste Grease Program. Description: Concerning the repeal of the waste grease program, and, in connection therewith, reducing an appropriation.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Repeal Law Enforcement Grant Appropriation Roll-forward. Description: Concerning the repeal of the authority for the division of criminal justice to expend an unused appropriation for the law enforcement grant program in the next fiscal year without further appropriation.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Modify Transportation Funding Mechanisms. Description: Concerning the modification of transportation funding mechanisms, and, in connection therewith, delaying from the November 2020 general election until the November 2021 statewide election the requirement that a ballot issue seeking approval for the issuance of transportation revenue anticipation notes be submitted to the voters of the state, amending the ballot issue to reduce the amount of notes authorized to be issued, eliminating specified scheduled general fund transfers to the state highway fund, reducing the amount of general fund money dedicated to make lease-purchase agreement payments due during state fiscal years 2020-21 and 2021-22, repealing department of transportation rule-making and reporting requirements relating to motor vehicles used for certain types of commercial purposes, and making and reducing appropriations.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Fund Controlled Maintenance Projects. Description: Concerning a requirement that a portion of the proceeds of the Senate Bill 17-267 lease-purchase agreement that will be executed in state fiscal year 2019-20 be credited to the capital construction fund and appropriated only for controlled maintenance projects, including controlled maintenance projects that are capital renewal projects.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Capital-related Transfers Of Money. Description: Concerning capital-related transfers of money.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Suspend Direct Distribution To PERA Public Employees Retirement Association For 2020-21 Fiscal Year. Description: Concerning suspending the direct distribution to the public employees' retirement association for the 2020-21 state fiscal year, and, in connection therewith, reducing an appropriation.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Move Tobacco Litigation Settlement Moneys General Fund. Description: Concerning the redirection of a portion of tobacco litigation settlement moneys to the general fund.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Cash Fund Transfers General Fund. Description: Concerning the augmentation of the general fund through transfers of certain money.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Repeal Cash Funds With General Fund Reversions. Description: Concerning the repeal of certain cash funds that include reversions of general fund appropriations.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Reduce The General Fund Reserve. Description: Concerning a temporary reduction in the general fund reserve.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Wraparound Services For Eligible at-Risk Children. Description: Concerning the delay of department implementation of high-fidelity wraparound services for eligible at-risk children unless money is appropriated for the services, and, in connection therewith, reducing appropriations.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Use Of Increased Medicaid Match. Description: Concerning the increased money received due to the federal "Families First Coronavirus Response Act", and, in connection therewith, making and reducing appropriations.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Use Fees For Medical Assistance Program General Fund Offset. Description: Concerning the use of a specified amount of the money in the healthcare affordability and sustainability fee cash fund to offset general fund expenditures for the state medical assistance program, and, in connection therewith, making and reducing appropriations.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Transfers From Unexpended County Reimbursements. Description: Concerning the repeal of the transfer of unexpended money for reimbursing counties for exemptions from property taxes.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Statutory Provisions Divert General Fund Reversions. Description: Concerning statutory provisions on money from the general fund for programs operated by the department of human services, and, in connection therewith, reducing an appropriation.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Suspend Transfers Child Welfare Services Cash Fund. Description: Concerning a three-year suspension of transfers to the child welfare prevention and intervention services cash fund of unspent general fund appropriations to the child welfare line item.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Discontinue Division of Youth Services Trauma Pilot Program. Description: Concerning the discontinuation of the pilot programs in the division of youth services that were established to create a division-wide therapeutic culture with trauma-responsive practices, and, in connection therewith, reducing an appropriation.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Behavioral Health Programs Appropriations. Description: Concerning eliminating statutory requirements for programs to increase access to treatment for behavioral health disorders, and, in connection therewith, reducing appropriations.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Council And Parking Program For Persons With Disability. Description: Concerning the repeal of certain provisions related to persons with a disability, and, in connection therewith, reducing an appropriation.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Expand Mental Health Diversion Pilot Program. Description: Concerning expanding the mental health diversion pilot programs to include more judicial districts.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Public Employees' Retirement Association Judicial Division Contribution Rate Modification. Description: Concerning a modification to the contribution rates to the public employees' retirement association for the judicial division of the association for certain fiscal years, and, in connection therewith, reducing an appropriation.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: End Skilled Worker Outreach, Recruitment, and Key Training Act Grants Transfer Money To General Fund. Description: Concerning the repeal of the "Skilled Worker Outreach, Recruitment, and Key Training Act" grant program, and, in connection therewith, eliminating new grants under the grant program, transferring the balance of the grant program fund to the general fund, requiring a final report on the grant program, and reducing an appropriation.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Work Force Dev Council Online Career Platform. Description: Concerning the implementation of an online platform by the state work force development council to assist Coloradans in exploring career options.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Eliminate Colorado Department Of Public Health And Environment Support Of Certain Boards. Description: Concerning the elimination of the requirement that the department of public health and environment provide assistance to certain boards, and, in connection therewith, reducing an appropriation.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Modify Automatic Funding Mechanism For Capital Construction. Description: Concerning modifications to the automatic cash fund funding mechanism for payment of future costs attributable to the state's capital assets, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Suspend Limited Gaming Tax Transfers To Cash Funds. Description: Concerning the temporary suspension of statutory allocations of limited gaming tax revenues, and, in connection therewith, making and reducing appropriations.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Temporary Modification Of Limited Gaming Tax Revenue Allocation. Description: Concerning the temporary reallocation of limited gaming tax revenues to address recovery following the 2020 budget crisis.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Marijuana Tax Cash Fund Spending And Transfer. Description: Concerning the transfer of money from the marijuana tax cash fund to the general fund that is made available due to the repeal of the prohibition on the general assembly appropriating money from the marijuana tax cash fund in the year that the money is received.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Revisor's Bill. Description: Concerning the nonsubstantive revision of statutes in the Colorado Revised Statutes, as amended, and, in connection therewith, amending or repealing obsolete, imperfect, and inoperative law to preserve the legislative intent, effect, and meaning of the law.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Colorado Water Conservation Board Construction Fund Project. Description: Concerning the funding of Colorado water conservation board projects, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Sunset Delay Sex Offender Management Board Review. Description: Concerning the continuation of the sex offender management board, and, in connection therewith, delaying consideration of the recommendations of the 2019 sunset report by the department of regulatory agencies until the 2021 regular session.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Cash Fund Transfers To The General Fund. Description: Concerning the augmentation of the general fund through transfers of certain money.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: College Admission Use Of National Test Score. Description: Concerning temporarily allowing a Colorado institution of higher education to determine whether to require a national assessment test score as an eligibility criterion for admission for first-time freshman students who graduate from high school in 2021.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Distribution Of HB20-1377 Capital Construction Fund Money. Description: Concerning the appropriation for controlled maintenance projects, including controlled maintenance projects that are capital renewal projects, of any proceeds from the Senate Bill 17-267 lease-purchase agreement that will be executed in state fiscal year 2019-20 that are credited to the capital construction fund as a result of House Bill 20-1377.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: CDPHE Inspections Of Penal Institutions. Description: Concerning department of public health and environment inspections of penal institutions.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: COVID-19-related Housing Assistance. Description: Concerning assistance for individuals facing a housing-related hardship due to the COVID-19 pandemic, and, in connection therewith, transferring money received from the federal government pursuant to the "CARES Act" to the eviction legal defense fund and the housing development grant fund to provide such assistance and making an appropriation.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: COVID-19 Funds Allocation For Behavioral Health. Description: Concerning the allocation of money the state received from the federal coronavirus relief fund for behavioral health services.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: COVID-19 Utility Bill Payment-related Assistance. Description: Concerning assistance for individuals unable to pay their utility bills due to economic hardship caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, and, in connection therewith, transferring money received from the federal government pursuant to the "CARES Act" to the energy outreach Colorado low-income energy assistance fund to provide such assistance.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Small Business Recovery Loan Program Premium Tax Credits. Description: Concerning the establishment of a state and private investor funded small business recovery loan program, and, in connection therewith, authorizing the department of the treasury to obtain the state share of funding for the program by selling insurance premium tax credits to qualified taxpayers and authorizing the state treasurer to contract with a program manager to establish and administer the program.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Price Gouge Amid Disaster Deceptive Trade Practice. Description: Concerning a prohibition against engaging in price gouging for a period following a declared disaster.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Whistleblower Protection Public Health Emergencies. Description: Concerning a worker's rights in the workplace for conduct related to a principal's actions during a public health emergency, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Legislative Council Staff Initiative Fiscal Summary. Description: Concerning the modification of fiscal information prepared by legislative council staff related to an initiated measure, and, in connection therewith, reducing an appropriation.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Care Subfund In The General Fund. Description: Concerning the establishment of administrative conditions related to money in the general fund from the federal coronavirus relief fund that apply to an allocation established in separate legislation until the unspent money remaining in the subfund is transferred to the unemployment compensation fund on December 30, 2020.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Public School Finance. Description: Concerning the financing of public schools, and, in connection therewith, making and reducing appropriations.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: State Drug Assistance Program Funding. Description: Concerning the creation of a cash fund into which money received from pharmaceutical rebates for the state drug assistance program administered by the department of public health and environment will be credited.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Adjust Tax Expenditures For State Education Fund. Description: Concerning the adjustment of certain state tax expenditures in order to allocate additional revenues to the state education fund, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Delinquent Interest Payments Property Tax. Description: Concerning delinquent interest payments for property tax payments.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Food Pantry Assistance Grant Program. Description: Concerning the creation of the food pantry assistance grant program, and, in connection therewith, authorizing an allocation of money the state receives from the federal coronavirus relief fund.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Suspend Scheduled State Legislator Salary Increase. Description: Concerning the one-year suspension of a scheduled pay increase for members of the Colorado general assembly, and, in connection therewith, reducing an appropriation.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Social Equity Licensees In Regulated Marijuana. Description: Concerning social equity licensees in regulated marijuana.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Hospital Patient Visitation Rights During COVID-19. Description: Concerning hospital patient visitation rights during the COVID-19 pandemic.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Limit Emergency Spending And Authorize Additional Appropriation. Description: Concerning legislative engagement in the management of state operations.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Cigarette Tobacco And Nicotine Products Tax. Description: Concerning the taxation of products that contain nicotine, and, in connection therewith, incrementally increasing the cigarette tax and the tobacco products tax; expanding both of these taxes to apply to sales to consumers from outside of the state; creating an inventory tax that applies when the cigarette tax increases; creating a minimum tax amount for moist snuff tobacco products; creating a tax on nicotine products that is equal to the total tax on tobacco products; establishing new rates for cigarettes, tobacco products, and nicotine products that are modified risk tobacco products that are half of the statutory tax; referring a ballot issue for prior voter approval for the new and increased taxes; and allocating the new tax revenue.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Rural Economic Development Initiative Grant Program. Description: Concerning the creation of the rural economic development initiative grant program.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: State Parks Improvement Appropriation. Description: Concerning improvements to state parks, and, in connection therewith, making and reducing an appropriation.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Amend Colorado Opportunity Scholarship Initiative. Description: Concerning changes to the continuing administration of the Colorado opportunity scholarship initiative.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Treatment Opioid And Other Substance Use Disorders. Description: Concerning treatment for substance use disorders.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Expand Adult Education Grant Program. Description: Concerning expansion of the adult education and literacy grant program.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Commercial Vehicle VIN Vehicle Identification Number Verification Inspections. Description: Concerning permanent authorization for third-party providers to perform vehicle identification number verification inspections for commercial vehicles.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Excused Absences In Public Schools For Behavioral Health. Description: Concerning excused absences in public schools resulting from behavioral health concerns.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Transportation Public-private Partnership Reporting. Description: Concerning a requirement that the high-performance transportation enterprise include information about its public-private partnerships in its annual report to the legislative committees of the house of representatives and the senate that have jurisdiction over transportation.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Tax Expenditure Bill Requirements. Description: Concerning certain requirements that must be included in a tax expenditure bill.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Colorado Working Group On School Safety. Description: Concerning creating a multi-agency working group to address school safety.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Conservancy District Boards Art And Beautification Projects. Description: Concerning authorization of the board of directors of a conservancy district to participate in certain projects within the district, and, in connection therewith, authorizing such a board to consider such participation a current expense of the district.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Workers' Compensation For Audible Psychological Trauma. Description: Concerning eligibility for workers' compensation benefits for workers who are exposed to psychologically traumatic events, and, in connection therewith, establishing that a worker's visual or audible exposure to the serious bodily injury or death, or the immediate aftermath of the serious bodily injury or death, of one or more people as the result of a violent event, the intentional act of another person, or an accident is a psychologically traumatic event for the purposes of determining the worker's eligibility for workers' compensation benefits.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Substance Use Disorder Recovery. Description: Concerning measures to assist an individual's recovery from a substance use disorder, and, in connection therewith, making and reducing an appropriation.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Cost Of Living Adjustment For Colorado Works Program. Description: Concerning a one-time basic cash assistance payment to Colorado works program recipients, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Consumer Protections For Utility Customers. Description: Concerning increased consumer protections for customers of investor-owned utilities, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Employee Age To Sell Alcohol Retail Liquor Store. Description: Concerning the age of employees authorized to sell alcohol beverages at establishments licensed to sell alcohol beverages at retail.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Allow Medicaid Buy-in Program After Age 65. Description: Concerning access to the medicaid buy-in program for certain working adults with disabilities who have become ineligible for the program due to age, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Statutory Revision Committee Annual Report. Description: Concerning a change in the date by which the statutory revision committee is required to report annually to the general assembly.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Kiosk Program Provider Vehicle And Identity Services. Description: Concerning the kiosk program that authorizes private providers to offer services on behalf of the department of revenue, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Trusted Interoperability Platform Advisory Committee. Description: Concerning the development of a strategic plan to implement a trusted interoperability platform.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Update Accessibility Signage State-owned Facility. Description: Concerning updated accessibility signage in a state-owned facility.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: National Guard Parks And Wildlife Benefits. Description: Concerning parks passes for active members of the National Guard.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Extend Committee Treatment Persons In Criminal And Juvenile Justice Systems. Description: concerning the treatment of persons with behavioral health disorders in the criminal and juvenile justice systems.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Out-of-network Provider Reimbursement Rate. Description: Concerning a correction to the rate of reimbursement that an out-of-network health care provider is entitled to receive from a health insurance carrier for services provided to a covered person at an in-network facility when the health care provider submits a claim to the carrier within the specified time period to conform with existing law.
In 2020, Colorado engrossed a bill titled: Clarify Double Electrical Inspection Fees If Late. Description: Concerning a clarification that electrical inspection fees may be doubled if an application for an electrical permit is not filed in advance of the commencement of an electrical installation.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Financial Institution Agent Analyses Not Real Estate Appraisal. Description: Concerning an exemption from the definition of a real estate appraisal of analyses prepared by agents of financial institutions for the institutions' internal use only.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Study Strengthening Water Anti-speculation Law. Description: Concerning a study to consider the strengthening of the prohibition on speculative appropriations of water.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Incentivize Development Recycling End Markets. Description: Concerning the expansion of market mechanisms for the further development of recycling, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Surplus Military Vehicles Highway Use If Firefighting. Description: Concerning surplus military vehicles, and, in connection therewith, exempting a surplus military vehicle from the statutory definition of an "off-highway vehicle" if the vehicle is owned or leased by a municipality, county, or fire protection district for the purpose of assisting firefighting efforts and making an appropriation.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Fire Prevention & Control Employee Benefits. Description: Concerning the inclusion of firefighters employed by the department of public safety in the division of fire prevention and control in certain employee benefits, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Yield To Bicycles In Bicycle Lanes. Description: Concerning a requirement to yield to a bicycle in a bicycle lane.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Enactment of CRS 2019. Description: Concerning the enactment of the Colorado Revised Statutes 2019 as the positive and statutory law of the state of Colorado.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Recodify Statutes Concerning Department Of Law. Description: Concerning the recodification of statutory provisions governing the department of law.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Authority Attorney General Challenge Fed-reviewed Mergers And Antitrust. Description: Concerning the repeal of a prohibition on the state attorney general bringing an action under state antitrust law when certain corporate actions have been reviewed by a federal entity.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Interstate Branches For State Credit Unions. Description: Concerning an authorization of state credit unions opening branches in other states.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Disabled Veterans Free State Park Access. Description: Concerning the documentation required for a disabled veteran to receive a free transferable annual parks pass.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Permissible Uses Of State-owned Motor Vehicles. Description: Concerning clarification regarding the use of a state-owned motor vehicle by an employee of a state agency to travel away from home.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Dogs On Restaurant Patios. Description: Concerning the ability of a person to bring a pet dog onto the premises of a restaurant.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Method Of Notifying People Of Amber Alerts. Description: Concerning the method of notifying people of Amber alerts to promote the largest reach of community notifications.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: School Information For Apprenticeship Directory. Description: Concerning including school information in the Colorado state apprenticeship resource directory.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Department Of Military And Veterans Affairs Awards. Description: Concerning awards issued by the department of military and veterans affairs.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Prohibit Courthouse Civil Arrest. Description: Concerning prohibiting civil arrest while on courthouse grounds.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Sex Offender Community Corrections Requirements. Description: Concerning a requirement that a sex offender being placed in a community corrections program meet certain requirements for a sex offender being released on parole.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Alcohol Beverage License And Permit Expiration. Description: Concerning requirements associated with the expiration of legal authority to sell alcohol beverages, and, in connection therewith, authorizing the executive director of the department of revenue to notify alcohol beverage licensees of an expiring license by any reasonable means as determined by rule and to establish a fee for renewal applications for license or permit renewals for alcohol beverages and fermented malt beverages.
In 2020, Colorado engrossed a bill titled: Require Credentials Central Service Technicians. Description: Concerning requiring central service technicians to possess professional credentials.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Evidentiary Rules When Interference With Witness. Description: Concerning evidentiary rules when a defendant interferes with a witness.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Limit Liability For Food Donations To Nonprofits. Description: Concerning donations of food to nonprofit organizations for distribution to needy individuals.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Minimum Pay For State Military Forces. Description: Concerning increasing the minimum pay for state military forces called into service by the governor.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Middle School Students Concurrent Enrollment Information. Description: concerning concurrent enrollment to parents of middle school students.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Remote Notaries Protect Privacy. Description: Concerning an authorization for notaries public to perform notarial acts using audio-video communication, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Repeal The Death Penalty. Description: Concerning the repeal of the death penalty by the general assembly in all circumstances charged on or after July 1, 2020.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Provider Disclose Discipline Convict Sex Offense. Description: Concerning required disclosures to patients regarding formal actions based on sexual misconduct.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Powers Of Bureau Of Animal Protection Agents. Description: Concerning powers of bureau of animal protection agents.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Consent To Shelter And Services By Homeless Youth. Description: Concerning the ability of homeless youth to consent to shelter or shelter services.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Penalties For Liquor Law Violations. Description: Concerning fines levied by a licensing authority for violations of laws related to alcohol beverages.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Colorado Department Of Public Health And Environment Health Facility License Requirements. Description: Concerning the mandatory contents of each license issued to a health facility by the department of public health and environment.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Registration Of Canadian Money Judgments Act. Description: Concerning the "Uniform Registration of Canadian Money Judgments Act".
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Hazardous Materials Transportation Permit Issuance. Description: Concerning the transfer of the function of issuing permits for the transportation of hazardous materials by motor vehicle from the public utilities commission to the department of transportation, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Apprentice Examinations And Professional Licenses. Description: Concerning requirements for registered apprentices.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Compensation And Representation Of Student Athletes. Description: Concerning the rights of college athletes, and, in connection therewith, establishing their right to receive compensation for the use of their names, images, and likenesses and their right to obtain professional and legal representation.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: School Construction Guideline Utility Consultation. Description: Concerning adding to the public school facility construction guidelines a requirement to consult with the local electric utility.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Allow Home Child Care In Homeowners' Association Community. Description: Concerning the operation of a licensed family child care home in a common interest community.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Protection Of Individuals Subject To A Fiduciary. Description: Concerning the protection of individuals subject to a fiduciary.
In 2020, Colorado engrossed a bill titled: Surplus Military Vehicle Farm And Emergency Vehicle. Description: Concerning the use of surplus military vehicles for specialized purposes under the "Uniform Motor Vehicle Law".
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Estimate Of Non-fee Sources Of Cash Fund Revenue. Description: Concerning the repeal of certain language used to determine cash fund revenue that is derived from non-fee sources when calculating the amount of uncommitted reserves in a cash fund at the end of a fiscal year.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Statutory Revision Commitee Omnibus Bill. Description: Concerning an omnibus bill containing recommendations of the statutory revision committee related to the committee's statutory charge.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: County Loans For Public Infrastructure Projects. Description: Concerning authorization for a county to lend money to a governmental entity created by or located within the county for the purpose of providing funding for public infrastructure projects within the county.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Powersports And Motor Vehicle Sales Bond Requirement. Description: Concerning the types of conditions that may authorize a person to recover from the bond required as a condition to be licensed to sell vehicles with motors.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Correct Senate Bill 19-263 Effective Date Error. Description: Concerning correction of the effective date clause of Senate Bill 19-263 for the purpose of ensuring that the bill accomplishes its intended legal effect of eliminating the requirement that the state treasurer execute lease-purchase agreements to fund transportation projects during the 2020-21 and 2021-22 state fiscal years if a referred ballot issue that authorizes the state to issue transportation revenue anticipation notes is approved at the 2020 general election.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Keep Presumption Noninjury Well On Divided Land. Description: Concerning the continued presumption of noninjury to water rights regarding the use of an exempt well for domestic purposes after the land on which the well is located has been divided into multiple parcels.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Professional Training For Educators. Description: Concerning measures related to providing professional training for educators.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Changes Related To Federal Family First Policy. Description: Concerning updating Colorado's statutory provisions related to foster care prevention services in the context of the federal "Family First Prevention Services Act", and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: School Entry Immunization. Description: Concerning the modernization of the school entry immunization process, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Simplifying Requirements For New Birth Certificate. Description: Concerning simplifying the requirements for a minor to obtain a new birth certificate from the state registrar.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Electric Motor Vehicle Manufacturer And Dealer. Description: Concerning increasing consumer access to electric motor vehicles by allowing manufacturers to sell their own electric motor vehicles directly to consumers.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Update Colorado Employment Security Act. Description: Concerning employment security, and, in connection therewith, amending the definition of "immediate family", removing a requirement that a claimant suffering from domestic violence provide written documentation of the domestic violence in order to establish the claimant's eligibility for benefits, and limiting the meaning of certain instances of the term "remuneration" to describe a severance allowance.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Assessment Score On A Student's Transcript. Description: Concerning the prohibition of indicating an assessment score on a student's high school transcript.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Protect Neutral Determinations In Health Insurance. Description: Concerning measures to facilitate enforcement of existing prohibitions against unreasonable conduct by health insurers.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Measures On Incompetent To Proceed. Description: Concerning measures to improve outcomes for defendants who may be found incompetent to proceed.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Definition Of State Agency For SIPA Statewide Internet Portal Authority Services. Description: Concerning a modification of the definition of "state agency" for purposes of the statewide internet portal authority to ensure that the authority is authorized to serve all state government agencies.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: The Colorado Imagination Library Program. Description: Concerning the creation of the Colorado imagination library program.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Colorado Redistricting Commissions. Description: Concerning the independent redistricting commissions in Colorado.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Brew Pub Retail Sales Malt Liquor Sealed Container. Description: Concerning the ability of a licensed brew pub to sell at retail malt liquors that are manufactured at a separate brew pub under the same ownership as the brew pub at which the sale occurs.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Aligning State And Federal Law On Hemp. Description: Concerning aligning state statutes with federal law on hemp, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Implementation Of CO Colorado Secure Savings Program. Description: Concerning the implementation of the Colorado secure savings program to increase the amount of retirement savings by Colorado's private sector workers, and, in connection therewith, making and reducing an appropriation.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Species Conservation Trust Fund Projects. Description: Concerning support for species conservation trust fund projects, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Additional Resources To Protect Air Quality. Description: Concerning the provision of additional resources to protect air quality, and, in connection therewith, increasing fees, creating the air quality enterprise, and making an appropriation.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Sick Leave For Employees. Description: Concerning the requirement that employers offer sick leave to their employees, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Public Assistance Program Recipient Disqualification. Description: Concerning the clarification of disqualifying a recipient from participating in a public assistance program when the recipient is found to have committed an intentional violation of the program.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Unemployment Insurance. Description: Concerning unemployment insurance.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Extending Expiring Tax Check-offs. Description: Concerning the extension of the period of time that voluntary contributions that are set to expire in 2020 will appear on the state individual tax return form.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Act Subject To Petition Clause Bills 2020 Session. Description: Concerning bills enacted in the second regular session of the seventy-second general assembly that include an act subject to petition clause.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Extend UCC Fee For Fraud Investigators Unit. Description: Concerning an extension of the scheduled repeal date for uniform commercial code filing fees to provide funding for the Colorado fraud investigators unit.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Limitations On Extraordinary Collection Actions. Description: Concerning limitations on certain debt collection actions.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Reimbursement For Telehealth Services. Description: Concerning reimbursement for health care services provided through telehealth, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Alcohol Beverage Retail Takeout And Delivery. Description: Concerning the authority of businesses licensed to sell alcohol beverages for consumption on the licensed premises to sell alcohol beverages for consumption off the licensed premises.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Suspend 2020 Legislative Interim Committees. Description: Concerning legislative interim committee activities, and, in connection therewith, suspending legislative interim activities during the 2020 interim, changing the minimum number of meetings that the early childhood and school readiness legislative commission must hold to be the maximum number of meetings annually that the commission may hold, and reducing an appropriation.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Health Insurance Affordability Enterprise. Description: Concerning measures to address the affordability of health insurance for Coloradans purchasing coverage on the individual market, and, in connection therewith, establishing an enterprise to administer a health insurance affordability fee assessed on certain health insurers and a special assessment on hospitals to fund measures to reduce consumer costs for individual health coverage plans.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Enhance Law Enforcement Integrity. Description: Concerning measures to enhance law enforcement integrity, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: CDPHE Colorado Department Of Public Health And Environment Hazardous Substances Response. Description: Concerning measures by the department of public health and environment to protect the public from certain hazardous substances, and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Lease-purchase Issuance For Capital Construction. Description: Concerning the issuance of a lease-purchase agreement to fund the continuations of certain previously funded capital construction projects.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Freeze Member Per Diem Amount. Description: Concerning instituting a temporary freeze in the amount of legislative daily per diem rate allowed to a nonmetro member of the general assembly, and, in connection therewith, reducing an appropriation.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Gay Panic Or Transgender Panic Defense. Description: Concerning banning the use of a panic defense unless a party can show its relevance to the court.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Use CARES Act Money Small Business Grant Program. Description: Concerning a grant program for small businesses affected by economic hardship caused by the COVID-19 pandemic that is financed by money received from the federal government pursuant to the "CARES Act", and, in connection therewith, making an appropriation.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Assessment Rate Moratorium & Conforming Changes. Description: Concerning a moratorium on changing a ratio of valuation for assessment for any class of property for property taxation that is contingent on the repeal of related constitutional provisions.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Landlord Prohibitions Tenant Citizenship Status. Description: Concerning a prohibition on a landlord engaging in certain activities related to a tenant's citizenship status.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: House Officers And Employees. Description: Concerning employees and positions for the House of Representatives convened in the Second Regular Session of the Seventy-second General Assembly.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Speaker Regulations For Members' Remote Participation. Description: Concerning the addition of a House rule authorizing the Speaker of the House of Representatives to promulgate regulations for remote participation in legislative proceedings of the House during a declared public health disaster emergency.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Concerning the appointment of officers and employees for the Senate convened in the Second Regular Session of the Seventy-second General Assembly.. Description: Concerning the appointment of officers and employees for the Senate convened in the Second Regular Session of the Seventy-second General Assembly.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Missing Persons Day. Description: Concerning the designation of February 4 as "Missing Persons Day" in Colorado.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Regulations For Remote Participation And Healthy Work Environment. Description: Concerning the addition of a Senate Rule authorizing the Senate President to promulgate regulations allowing remote participation in Senate legislative proceedings and providing for a safe and healthy work environment during a declared public health disaster emergency.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Bingo Raffles Allow Paid Help And Repeal 5-year Minimum. Description: Submitting to the registered electors of the state of Colorado an amendment to the Colorado constitution concerning the conduct of charitable gaming activities, and, in connection therewith, allowing bingo-raffle licensees to hire managers and operators of games and reducing the required period of a charitable organization's continuous existence before obtaining a charitable gaming license.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Repeal Property Tax Assessment Rates. Description: Submitting to the registered electors of the state of Colorado an amendment to the Colorado constitution to repeal the requirement that the general assembly periodically change the residential assessment rate in order to maintain the statewide proportion of residential property as compared to all other taxable property valued for property tax purposes and repeal the nonresidential property tax assessment rate of twenty-nine percent.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Joint Session for Message From Governor. Description: Concerning a Joint Session of the House of Representatives and the Senate for the purpose of hearing a message from His Excellency, Governor Jared Polis, and appointing a committee to escort the Governor.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Commemorate Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.. Description: Concerning the commemoration of the birthday of the Reverend Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Designate Portion Of Highway 24 For SGM Sergeant Major Sartor. Description: Concerning the designation of United States Highway 24 from the intersection of Garrett Road to the intersection of Elbert Road in Falcon, Colorado, as the "SGM James Gregory Ryan Sartor Memorial Highway".
In 2020, Colorado engrossed a bill titled: Kendrick Castillo Memorial Highway. Description: Concerning the designation of a portion of Colorado State Highway 470 from University Boulevard to Santa Fe Road in Douglas County as the "Kendrick Castillo Memorial Highway".
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Request For Interrogatories Regarding Calendar Day. Description: Concerning a request to the Supreme Court of the State of Colorado to render its opinion upon a question regarding section 7 of article V of the state constitution.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: GA General Assembly Temporary Adjournment For More Than 3 Days. Description: Concerning a temporary adjournment of the Second Regular Session of the Seventy-second General Assembly to a day certain.
In 2020, Colorado engrossed a bill titled: Designate Ray Lines Highway. Description: Concerning the designation of the portion of Colorado State Highway 291 from Salida to U.S. Highway 285 as the "Corporal Ray Lines Memorial Highway".
In 2020, Colorado engrossed a bill titled: Joint Rule Limit Number Interim Committee Bill Requests. Description: Concerning a change to the Joint Rules of the Senate and House of Representatives regarding the number of bills an interim committee may request for drafting.
In 2020, Colorado engrossed a bill titled: Investigate Price Setting Meatpacking Industry. Description: Concerning supporting the call for a federal investigation into possible market manipulation by the meatpacking industry during the COVID-19 pandemic.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Convening Date For 2021 Regular Session. Description: Concerning the convening date for the 2021 First Regular Session of the Seventy-third General Assembly.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Concerning the officers and employees of the second regular session of the seventy-second general assembly.. Description: Concerning the officers and employees of the Second Regular Session of the Seventy-second general assembly.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Support "I Love U Guys" Foundation. Description: Concerning the support of the "I Love U Guys" foundation.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Water Projects Eligibility Lists. Description: Concerning approval of water project revolving fund eligibility lists administered by the Colorado water resources and power development authority.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Parking On Capitol Grounds. Description: Concerning parking on the grounds of the State Capitol.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Support State Of Colorado Comments Federal Hemp Rule. Description: Concerning the general assembly's support of the state of Colorado's written comments submitted on the United States department of agriculture's interim final rule regarding the establishment of a domestic hemp production program.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Recognition Of Military Veterans And MIA POWs. Description: Concerning recognition of Military, Veterans, and MIA/POW Appreciation Day.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Recognizing African-American Veterans. Description: Concerning recognition of African-American veterans.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: U.S.S. Pueblo. Description: Concerning the fifty-second anniversary of the capture of the U.S.S. Pueblo by North Korea.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Honoring Gold Star Families. Description: Concerning honoring gold star families.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Honoring Colorado Vietnam Veterans. Description: Concerning the recognition and remembrance of military veterans in Colorado who served in the Vietnam War.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: 75th Anniversary Of End Of World War II. Description: Concerning honoring Colorado veterans on the seventy-fifth anniversary of the end of World War II.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Honoring The Fallen 2020. Description: Concerning recognition of military personnel from Colorado who have served around the world in the ongoing war against terrorism and honoring those who have died while serving the cause of freedom.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Latino Advocacy Day. Description: Concerning the recognition of Latino Advocacy Day.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Recognition Of Latina And Latino Veterans. Description: Concerning recognition of the contributions of Latina and Latino Veterans.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Maestas Desegregation Case. Description: Concerning the Maestas desegregation case.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Joint Rule Change Equal Access To Legislature. Description: Concerning changes to the Joint Rules of the Senate and House of Representatives regarding equal access to legislative proceedings.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Keep U.S. Space Command in Colorado. Description: Concerning declaring Colorado to be the most fitting permanent location for the United States Space Command, and, in connection therewith, urging the Department of Defense to keep the United States Space Command in Colorado.
In 2020, Colorado engrossed a bill titled: Police Week And Peace Officers' Memorial Day. Description: Concerning declaring the week of May 10-16, 2020, as Police Week, and, in connection therewith, declaring May 15, 2020, as Peace Officers' Memorial Day.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Women's History Month. Description: Concerning the recognition of National Women's History Month, and, in connection therewith, designating March as Colorado Women's History Month and commemorating the 100th anniversary of women's right to vote.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Deputy Gumm Memorial Highway. Description: Concerning the designation of a portion of Colorado Highway 44 as the "Deputy Gumm Memorial Highway".
In 2020, Colorado engrossed a bill titled: Designate Richard "RJ" Lawrence Bridge. Description: Concerning the designation of the Interstate 25 bridge over 17th Avenue as the "Richard "RJ" Lawrence Bridge".
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Adjourn Sine Die. Description: Concerning adjournment sine die.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Memorialize Former Representative Wayne Knox. Description: Memorializing former Representative Wayne Knox.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Memorializing Former Speaker Ruben Valdez. Description: Memorializing former Speaker of the House of Representatives Ruben Valdez.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Memorializing Representative Betty Neale. Description: Memorializing former Representative Betty Neale.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Memorialize Former Representative Leo L. Lucero. Description: Memorializing former Representative Leo L. Lucero.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Recognizing Workers at US Correctional Complex Colorado. Description: Memorializing Congress to recognize correctional workers at the Federal Correctional Complex in Florence, Colorado, and, in connection therewith, to provide fair and uninterrupted compensation for their essential work during federal government shutdowns.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Memorialize Former Senator Kathy Arnold. Description: Memorializing former Senator Kathy Arnold.
In 2020, Colorado passed a bill titled: Memorialize Senator Maynard Yost. Description: Memorializing former Colorado Senator Maynard Yost.
