Below are the bills that have been engrossed, enrolled, or passed in the state of Connecticut:
In 2025, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Appointing Charles Augur Of Middlefield As Assistant Clerk Of The House Of Representatives.. Description: Resolution Appointing Charles Augur Of Middlefield As Assistant Clerk Of The House Of Representatives.
In 2025, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Concerning The House Rules.. Description: Resolution Concerning The House Rules.
In 2025, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Raising A Committee To Canvass The Votes For State Representatives.. Description: Resolution Raising A Committee To Canvass The Votes For State Representatives.
In 2025, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Concerning The Printing Of The Journal.. Description: Resolution Concerning The Printing Of The Journal.
In 2025, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Reverend Erica Thompson Of West Hartford As Chaplain Of The House Of Representatives.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Reverend Erica Thompson Of West Hartford As Chaplain Of The House Of Representatives.
In 2025, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nominations Of Rabbi Donna Berman Of New Hartford, Reverend Ashley "aj" Johnson Of Hartford, Bishop Marichal Monts Of Hartford And Edgar Rodriguez Of Bridgeport As Deputy Chaplains Of The House Of Representatives.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nominations Of Rabbi Donna Berman Of New Hartford, Reverend Ashley "aj" Johnson Of Hartford, Bishop Marichal Monts Of Hartford And Edgar Rodriguez Of Bridgeport As Deputy Chaplains Of The House Of Representatives.
In 2025, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Raising A Committee To Inform The Senate That The House Is Organized And Ready To Meet In Joint Convention.. Description: Resolution Raising A Committee To Inform The Senate That The House Is Organized And Ready To Meet In Joint Convention.
In 2025, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Raising A Committee Of Three Senators To Inform The Lieutenant Governor That The Senate Requests Her Presence In The Senate Chambers.. Description: Resolution Raising A Committee Of Three Senators To Inform The Lieutenant Governor That The Senate Requests Her Presence In The Senate Chambers.
In 2025, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Concerning The Rules Of The Senate.. Description: Resolution Concerning The Rules Of The Senate.
In 2025, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Raising A Committee On Canvass Of Votes For State Senators.. Description: Resolution Raising A Committee On Canvass Of Votes For State Senators.
In 2025, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Concerning The Printing Of The Senate Journal.. Description: Resolution Concerning The Printing Of The Senate Journal.
In 2025, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Concerning Roll Call And Reading Of The Senate Journal.. Description: Resolution Concerning Roll Call And Reading Of The Senate Journal.
In 2025, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nominations Of Reverend Bonita Grubbs Of Branford As Chaplain Of The Senate And Rabbi Philip Lazowski Of West Hartford As Deputy Chaplain Of The Senate.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nominations Of Reverend Bonita Grubbs Of Branford As Chaplain Of The Senate And Rabbi Philip Lazowski Of West Hartford As Deputy Chaplain Of The Senate.
In 2025, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Concerning The Joint Rules Of The Senate And The House Of Representatives.. Description: Resolution Concerning The Joint Rules Of The Senate And The House Of Representatives.
In 2025, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Concerning Publication Of The Legislative Bulletin, Printing Of Bills And Expenses Of The 2025 Session Of The General Assembly.. Description: Resolution Concerning Publication Of The Legislative Bulletin, Printing Of Bills And Expenses Of The 2025 Session Of The General Assembly.
In 2025, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Inviting The Governor To Join The Joint Convention.. Description: Resolution Inviting The Governor To Join The Joint Convention.
In 2025, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Concerning The Printing Of The Governor's Message.. Description: Resolution Concerning The Printing Of The Governor's Message.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Supporting Connecticut Seniors And The Improvement Of Nursing And Home-based Care.. Description: To support Connecticut seniors and the improvement of nursing and home-based care.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Early Childhood Care And Education.. Description: To establish (1) the Early Childhood Care and Education Fund and advisory commission and specify funding for said fund, (2) a Tri-Share Child Care Matching Program in New London County, and (3) for the fiscal year ending June 30, 2025, a wage supplement and child care program enhancement grant program.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Child And Family Nutrition.. Description: To ensure that children and families have increased access to all available nutrition programs in the state.
In 2024, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Implementation Of Certain Climate Change Measures.. Description: To implement certain measures relating to climate change including advancing and implementing the state's goals for the reduction of greenhouse gas emissions, the phasing out of the use of natural gas, investment in renewable energy and green economy startup businesses, incentivizing sustainable purchasing by local governments and the enhancement of nature-based solutions to mitigate climate change.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Expanding Paid Sick Days In The State.. Description: To require the Labor Commissioner to study the state's paid sick day statutes.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Promoting Nursing Home Resident Quality Of Life.. Description: To implement the Governor's budget recommendations.
In 2024, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Strengthening Police Data Reporting Requirements.. Description: To implement the Governor's budget recommendations.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Adopting The Nurse Licensure Compact.. Description: To implement the Governor's budget recommendations.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Requiring Disclosure Of Scholarship Displacement Policies At Institutions Of Higher Education.. Description: To require each institution of higher education to disclose its scholarship displacement policies.
In 2024, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Substance-free Housing On College Campuses.. Description: To require institutions of higher education to provide options for substance-free housing on campus.
In 2024, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Consumer Credit, Certain Bank Real Estate Improvements, The Connecticut Uniform Securities Act, Shared Appreciation Agreements, Innovation Banks, The Community Bank And Community Credit Union Program And Technical Revisions To The Banking Statutes.. Description: To require the Department of Banking to study and submit a report concerning banking issues in the state.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Disclosures Of Financial Records.. Description: To: (1) Require financial institutions to provide certain financial records to the Commissioner of Social Services or any person deputized by said commissioner within twenty calendar days; and (2) provide that certain actions taken concerning such financial records shall not constitute a class C misdemeanor.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Cafe And Package Store Permittees.. Description: To allow (1) beer manufacturer permittees to sell and deliver kegs of beer at locations in this state that are within a five-mile radius of their permit premises, (2) package store permittees to provide fee-based spirits tastings, and (3) Connecticut craft cafe permittees to sell additional alcoholic beverages manufactured in this state.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Cannabis And Hemp Regulation.. Description: To: (1) Redefine "high-THC hemp product" and "disproportionately impacted area"; (2) enable certain social equity applicants to engage in additional cultivation activities and apply for additional licenses; (3) modify certain common ownership requirements concerning equity joint ventures; (4) enable product packagers to expand their authorized activities; (5) limit the licensing period for certain provisional cultivator licenses; (6) modify requirements concerning the location of cultivation facilities; (7) authorize micro-cultivators to sell cannabis seedlings; (8) authorize hybrid retailers to provide access to pharmacists through telehealth; (9) establish additional requirements concerning dispensary facility and hybrid retailer relocations; (10) alter certain requirements applicable to packaging containing (A) multiple servings of cannabis, or (B) manufacturer hemp products; (11) provide that no cannabis establishment shall engage in certain advertising; and (12) make various minor, technical and conforming changes to statutes concerning cannabis and hemp regulation.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Eligibility For Workforce Housing Development Projects.. Description: To modify the percentage of workforce housing opportunity development project units that shall be rented at market rate and to eligible workforce populations.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Legislative Commissioners' Recommendations For Technical Revisions To The Housing Statutes.. Description: To make technical revisions to the housing statutes.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Repealing Provisions Concerning The State-assisted Housing Sustainability Fund.. Description: To repeal certain provisions pertaining to the State-Assisted Housing Sustainability Fund.
In 2024, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Property Tax Abatement For Certain First-time Homebuyers.. Description: To authorize municipalities to abate up to five hundred dollars per assessment year of property taxes for certain first-time homebuyers who obtain a loan from the Connecticut Housing Finance Authority.
In 2024, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Solar Installations In Certain Common Interest Ownership Communities.. Description: To permit the installation of certain solar power generating systems that serve single-family detached units in common interest ownership communities.
In 2024, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Requirement To Install Swimming Pool Barriers.. Description: To prohibit the issuance of a building permit for the construction or substantial alteration of a swimming pool unless certain barriers are included in the construction plan.
In 2024, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Training For Members And Employees Of Inland Wetlands Agencies.. Description: To require the Department of Energy and Environmental Protection to develop an online training program for members and staff of inland wetlands agencies and specify that extensions of time for certain decisions of municipal commissions, boards and agencies may be requested by petitioners and applicants or such commissions, boards and agencies.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Waiver Of Interest On Certain Delinquent Property Tax Payments.. Description: To require municipal tax collectors to waive interest on delinquent property tax payments if such delinquency is attributable to an error made by the tax assessor or tax collector, and not the result of any action or failure on the part of the taxpayer.
In 2024, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Assessment Of Motor Vehicles For Property Taxation.. Description: To specify the manner in which motor vehicles used for commercial purposes and motor vehicles not used for commercial purposes shall be assessed for property taxation purposes.
In 2024, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Purple Property Borders As Warning To Trespassers.. Description: To provide that purple painted property borders serve as a warning to trespassers.
In 2024, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Establishing A Task Force To Study The Provision Of Emergency Treatment And Transportation To An Animal That Is Injured In The Performance Of Its Duties Under The Supervision Of A Peace Officer.. Description: To establish a task force to study the provision of emergency treatment and transportation to an animal that is injured in the performance of its duties under the supervision of a peace officer.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Legislative Commissioners' Recommendations For Technical Revisions To The Education And Early Childhood Statutes.. Description: To make technical revisions to the education and early childhood statutes.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning A Small Harbor Improvement Projects Account.. Description: To require the Commissioner of Economic and Community Development to study the state's "blue economy" and ways to promote and grow economic activity on the state's coastline and waterways.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Historic Homes Rehabilitation Tax Credit.. Description: To allow the historic homes rehabilitation tax credit to be applied against additional taxes.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Expanding The Podiatric Scope Of Practice.. Description: To expand the podiatric scope of practice to include surgical treatment of complications within the tibial diaphysis related to the use of external fixation pins, the performance of total ankle replacements and the treatment of tibial pilon fractures.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Social Workers.. Description: To adopt the social work licensure compact.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Telehealth.. Description: To extend telehealth provisions adopted during the COVID-19 pandemic until June 30, 2027.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Establishing A Task Force To Study The Shortage Of Athletic Trainers In The State.. Description: To establish a task force to study the shortage of athletic trainers in the state.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Health Care Accessibility For Persons With A Disability.. Description: To expand access to medical diagnostic equipment and examination rooms for persons with a disability.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Virtual Currency And Money Transmission.. Description: To: (1) Redefine "permissible investment" and define "receipt" in the money transmission statutes; (2) deem certain persons to be engaged in the business of money transmission and require such persons to be licensed; (3) require money transmission licensees to maintain a plan and accounting regarding winding down operations and to meet certain conditions in order to terminate such licensees' businesses; (4) establish a maximum fee that owners or operators of virtual currency kiosks may charge for a specific service and eliminate a certain requirement for customers to cancel and receive a refund for certain virtual currency transactions; (5) require money transmission licensees, or such licensees' authorized delegates, to provide receipts to senders; and (6) specify that the Banking Commissioner may adopt, amend and rescind regulations, forms and orders governing the business use of nonfungible tokens.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Standards For The Spraying Of Herbicides Along Railroad Right-of-ways.. Description: To require railroad company vegetation management plans to be consistent with the requirements for such plans in the state of Massachusetts.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Establishing A No-wake Zone On The Pawcatuck River And Authorizing The Purchase Of Certain Riparian Buffers.. Description: To establish a no-wake-zone on the Pawcatuck River.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Minor Revisions To Agriculture Related Statutes And To Open Space Acquisition Related Statutes.. Description: To make minor, technical and conforming changes to certain agriculture-related statutes.
In 2024, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Shark Finning.. Description: To prohibit the unauthorized practice of shark finning.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Recommendations Of The Invasive Plants Council.. Description: To implement the recent recommendations of the Invasive Plants Council by prohibiting the sale and cultivation of certain plants determined to be invasive or potentially invasive.
In 2024, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Establishing An Extended Producer Responsibility Program For Consumer Batteries.. Description: To establish an extended producer responsibility program for certain consumer batteries.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Release Of Certain Liens Of The Department Of Energy And Environmental Protection.. Description: To require the Department of Energy and Environmental Protection to release liens within a certain period of time when such lien has been satisfied.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Recommendations Of The Eelgrass Working Group.. Description: To implement certain of the recommendations of the eelgrass working group that are intended to assist in the preservation and restoration of eelgrass in the state.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Solar Projects Throughout The State.. Description: To (1) establish a uniform capacity tax on solar panels, (2) extend community benefit agreement requirements to more renewable energy projects, (3) study community solar, (4) require expedited permitting for solar canopies, (5) require the Department of Energy and Environmental Protection to study solar canopies and develop a strategic plan, (6) revise programs of the Connecticut Green Bank, and (7) study how to promote municipal solar projects.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Department Of Consumer Protection's Recommendations Regarding Cannabis Regulation.. Description: To: (1) Redefine "marijuana", "manufactured cannabinoid" and "synthetic cannabinoid" for the purposes of various statutes concerning cannabis regulation; (2) require the Commissioner of Consumer Protection to designate any synthetic cannabinoid as a schedule I controlled substance; (3) provide that (A) cannabis shall not contain any synthetic cannabinoid, and (B) no cannabis establishment may sell any synthetic cannabinoid; (4) modify certain provisions that prohibit members of the Social Equity Council and certain employees of the council or the Department of Consumer Protection from holding certain interests in, or receiving certain moneys from, certain cannabis establishments or cannabis transactions; (5) specify that hemp that is lawfully produced under federal law may be transported or shipped through this state; and (6) make minor, technical and conforming changes to various statutes concerning cannabis regulation.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Recommendations By The Department Of Consumer Protection.. Description: To: (1) Implement the Department of Consumer Protection's recommendations concerning (A) landscape architects, (B) home improvement contractors and salespersons, (C) the Home Improvement Guaranty Fund, (D) appraisal management companies, (E) mobile manufactured home parks, (F) applications for licenses, permits, certificates and registrations and payments for outstanding fees, (G) sales of consumer commodities, (H) the Uniform Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act, (I) health clubs, contracts for health club services and the Connecticut Health Club Guaranty Fund, (J) well water, (K) unfair trade practices, (L) refund and exchange policies and practices, and (M) public weighmasters; (2) repeal various provisions concerning manufacturing, mixing, compounding, selling and offering for sale flour, white bread, rolls, corn meal, corn grits, macaroni and rice; and (3) make minor, technical and conforming changes to various statutes concerning (A) consumer protection, and (B) professional licensing, certification, permitting and registration.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Requiring Student Surveys During Evaluation Of A Private Career School To Renew A Certificate Of Authorization.. Description: To require student surveys as part of the evaluation of private career schools during the process for renewal of a certificate of authorization.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Establishing The Path Program And Amending The Connecticut Collegiate Awareness And Preparation Program.. Description: To (1) make nonprofit organizations that provide collegiate awareness and preparation programs eligible for grants, (2) establish an earlier application deadline and a one-year award period, and (3) increase funding for the Connecticut collegiate awareness and preparation program.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Establishing The Connecticut-ireland Trade Commission.. Description: To establish the Connecticut-Ireland Trade Commission.
In 2024, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Liability For Injuries Inherent In Camping While At A Private Campground.. Description: To statutorily prescribe that each camper shall assume the risk for any injury to their person arising out of the hazards inherent in camping while at a private campground.
In 2024, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Liability For Damage To Person Or Property Caused By A Dog.. Description: To provide that the owner or keeper of a dog shall be jointly and severally liable for any dog causing damage to the person or property of another person.
In 2024, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Requiring The Domestic Violence Criminal Justice Response And Enhancement Advisory Council To Study State Court Processes Upon Receipt Of A Military Protection Order.. Description: To require state courts to extend full faith and credit to military protection orders.
In 2024, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Consumption Of Energy Drinks By Children.. Description: To prohibit the sale of energy drinks to individuals under sixteen years of age.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Child Sexual Abuse.. Description: To include a sexual abuse and assault awareness and prevention survey as part of the state-wide sexual abuse and assault awareness and prevention program implemented by school districts.
In 2024, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Amending The Time To Protest Benefit Charges On An Employer's Unemployment Insurance Quarterly Statement.. Description: To amend section 31-225a of the general statutes to shorten the time an employer can protest any unemployment benefits they contend have been improperly charged to their employer unemployment insurance quarterly statements due to fraud or error from sixty days to forty days.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Making Changes To And Repealing Obsolete Provisions Of Statutes Relevant To The Labor Department.. Description: To implement the recommendations of the Labor Department by (1) making changes to statutes relevant to the Labor Department, and (2) repealing obsolete provisions and statutes relevant to the Labor Department.
In 2024, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Increasing The Unemployment Compensation Threshold For Agricultural Employers.. Description: To amend the definition of employment in section 31-222 of the general statutes to increase the compensation threshold that determines whether an agricultural employer and its employees are subject to the unemployment statutes.
In 2024, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Enforcement Of Requirements Imposed By Certain Municipal Approvals And The New Home Construction Guaranty Fund.. Description: To (1) modify the dates upon which the approval of certain land use applications will expire, (2) increase the maximum payments from the New Home Construction Guaranty Fund from thirty thousand dollars to fifty thousand dollars, (3) allow the Commissioner of Consumer Protection to seek restitution from individual owners of new home construction contractors against whom judgments have been issued, and (4) to appropriate funds for the administration of the fund.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Recommendations Of The Intergovernmental Policy And Planning Division Within The Office Of Policy And Management, Audits And Municipal Finance.. Description: To implement the recommendations of the Intergovernmental Policy and Planning Division within the Office of Policy and Management concerning assessment, tax collection, revaluation, discretionary funding, the regional performance incentive program, the renters' rebate program and the elimination of obsolete sections.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Revising The Charter Of The Secret Lake Association.. Description: To revise provisions of the charter of the Secret Lake Association concerning annual and special meetings, the assessment and collection of taxes, and the approval of certain contracts.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Amending The Charter Of The South Central Connecticut Water Authority.. Description: To amend the charter of the South Central Connecticut Water Authority to (1) allow the authority to conduct noncore business outside the state, (2) increase the compensation to members, (3) increase the membership from five to seven, (4) adjust meeting and quorum requirements, (5) allow for the reduction of late charges to users, (6) increase the ability of the authority to conduct certain repairs without a vote of the members, (7) require the public posting of annual financial statements, and (8) alter the terms concerning the issue or acquisition of certain bonds of the authority.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Authority To Declare That A Firefighter, Police Officer Or Emergency Medical Service Personnel Died In The Line Of Duty.. Description: To expand the presumption of workers' compensation coverage for the death or disability of a police officer or firefighter to include deaths or disabilities resulting from a cerebrovascular incident or pulmonary embolism and expand the period of time when such an officer or firefighter is considered in the line of duty to include twenty-four hours after attending training or engaging in duties.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The National Integrated Ballistic Information Network.. Description: To require participation in the National Integrated Ballistic Information Network, in place of operating the firearms evidence database, and revise various provisions related to ballistic evidence.
In 2024, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Classification Of Parole Officers As Peace Officers.. Description: To classify parole officers as peace officers.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Veterans' Specialty License Plates And Driver's Licenses For Certain Former Armed Forces Reservists.. Description: To grant eligibility for veterans' specialty license plates and driver's licenses from the Department of Motor Vehicles to former members of the National Guard who do not qualify for federal veterans' benefits.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Aligning State Law With Federal Law Concerning Service Animals.. Description: To (1) align state law with federal law concerning service animals, and (2) within available appropriations, make available through the Commission on Human Rights and Opportunities educational materials concerning service animals, emotional support animals and therapy animals.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Various Revisions To The Public Health Statutes.. Description: To implement the Department of Public Health's recommendations regarding various revisions to the public health statutes.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Department Of Public Health's Recommendations Regarding Improved Opioid Monitoring.. Description: To require each hospital that treats a patient for a nonfatal overdose of an opioid drug to administer a toxicology screening of such patient if medically appropriate.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Absentee Voting For Certain Patients Of Nursing Homes.. Description: To allow an absentee ballot applicant, who is a patient in a nursing home within six days immediately preceding the close of the polls at an election, primary or referendum, to designate someone to deliver an absentee ballot to such applicant.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Department Of Developmental Services' Recommendations Regarding Various Revisions To Developmental Services Statutes.. Description: To (1) establish an Oral Health and Dental Services Unit within the Department of Developmental Services and permit provisionally licensed dentists to provide services with such unit, (2) require the Commissioner of Housing to administer the existing program that provides grants-in-aid for supportive housing for persons with an intellectual disability or other developmental disability and allow said commissioner to provide deferred loans under such program, (3) allow the department to hire more general workers employed by the department as self-advocates, (4) make revisions regarding transfers of individuals within residential facilities, (5) establish human rights and program review committees in each of the department's service regions and the Southbury Training School, (6) allow the Office of Labor Relations to access the department's abuse and neglect registry, and (7) establish an Office of the Developmental Services Ombudsperson and make various revisions to notification requirements of intermediate care facilities for persons with intellectual disability.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Department Of Economic And Community Development's Recommendations For Revisions To The Jobsct Program And The Commerce And Related Statutes.. Description: To implement the Department of Economic and Community Development's recommendations for revisions to (1) the JobsCT program, (2) the program overseen by the Community Investment Fund 2030, and (3) the approval process for economic development projects to be paid for with urban action bond funds.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Invest Ct Fund Program.. Description: To authorize the Commissioner of Economic and Community Development to consider certain businesses that do not have their principal business operations in Connecticut to be eligible businesses under the invest CT fund program.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Designating The State Dog And State Candy And Creating A Working Group Concerning Redesignating The State Insect.. Description: To designate the state dog and state candy.
In 2024, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Requiring A Study Concerning The Funding For The Community Gun Violence Intervention And Prevention Program And A Report Concerning The Effectiveness Of The Program.. Description: To require a study concerning the funding for and effectiveness of the community gun violence intervention and prevention program.
In 2024, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Requiring The Licensure Of Lactation Consultants.. Description: To require licensure of lactation consultants.
In 2024, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Hospital Financial Assistance.. Description: To improve hospital financial policies.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Implementing The Recommendations Of The Department Of Transportation And Concerning Capital Projects, Notice Of Proposed Fair And Service Changes, The Connecticut Airport Authority, Automated Traffic Safety Enforcement, Road Safety Audits, Parking Authorities, A Shore Line East Report And The Submission Of Reports And Test Results Regarding Impaired Driving.. Description: To implement the recommendations of the Department of Transportation concerning certain environmental hearings, the Office of the State Traffic Administration, bicycle traffic, traffic authorities, variable speed limits, public transportation, motorcycle helmets and reckless driving.
In 2024, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Establishing The Interagency Council On Homelessness.. Description: To establish the interagency council on homelessness.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Kirklyn M. Kerr Program.. Description: To require the president of The University of Connecticut to enter into an agreement for the admission of state residents to out-of-state veterinary schools and to fund the Kirklyn M. Kerr grant program.
In 2024, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning A Study On The Feasibility Of Establishing A Prepaid College Tuition Program.. Description: To establish a Connecticut prepaid college tuition program, procedures related to such program and a related account.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Enforcement Of Boating Laws On Bodies Of Water Near The Rhode Island, Massachusetts And New York Borders.. Description: To authorize enforcement of boating laws on interior bodies of fresh water that touch the state's borders with Rhode Island, Massachusetts or New York.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Minor Revisions To The Tire Stewardship Program.. Description: To provide a tire stewardship organization with more time to begin the tire stewardship program after the plan is approved, to reduce allowable administrative fees for the tire stewardship program and to allow a surplus for the tire stewardship program to avoid cash flow problems.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Gas Cylinder Stewardship Program.. Description: To provide a gas cylinder stewardship organization with the right to institute a civil suit against noncompliant producers when certain costs are incurred by the organization.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Water Resources Of The Upper Farmington River Valley.. Description: To examine issues related to the protection of certain waters of the Upper Farmington River Valley.
In 2024, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Siting Of Renewable Energy Sources In The State.. Description: To (1) revise the Connecticut Siting Council approval process for certain renewable energy projects, and (2) require the council to follow conditions imposed by a municipality for certain projects near an existing facility with a capacity greater than one hundred megawatts.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Planning Commission For Higher Education.. Description: To (1) establish deadlines for appointment of commission members and for convening the first meeting, and (2) extend the deadlines by which the commission submits the preliminary report and updated strategic master plan.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Technical Revisions To Statutes Concerning Human Services.. Description: To make technical revisions to statutes concerning human services.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Medicaid Coverage Of Rapid Whole Genome Sequencing For Critically Ill Infants And Studies Concerning The Elimination Or Reduction Of The Katie Beckett Waiver Program Waiting List And Medicaid Coverage Of Diapers.. Description: To provide Medicaid coverage for rapid whole genome sequencing of critically ill infants.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning A Benefits Cliff Study.. Description: To establish a pilot program to prevent immediate loss of benefits in certain public assistance programs for persons who exceed income thresholds due to employment.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Various Revisions To Human Services Statutes.. Description: To repeal obsolete statutory provisions, make technical statutory changes and replace an arbitration process with the right to appeal to a Superior Court.
In 2024, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Duties Of The State Marshals And The Operation Of The State Marshal Commission And The State Marshals Advisory Board.. Description: To promote efficiencies in the duties undertaken by state marshals, the State Marshal Commission and the State Marshal Advisory Board.
In 2024, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Composition Of The Judicial Selection Commission And Decisions Rendered By Said Commission.. Description: To revise statutory provisions concerning: (1) The composition of the Judicial Selection Commission, and (2) certain internal operational procedures concerning decisions issued by said commission.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Use Of Police Body-worn Recording Equipment.. Description: To clarify under which circumstances an officer shall not pause body-worn recording equipment.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Recommendations Of The Office Of The Child Advocate.. Description: To require the Child Advocate to review the statutes, policies and procedures of the Department of Children and Families.
In 2024, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Transit-oriented Communities.. Description: To (1) provide financial incentives for municipalities that adopt certain transit-oriented development policies and to coordinate related state funds through the Office of Responsible Growth, (2) establish the interagency council on housing development, (3) direct the State Responsible Growth Coordinator to establish a fund for the expansion of water and sewerage infrastructure, (4) to allow the coordinator to provide additional funding for certain infrastructure projects, and (5) to include transit-oriented districts in the definition of housing growth zones.
In 2024, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Authority Of The Attorney General To Initiate Legal Actions In Response To Alleged Discriminatory Housing Practices.. Description: To permit the Attorney General to bring legal actions in response to alleged discriminatory housing practices.
In 2024, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Requiring A Study Of Communication Systems Used By Public Safety Personnel And Privacy Concerns.. Description: To require a study of the use of communication systems by public safety personnel and the sharing of private information.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Criminal Justice Response To Victims Of Sexual Assault.. Description: To (1) establish a council to develop a model policy related to the criminal justice response to sexual assault and require distribution of such policy to law enforcement units, (2) establish responsibilities of a peace officer at the scene of a sexual assault incident, and (3) require development and distribution of information about services for victims of sexual assault.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Military Training And Experience And The Driver's License Endorsement To Operate Fire Apparatus.. Description: To provide that, for any veteran or member of the armed forces who has military fire department training and experience related to operation of fire apparatus, the requirements for a "Q" driver's license endorsement shall be waived on submission of certain evidence that such veteran or member possesses the skills necessary for operation of fire apparatus.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Defining "dependent Child" For Purposes Of The State Code Of Ethics For Public Officials And Concerning The Exercise Of Jurisdiction Over Nonresidents By The Office Of State Ethics.. Description: To define "dependent child" for purposes of the State Code of Ethics for public officials and clarify the ability of the Office of State Ethics to exercise personal jurisdiction over nonresidents.
In 2024, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Purchase Of Print And Digital Advertising By The State.. Description: To require executive branch state agencies to purchase a certain percentage of procured print or digital advertising from in-state commercial or nonprofit news publishers.
In 2024, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Designating Various Days, Weeks And Months.. Description: To designate various days and weeks and revise existing designations.
In 2024, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Exempting Information Concerning Certain Vulnerable Individuals From Disclosure Under The Freedom Of Information Act.. Description: To exempt from disclosure under the Freedom of Information Act (1) records of an investigation or complaint of alleged sexual harassment or an alleged discriminatory practice or the name of a person providing information concerning such allegations, and (2) records contained within the registry of residents with cognitive challenges created by law enforcement for purposes of assisting in the recovery of missing or wandering persons.
In 2024, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Requests For Health Records And The Fees Charged For Access To Such Records.. Description: To establish time and cost parameters relating to requests for health records.
In 2024, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Identification And Citizenship Status Information Requested In Obtaining A Marriage License.. Description: To reconcile the statute and regulation concerning the request of a Social Security number for identification for purposes of issuing a marriage license and prohibiting enquiries about citizenship status as part of such process.
In 2024, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Illegal Use Of Certain Vehicles And Street Takeovers.. Description: To (1) revise provisions regarding forfeiture of certain illegally used vehicles, (2) authorize municipalities to adopt an ordinance related to street takeovers, (3) establish penalties for driving while a person's license is suspended or revoked due to a violation related to a street takeover, and (4) establish a grant program to provide funds to municipalities to enforce laws related to street takeovers and the illegal use of certain vehicles.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Eligibility For Participation In A Pretrial Family Violence Education Program.. Description: To permit eligibility for participation in a pretrial family violence education program for persons charged with certain violations concerning risk of injury to, or impairing the morals of, a child, when good cause is shown for permitting such participation.
In 2024, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Hate And Bias Crimes.. Description: To mandate for any person convicted of a hate or bias crime, participation in an anti-bias or diversity awareness program or in a program of community service designed to remedy damage caused by the commission of a bias crime or otherwise related to the defendant's violation, adjust the membership of the State-Wide Hate Crimes Advisory Council and require the council to examine and recommend legislative changes to the intent elements of hate crime statutes.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Energy Assistance Studies And Fuel Vendor Reimbursement.. Description: To study and implement changes necessary to ensure a fair compensation system for deliverable fuel vendors in the Low-Income Home Energy Assistance Program without negatively affecting program participants, to study the benefits and costs of bulk fuel purchases for the program and to establish a common benefits and application portal.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Requiring The Department Of Children And Families To Report On Program Utilization.. Description: To require the Department of Children and Families to report on program utilization.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Commissary Implementation Plan For Youth In Department Of Correction Facilities.. Description: To require a report on the implementation of the commissary plan for youth in Department of Correction facilities.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning A Study Of Migraine Treatment For Women And Veterans.. Description: To require The University of Connecticut Health Center to study migraine treatment for women and veterans.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Establishing A Working Group To Develop An Economic Development And Tourism Plan For The Greater Mystic Area Of The Towns Of Groton, New London And Stonington.. Description: To establish a working group to develop a plan for expanding the tourism industry in the Mystic Seaport area of the towns of Stonington and Groton.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Community Economic Development Fund.. Description: To authorize the Community and Economic Development Fund to conduct business outside the state.
In 2024, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning A Study Of State Revenue Collections.. Description: To require the Commissioner of Revenue Services to study the Department of Revenue Services' collections processes.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Educator Certification, Teachers, Paraeducators And Mandated Reporter Requirements.. Description: To revise and update the laws governing teacher certification.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Education Mandate Relief, School Discipline And Disconnected Youth.. Description: To (1) create an advisory council that provides analysis and recommendations concerning the imposition of new mandates regarding educator professional development and in-service training; (2) establish a state-wide educator professional development and in-service training records database; (3) repeal duplicative training mandates included in the in-service training requirements for educators; (4) add a twenty-mile radius limitation to the mandate that school districts send organic food waste to an authorized source-separated organic material composting facility; (5) allow local boards of education to directly deposit any unexpended education funds into the unexpended education funds account at the end of the fiscal year; (6) expand the reserve fund for regional school districts to include all educational expenditures; and (7) delay implementation of the FAFSA completion requirement.
In 2024, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Exempting The Residential Addresses Of Employees Of The Office Of The Attorney General From Disclosure Under The Freedom Of Information Act.. Description: To exempt the residential addresses of employees of the Office of the Attorney General from disclosure under the Freedom of Information Act.
In 2024, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Various Campaign Finance Reforms.. Description: To (1) require express written authorization from committee treasurers for campaign expenditures, (2) provide alternate disclaimer requirements for text or media message political advertising, (3) allow legislative caucus and leadership committees to transfer money between themselves with approval of their respective treasurers, and (4) require the State Elections Enforcement Commission to adjust Citizens' Election Program contribution limit and qualifying threshold amounts by January first of the relevant years.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Efficiency Of The Department Of Social Services In Determining Eligibility For Medical Assistance And Responding To Requests For Information Or Assistance.. Description: To require the Commissioner of Social Services to study and make recommendations concerning the efficiency of the Department of Social Services in making eligibility determinations for medical assistance and responding to requests for information or assistance.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Nursing Home Waiting Lists.. Description: To implement working group recommendations regarding waiting list requirements for nursing homes.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Homelessness.. Description: To maximize efforts to aid homeless persons.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Period Of Time During Which Elections-related Crimes May Be Prosecuted.. Description: To permit the prosecution of an elections-related crime during the period of time prescribed by the statute of limitations, or the period of time ending six months after the date of referral by the State Elections Enforcement Commission of a complaint, statement or evidence concerning such crime, whichever period of time ends later.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Firearms Background Checks.. Description: To ensure employees and authorized agents of municipal, state or federal agencies involved in evaluating the proposed transfer of a firearm to a person under age twenty-one in this state or any other state have access to records of cases of juvenile matters involving delinquency proceedings.
In 2024, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Local Government.. Description: To clarify certain responsibilities of the civil service board.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Municipal Approvals For Housing Development, Fines For Violations Of Local Ordinances, Regulation Of Short-term Rentals, Rental Assistance Program Administration, Notices Of Rent Increases And The Housing Environmental Improvement Revolving Loan And Grant Fund.. Description: To require municipalities to submit annual reports to the State Responsible Growth Coordinator concerning residential building permit applications submitted, approved and denied by such municipality.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Establishing And Transferring Various Functions To A Division Of Fire Services Administration Within The Department Of Emergency Services And Public Protection, Revising The Powers And Composition Of The Commission On Fire Prevention And Control And Establishing A Working Group.. Description: To (1) establish a Division of Fire Services Administration within the Department of Emergency Services and Public Protection, (2) transfer the functions of the Office of the State Fire Administrator, the Office of the State Fire Marshal and the Office of Education and Data Administration within the Department of Administrative Services to the division, and (3) revise the powers and duties of the Commission on Fire Prevention and Control, and revise the membership of the commission.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Operation And Administration Of The Office Of The Claims Commissioner.. Description: To make various revisions relating to the processing of claims filed with the Office of the Claims Commissioner, including (1) changing the term "temporary deputy" to "special deputy", (2) clarifying the permissible timeframe for said office to retain jurisdiction over a claim, and (3) reestablish a monetary threshold for those claims which may be subject to review by the General Assembly.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Establishing A Property Tax Exemption For Veterans Who Have A Service-connected Permanent And Total Disability Rating.. Description: To establish a property tax exemption for veterans who have a service-connected permanent and total disability rating as determined by the United States Department of Veterans Affairs.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Election Security And Transparency, The Counting Of Absentee Ballots, Absentee Voting For Certain Patients Of Nursing Homes, Security Of Certain Election Workers, State Elections Enforcement Commission Complaints, Ballots Made Available In Languages Other Than English And Various Other Revisions Related To Election Administration.. Description: To (1) provide for video recording of absentee ballot drop boxes and retention of such recordings, (2) require town clerks to record the method of receipt for absentee ballots, (3) limit who may apply for additional absentee voting sets, (4) amend an election crime statute regarding suppression or destruction of votes to specify applicability to various methods of casting such votes, (5) require confidentiality of certain election data provided by other states, (6) limit the authorized use of absentee ballot applications to specified periods of time, (7) require town clerks to track absentee ballots in the state-wide centralized voter registration system, (8) prohibit the commercial use of certain voter registration information, (9) prohibit certain candidates from being present in early voting, same-day election registration and absentee ballot central counting locations, (10) bring into compliance with federal case law certain state statutes relating to the circulation of nominating and primary petitions, (11) delete a grounds for removal of an elector from permanent absentee ballot status, (12) modify the timeline for the conduct of a post-election audit, (13) require town clerks to, when a vacancy in candidacy is unfilled, obscure the name of the vacated candidate on the ballot, (14) prohibit the use of "independent" or any similar word in any party designation recorded with the Secretary of the State, (15) require that certain election-related filings be made in the superior court for the judicial district of Hartford, and (16) provide a deadline for mandatory referral of a complaint from the State Elections Enforcement Commission to the Chief State's Attorney.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Revisions To Various Laws Concerning Ignition Interlock Devices, The Department Of Correction, Judicial Retirement Salaries And Criminal Law And Criminal Procedure.. Description: To revise provisions concerning (1) juror compensation, (2) risk protection orders or warrants, (3) a supervised diversionary program for persons with intellectual disabilities or autism spectrum disorder, (4) the use of ignition interlock devices, (5) the jurisdiction for offenses committed by means of transmitted communications, (6) compensation for persons who are incarcerated, (7) bail payments, (8) competency to stand trial, and (9) credit for time served under house arrest.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Insurance Market Conduct And Insurance Licensing, The Insurance Department's Technical Corrections And Other Revisions To The Insurance Statutes And Captive Insurance.. Description: To require the Commissioner of Economic and Community Development to study workforce shortages, workforce development and training availability.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Certain Proceedings Relating To Electric Transmission Lines And The Membership And Processes Of The Connecticut Siting Council.. Description: To amend a statutory provision relating to the rights of parties and intervenors in proceedings before the Siting Council relating to the construction of electric transmission lines.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Recommendations From The Juvenile Justice Policy And Oversight Committee.. Description: To enact the recommendations of the Juvenile Justice Policy and Oversight Committee.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Opioid Settlement Advisory Committee.. Description: To expand the membership of the Opioid Settlement Advisory Committee and make the Legislative Commissioners' Office recommended technical revisions.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Repealing The Prior Conveyance Of And Reconveying A Parcel Of State Land In The Town Of Wilton.. Description: To repeal a prior conveyance of a parcel of state land to the town of Wilton and sell the property at fair market value to the current tenant.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Conveyance Of A Parcel Of State Land In The Town Of Canton.. Description: To convey a parcel of state land in the town of Canton to the town of Canton for economic development purposes.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning A Conveyance Of A Parcel Of State Land In The Town Of Cheshire.. Description: To convey a parcel of state land in the town of Cheshire to the town of Cheshire for economic development purposes.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Leasing A Parcel Of State Land In The Town Of Woodstock.. Description: To convey a parcel of state land in the town of Woodstock to the YMCA of Metropolitan Hartford, Inc. for seasonal recreation and other purposes related to Camp Woodstock.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Allocations Of Federal American Rescue Plan Act Funds And Provisions Related To General Government, Human Services, Education And The Biennium Ending June 30, 2025.. Description: An Act Concerning Allocations Of Federal American Rescue Plan Act Funds And Provisions Related To General Government, Human Services, Education And The Biennium Ending June 30, 2025.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Authorizing And Adjusting Bonds Of The State And Concerning Provisions Related To State And Municipal Tax Administration, General Government And School Building Projects.. Description: An Act Authorizing And Adjusting Bonds Of The State And Concerning Provisions Related To State And Municipal Tax Administration, General Government And School Building Projects.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Health And Safety Of Connecticut Residents.. Description: To improve the health and safety of Connecticut residents.
In 2024, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Artificial Intelligence.. Description: To: (1) Establish requirements concerning the development, deployment and use of certain artificial intelligence systems; (2) establish an Artificial Intelligence Advisory Council; (3) prohibit dissemination of certain synthetic images; (4) prohibit distribution of, and agreements to distribute, certain deceptive media concerning elections; (5) require state agencies to study potential uses of generative artificial intelligence and propose pilot projects; (6) require the Commissioner of Administrative Services to provide training concerning generative artificial intelligence; (7) require the Chief Workforce Officer to (A) incorporate artificial intelligence training into workforce training programs, and (B) design a broadband outreach program; (8) require the Board of Regents for Higher Education to establish (A) a "Connecticut Citizens AI Academy", and (B) certificate programs in fields related to artificial intelligence; and (9) require the Department of Economic and Community Development to (A) develop a plan to offer high-performance computing services, (B) establish a confidential computing cluster, and (C) conduct a "CT AI Symposium".
In 2024, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Consumer Protection.. Description: To (1) declare the state's policy concerning broadband Internet access service, (2) require certain broadband Internet access service providers to provide affordable broadband Internet access service, (3) require certain fee disclosures and prohibit deceptive and excessive fees for consumer goods and services, (4) prohibit public entities from purchasing or operating certain small unmanned aircraft systems, (5) impose various requirements concerning connected devices, (6) require net neutrality by imposing requirements on certain broadband Internet access service providers, (7) regulate streaming service billing practices, and (8) impose various requirements concerning repairs of electronic or appliance products.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning School Resources.. Description: To support the state's public schools.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Incentivizing Student Loan Repayment Assistance.. Description: To implement the Governor's budget recommendations.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Assisting School Districts In Improving Educational Outcomes, Implementing The Recommendations Of The Department Of Education And The Technical Education And Career System And Establishing Early Start Ct.. Description: To implement the Governor's budget recommendations.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Updating Requirements For Construction Management Oversight At The University Of Connecticut, Pausing The Requirement For A Plan To Increase The Number Of Full-time Faculty At Public Institutions Of Higher Education And Replacing References To The President Of The Connecticut State Colleges And Universities With The Chancellor Of The Connecticut State Colleges And Universities.. Description: To remove reference to the defunct construction management oversight committee for UConn 2000 projects and repeal the requirement for the state universities to develop a plan to increase the number of full-time faculty.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Modifying The Connecticut Automatic Admissions Program.. Description: To change the requirement for a minimum class rank percentile to a minimum grade point average for students to qualify for admission to a participating institution of higher education through the Connecticut Automatic Admissions Program.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Home Energy Assistance.. Description: An Act Concerning Home Energy Assistance.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Martin Luther King, Jr. Corridors.. Description: To require the Banking Commissioner to designate seven Martin Luther King, Jr. Corridors.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Attorney General, The Banking Commissioner, The Dodd-frank Wall Street Reform And Consumer Protection Act And Telephonic Sales Calls For Soliciting Consumer Goods Or Services.. Description: To establish procedures for the Attorney General to enforce the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Coerced Debt.. Description: To (1) provide that no individual shall cause another individual to incur a coerced debt, and (2) establish procedures to (A) review documentation to determine whether debt is coerced debt, and (B) bring an action to establish whether debt is coerced debt.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Home Visits And Evaluations Conducted By The Department Of Children And Families.. Description: An Act Concerning Home Visits And Evaluations Conducted By The Department Of Children And Families.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Recommendations Of The Department Of Children And Families Relating To Background Checks, Certain Subsidies, Urgent Crisis Centers, Departmental Records And Special Police Officers.. Description: To (1) exempt certain applicants for foster care licensure and individuals eighteen years of age or older living in such applicants' homes from submitting to criminal history records checks requirements under certain circumstances, (2) increase the age upon which an individual living in the home of an applicant for foster care licensure must submit to criminal history records checks and child abuse registry checks from sixteen to eighteen, (3) permit the transfer of adoptive parent subsidies to a successor guardian, (4) authorize the Department of Public Health to access certain records of the Department of Children and Families, (5) require the disclosure of certain educational records to the Department of Children and Families, (6) require the appointment of special police officers for the Department of Children and Families, and (7) make minor and technical changes.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Dog Racing.. Description: To eliminate various provisions concerning dog racing in this state.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Regulation Of Prescription Drugs And Related Professions.. Description: To: (1) Define various terms for purposes of the Pharmacy Practice Act and related statutes; (2) provide for advanced pharmacy technician endorsements and the registration of clerks; (4) authorize pharmacists and advanced pharmacy technicians to dispense drugs in compliance packaging; (5) empower the Commission of Pharmacy to take disciplinary action against certain persons who accept, for return to general inventory or regular stock, any drug that has been sold or delivered to a patient; (6) provide that an individual who is enrolled in an accredited pharmacy technician education program may, in certain circumstances, act as a pharmacy technician; (7) enable the department to take certain actions concerning pharmacy technicians without authorization by the commission; (8) provide that a pharmacist may order and administer certain vaccines; and (9) make minor, technical and conforming changes to various statutes concerning regulation of prescription drugs and related professions.
In 2024, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Legislative Commissioners' Recommendations For Minor And Technical Revisions To Statutes Concerning Consumer Protection.. Description: To make minor and technical revisions to statutes concerning consumer protection.
In 2024, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Establishing A Maximum Charge For Certain Occupational Licenses, Certifications, Permits And Registrations.. Description: To provide that neither the Commissioner of Consumer Protection nor the Department of Consumer Protection may charge certain individuals a license, permit, certification or registration fee in an amount that is greater than one hundred dollars per license, certification, permit or registration year.
In 2024, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Making Changes To The Connecticut Retirement Security Program Statutes.. Description: To implement the recommendations of the Comptroller concerning the administration of the Connecticut Retirement Security Program.
In 2024, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Foreclosure, Assignment And Other Enforcement Actions For Unpaid Sewer Assessments And Other Fees And Charges.. Description: To prohibit foreclosure, assignment and other enforcement actions for unpaid sewer assessment and other fees and charges in the case of owner-occupied real property for which the principal of such unpaid assessments, fees and charges is less than four thousand dollars.
In 2024, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Working Group To Study The Implementation Of Federal Title Ix Protections For All Municipal Recreation Areas And School Sports Facilities.. Description: To extend the report deadline for the working group to study the implementation of federal Title IX protections for all municipal recreation areas and school sports facilities.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Various And Assorted Revisions To The Education Statutes.. Description: To require the Department of Education to study schools.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Requiring The Education And Training Of Barbers, Hairdressers And Cosmeticians To Include Working With Textured Hair.. Description: To require the education and training of barbers, hairdressers and cosmeticians to include working with textured hair.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Emergency Department Crowding.. Description: To require the Commissioner of Public Health to report data regarding emergency department crowding.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Implementing The Recommendations Of The Department Of Motor Vehicles And Concerning Low-speed Vehicles, The Towing Of Occupied Vehicles, School Buses, Electric Commercial Vehicles, The Passenger Registration Of Pick-up Trucks And Removable Windshield Placards For Persons Who Are Blind And Persons With Disabilities.. Description: To implement the recommendations of the Department of Motor Vehicles regarding the electronic issuance of registration and certificates of title, transporter's registration, dealers, repairers, motor vehicle recyclers, drivers' schools, altered, composite, grey-market and salvage vehicles, school buses and minor revisions to the motor vehicle statutes.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Renting Or Leasing Of Passenger Motor Vehicles.. Description: To (1) prohibit a car rental company from requiring an additional driver to provide a credit card to such company as a condition to renting a passenger motor vehicle, provided the lessee provides a credit card or debit card, and (2) limit the amount that a car rental company may recover for the loss of use of a rented vehicle from a lessee.
In 2024, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Food Scrap Diversion From The Solid Waste Stream And The Redemption Of Out-of-state Beverage Containers.. Description: To require the diversion of food scraps from the solid waste stream and prohibit the redemption of out-of-state beverage containers.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Dam Safety.. Description: To enable the Department of Energy and Environmental Protection to more readily take action to protect the public safety when a dam poses an imminent risk.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Certain Farming Programs Of The Department Of Agriculture.. Description: To make minor revisions to certain farm-related programs of the Department of Agriculture.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Requiring Online Prevention Education For Electronic Nicotine Delivery System Dealer Registration.. Description: To require the Department of Mental Health and Addiction Services to establish and administer, and the authorized owner of an applicant for an electronic nicotine delivery system dealer registration to successfully complete, an online prevention education program.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Social Equity Applicants, Infused Beverages And Moderate-thc Hemp Products.. Description: To establish a task force to study consumer protection measures in this state.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Unfair Real Estate Listing Agreements And The Connecticut Unfair Trade Practices Act.. Description: To: (1) Provide that no person doing business in this state shall advertise, display or offer any price in trade or commerce unless such price clearly and conspicuously discloses the total price; (2) prohibit unfair service agreements; (3) require certain service providers to record notice concerning certain service agreements; and (4) implement the Attorney General's recommendations concerning (A) the New Home Construction Guaranty Fund, and (B) the Connecticut Unfair Trade Practices Act.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Youth Camps.. Description: To impose requirements on how youth camps are inspected, to establish the Youth Camp Safety Advisory Council within the Office of Early Childhood, to require youth camps to submit annual reports and to permit the denial of a youth camp license if the applicant has had a license for a youth camp revoked in another state.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Department Of Consumer Protection's Recommendations Regarding Prescription Drug Control.. Description: To: (1) Allow a licensed manufacturer or wholesaler to sell a hypodermic needle or syringe to an advanced practice registered nurse, optometrist or physician assistant; (2) redefine "commissioner", "pharmaceutical manufacturer" and "pharmaceutical marketing firm" for the purposes of various statutes concerning pharmaceutical marketing; (3) eliminate a requirement that the Department of Consumer Protection annually analyze certain information submitted to the department concerning pharmaceutical marketing; (4) extend the date by which the department is required to submit an annual report concerning pharmaceutical marketing; (5) eliminate an overlapping prohibition concerning automatic reciprocal discipline of pharmacists; (6) modify the actions the Commissioner of Consumer Protection may take following a violation of certain statutes concerning pharmaceutical marketing; (7) require certain practitioners that dispense, administer or prescribe controlled substances to make certain records available to the department; and (8) make minor, technical and conforming changes to various statutes concerning prescription drug control.
In 2024, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Consideration Of Familial Relationship During The Admissions Process By An Institution Of Higher Education.. Description: To prohibit consideration by an institution of higher education of a prospective student's familial relationship to a graduate of such institution during the admissions process.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Revisor's Technical Corrections To The General Statutes.. Description: To make various technical changes concerning grammar, clarity and accuracy of internal references and consistency in the general statutes.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning A Universal Patient Intake Form For Recipients Of Behavioral Health Services For Children.. Description: To require providers of behavioral health services for children to utilize a universal patient intake form.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Clarifying The Appeals Process Under The Paid Family And Medical Leave Statutes.. Description: To clarify the process for an appeal to the Superior Court under the Paid Family and Medical Leave Statutes.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Changes To The Paid Family And Medical Leave Statutes.. Description: To (1) amend the provisions of the paid family and medical leave statutes relating to employer requirements, federally recognized tribes, concurrent payments, overpayments and penalties, and (2) make other minor and technical changes to the paid family and medical leave statutes.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Requiring Notice Of Revaluation To Certain Owners Of Residential Buildings With Defective Concrete Foundations.. Description: To require municipal assessors to notify owners of residential buildings that have been reassessed due to defective concrete foundations of upcoming revaluation cycles, and make technical changes.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Annual Random Audits Of Professional Bondsmen.. Description: To require an annual audit of the fees and commissions charged by three randomly selected professional bondsmen.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Exempting Certain Law Enforcement Records From Disclosure Under The Freedom Of Information Act.. Description: To exempt certain law enforcement records from disclosure under the Freedom of Information Act.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Military Leave Provisions Under The State Personnel Act.. Description: To update obsolete terminology utilized in the military leave provisions of the State Personnel Act, thereby facilitating use of such provisions by state employees who serve in the armed forces.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Expanding Eligibility For Grants From The Military Relief Fund.. Description: To allow grants from the Military Relief Fund for essential household goods or services if payment for such goods or services would be a hardship to a serious injury or illness, or the death, of an eligible service member or an immediate family member thereof.
In 2024, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Early Childhood Business Incubator Program.. Description: To remove the limit on the duration of the early childhood business incubator program and change the number of facilities that may be approved under the program from one per specified municipality to twenty throughout the state.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Global Entrepreneur In Residence Program.. Description: To establish the Global Entrepreneur in Residence Program.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Foreign Political Spending.. Description: To prevent foreign interference in state referenda and elections and allow for greater enforcement of violations, including by affording the State Elections Enforcement Commission more time to investigate foreign political spending cases.
In 2024, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Recommendations Of The Risk-limiting Audits Working Group.. Description: To implement the recommendations of the risk limiting audits working group.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Certification Of And Casting Of Ballots By Presidential Electors.. Description: To (1) specify that the Secretary of the State is the state executive for purposes of certifying presidential electors under the federal Electoral Count Reform Act of 2022, and (2) move later by one day the required meeting of the presidential electors.
In 2024, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Contracting With Quasi-public Agencies Under The State Codes Of Ethics.. Description: To expand the prohibition against certain individuals contracting with state agencies under the state codes of ethics unless awarded through an open and public process to include contracts with quasi-public agencies.
In 2024, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Conflicts Of Interest Due To An Employer Other Than The State Under The State Code Of Ethics For Public Officials.. Description: To apply substantial conflict of interest provisions in the state code of ethics for public officials and state employees to conflicts involving the public official's or state employee's nonstate employer or spouse's employer.
In 2024, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Statements Of Financial Interests Under The State Code Of Ethics For Public Officials.. Description: To require members of certain boards, commissions, committees and councils within the Executive Department to file statements of financial interests and to permit the filing of the name of certain tax-sheltered annuity retirement plans in lieu of naming specific securities within such statements.
In 2024, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Municipal Campaign Finance Filings.. Description: To require that all municipal campaign registration and financial disclosure statements be filed with the State Elections Enforcement Commission, instead of with town clerks, and make several conforming changes.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Citizens' Election Program Grants For Court-ordered Primaries And Elections And Funding.. Description: To (1) provide Citizens' Election Program grants in the event of certain adjourned primaries and court-ordered new elections or primaries, (2) ensure adequate funding for the program, and (3) include events at which a candidate or candidates are present in the definition of "organization expenditure".
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Bonding Authority Of The Connecticut Municipal Redevelopment Authority, The Reporting Of Material Financial Obligations By State Agencies, Tax-exempt Proceeds Fund References And The Notification Of The Sale Or Lease Of Projects Financed With Bond Proceeds.. Description: To (1) amend provisions concerning the bonding authority and liability of the Connecticut Municipal Redevelopment Authority, (2) require state actors to notify the Treasurer of reportable financial obligations and agreements, (3) require the prior approval of the Treasurer for certain transactions, and (4) delete provisions concerning the Tax-Exempt Proceeds Fund.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Adoption Of The Connecticut Uniform Trust Decanting Act.. Description: To adopt the Connecticut Uniform Trust Decanting Act.
In 2024, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Proposed Fare And Service Changes To Public Transportation.. Description: To require a public hearing regarding a proposed service change to a rail line in a town with an intermediate transit station that serves a significant percentage of the line's ridership.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Emergency Mortgage Assistance Program.. Description: To (1) redefine "aggregate family income" and "financial hardship due to circumstances beyond the homeowner's control" in connection with the emergency mortgage assistance program, (2) change procedures (A) regarding applying for emergency mortgage assistance payments, (B) regarding making emergency mortgage assistance payments, (C) for establishing emergency mortgage assistance repayment agreements, and (D) regarding the posting of certain notices on the Connecticut Housing Finance Authority's Internet web site, (3) provide that the authority may adopt procedures to establish an aggregate limit on the amount of emergency mortgage assistance payments that certain homeowners may receive, and (4) require developers for certain projects to hire an advocate for the residents affected by such projects.
In 2024, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Minor Revisions To Environment Related Statutes.. Description: To make minor revisions to environment-related statutes.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Use Of Pfas In Certain Products.. Description: To prohibit the use of PFAS in certain products.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Redemption Of Out-of-state Beverage Containers.. Description: To require a waste characterization study and needs assessment and increase certain transportation weight limits for vehicles hauling solid waste.
In 2024, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Taking Of Municipal Park Lands By Municipalities.. Description: To clarify and strengthen the provision of the general statutes requiring municipalities that take, convert or repurpose park lands to provide comparable replacement land.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Establishing A Task Force To Study The Enforcement Of Certain Provisions Of The General Statutes Concerning Roaming Livestock And Amending Certain Statutes Concerning Roaming Livestock.. Description: To prohibit certain undesired interactions between roaming swine and bovine.
In 2024, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Data Centers.. Description: To require the Public Utilities Regulatory Authority to evaluate the impact of large data centers on grid reliability.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Legislative Commissioners' Recommendations For Technical Revisions To The Higher Education Statutes.. Description: To make grammatical and technical revisions to the higher education statutes.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Implementing The Recommendations Of The Connecticut Higher Education Supplemental Loan Authority.. Description: To allow students under eighteen years of age to qualify for authority loans and allow the authority to fund special capital reserve funds with a surety policy or similar instrument.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Medicaid Coverage Of Biomarker Testing.. Description: To improve outcomes for Medicaid enrollees afflicted with cancer and other diseases by utilizing biomarker testing to help guide treatment.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Wheelchair Repair Requirements.. Description: To implement task force recommendations concerning timely wheelchair repair.
In 2024, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning A Janitorial Work Program For Persons With A Disability And Persons With A Disadvantage.. Description: To update statutes concerning work opportunities for persons with a disability or a disadvantage.
In 2024, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning A Study Of State-funded Assisted Living Services.. Description: To study the costs and benefits of expanding state-funded assisted living services.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Probate Court Operations And Administration.. Description: To make statutory changes relating to the (1) types of documents that may be remotely notarized in Probate Court, and (2) provision of notice, receipt of fees and the consistent use of terminology in certain Probate Court proceedings.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Establishing A Task Force To Study The Effects Of Hate Speech And Bullying On Children.. Description: To establish a task force to study the effects of hate speech on children.
In 2024, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Permanent Partial Disability Benefits And Pension Offsets.. Description: To prohibit municipal or special taxing district pension systems from diminishing or eliminating certain retirement rights and benefits due to the receipt of permanent partial disability benefits.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Local Charter Revisions.. Description: To remove prohibitions against a municipality modifying certain local charter provisions pertaining to (1) planning and zoning commissions, (2) the process of eminent domain, and (3) the disposition of municipal property.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Metropolitan District Of Hartford County's Independent Consumer Advocate.. Description: To amend provisions concerning costs relating to and the appointment and term of the Metropolitan District of Hartford County's Independent Consumer Advocate, and make technical changes.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Requiring Restitution When A Police Animal Or Dog In A Volunteer Canine Search And Rescue Team Is Injured Or Killed.. Description: To require restitution to the law enforcement unit, entity or individual that owns a police animal or dog in a volunteer canine search and rescue team when such animal or dog is injured or killed.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Establishing A Fallen Officer Fund And Providing Health Insurance Coverage To Survivors Of A Police Officer Killed In The Line Of Duty.. Description: To establish a Fallen Officer Fund to provide payments to the surviving family of a police officer killed in the line of duty.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Confidentiality Of Communications Between Peer Support Team Members And Department Of Correction Employees.. Description: To provide confidentiality for communications between peer support team members and Department of Correction officers.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Membership Of The Codes And Standards Committee And Battery-charged Security Fences.. Description: To (1) expand membership of the Codes and Standards Committee; (2) require revisions of the State Building Code within twenty-four, instead of eighteen, months of publication of revisions to the model code; (3) establish certain factors for consideration in adopting amendments to the State Building Code; (4) add a requirement for the fiscal note that must be completed for a proposed regulation; (5) require certain amendments to the State Building Code and Fire Safety Code related to residential occupancies served by a single exit stairway, construction of three-unit and four-unit residential buildings and gas detectors; (6) make various changes related to barriers around swimming pools; (7) impose certain requirements related to battery-charged security fences; and (8) prohibit parking electric vehicles in parking garages.
In 2024, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Certain Federal Veterans' Benefits And Income Eligibility Determinations For Certain Public Assistance Programs.. Description: To disregard from income certain federal veterans' benefits when determining eligibility for certain public assistance programs.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Dyslexia Screening Of Individuals Who Are Incarcerated.. Description: To ensure individuals who are incarcerated are screened for dyslexia.
In 2024, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Increasing Funding For The Community Investment Account.. Description: To increase the recording fee that funds the Community Investment Account by five dollars.
In 2024, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Compensation Of Board Of Education Members.. Description: To remove a prohibition on the compensation of members of boards of education.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Transcript Fees Charged By Official Court Reporters And Court Reporting Monitors.. Description: To increase the per page fee paid to official court reporters and court reporting monitors for transcripts.
In 2024, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning A Study To Maximize Medicaid Reimbursement For Uconn Health Center.. Description: To study ways to maximize Medicaid reimbursement for The University of Connecticut Health Center.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Source Plasma Donation Centers.. Description: To require the Commissioner of Public Health to (1) adopt regulations allowing source plasma donation centers to (A) designate physicians as directors of such centers, and (B) collect source plasma through plasmapheresis, provided such centers comply with federal laws and regulations governing source plasma collection; and (2) update the department's policies and procedures concerning source plasma donation centers.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning A Working Group To Study Payments By Insurance Companies For Deposit Into The Insurance Fund.. Description: To realign the structure of payments by insurance companies into the Insurance Fund.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Low-income Energy Advisory Board.. Description: To change the composition and duties of the Low-Income Energy Advisory Board and rename it the Low-Income Energy and Water Advisory Board.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Energy Procurements, Certain Energy Sources And Programs Of The Public Utilities Regulatory Authority.. Description: To (1) permit the Commissioner of Energy and Environmental Protection to coordinate with other New England states to procure generation resources from a nuclear power generating facility for ten years following the end of existing agreements with a nuclear power generating facility; (2) authorize the electric distribution companies to use resources from a nuclear power generating facility to supply standard service if the procurement manager of the Public Utilities Regulatory Authority approves; and (3) increase the maximum allowed contract length for wind procurements to thirty years.
In 2024, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Use Of Online Donation Platforms For Political Campaigns.. Description: To exclude certain voluntary payments given by contributors to online political donation platforms from (1) the definition of "contribution", and (2) the provisions regarding illegal campaign finance practices.
In 2024, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Implementing The Recommendations Of The State Contracting Standards Board.. Description: To make revisions to provisions concerning the State Contracting Standards Board recommended by the board, including by giving the board authority over quasi-public agency procurement, prohibiting the Governor from reducing allotments to the board, requiring the online posting of emergency procurements, revising requirements regarding proposed privatization contracts, and providing that provisions in title 4e supersede certain other provisions.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Implementing The Treasurer's Recommendations Concerning Unclaimed Property.. Description: To implement the Treasurer's recommendations for changes to the process for claiming unclaimed property, including by adding provisions concerning virtual currency, updating contact methods to include electronic means, requiring executors and administrators to search for unclaimed property prior to finalizing an estate through probate, adding requirements for paid finders of unclaimed property and requiring the Commissioner of Revenue Services to agree to provide certain information to the Treasurer.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Reporting Of Medical Debt.. Description: To prohibit the reporting of medical debt to credit rating agencies and impose penalties via reduction or withdrawal of Medicaid funds to the extent permissible under federal law.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Implementing Task Force Recommendations For The Elderly Nutrition Program.. Description: To implement task force recommendations for the elderly nutrition program.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Establishing A Task Force To Study Workers Compensation Coverage For Students Of Regional Agricultural Science And Technology Centers.. Description: To add vocational agricultural students enrolled in an internship to the definition of "employee" for purposes of the Workers' Compensation Act.
In 2024, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Pre And Post Shift Hours.. Description: To amend the definition of "hours worked" by including the time an employee spends in security screenings required by an employer for purposes of chapter 558 of the general statutes.
In 2024, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Wage Theft Responsibility.. Description: To make a contractor liable for unpaid wages owed to an employee of a subcontractor at any tier who performs work on any portion of a construction contract.
In 2024, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Conversion Of Commercial Real Property For Residential Use.. Description: To allow the conversion or partial conversion of any commercial building into a residential development as of right.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Illegally Passing A School Bus.. Description: To authorize municipalities to adopt an ordinance regarding illegally passing a school bus.
In 2024, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Law Enforcement Recruitment And Retention.. Description: To enhance recruitment and retention of police officers.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Court Operations And Administrative Proceedings.. Description: To make various changes to statutes relating to: (1) The duties of the Chief Court Administrator, (2) certain court processes and procedures, (3) duties undertaken by attorneys, and (4) entities operating under the auspices of the Judicial Branch.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Business Registrations Filed With The Secretary Of The State.. Description: To make changes to statutes affecting business registrations with the Secretary of the State.
In 2024, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Fees For Copying, Reviewing And Redacting Records Created By Police Body-worn Recording Equipment And Dashboard Cameras.. Description: To authorize a public agency to charge a redaction fee for the disclosure of a record created by police body-worn equipment or dashboard cameras that contains portions not authorized to be disclosed under state or federal law.
In 2024, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning State Contracts With Nonprofit Human Services Providers.. Description: To require the Secretary of the Office of Policy and Management to conduct reviews of the level of services and reporting requirements of nonprofit human services providers and of updates needed to CORE-CT to eliminate inefficiencies and to require prompt payment of such providers.
In 2024, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Increasing Various Monetary Thresholds Under The State Codes Of Ethics.. Description: To increase various monetary thresholds for violations under the state codes of ethics.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Designation Of Farm Land And Open Space Land And Revisions To The Connecticut Entity Transactions Act.. Description: To provide the approval of an operation as farm land or open space land by the Commissioner of Agriculture as prima facie evidence of such designation, to add reference to reproductive and gender-affirming health care services being provided to out-of-state patients and to make revisions to the Connecticut Entity Transactions Act.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Compensation For Persons Who Are Wrongfully Incarcerated.. Description: To permit a person whose conviction is vacated or reversed on grounds consistent with innocence to seek compensation for being wrongfully incarcerated, require the Claims Commissioner to determine eligibility within ninety days of a hearing on a wrongful incarceration claim, change "median household income" to "median family income" within the formula for determining compensation, permit compensation in the form of an array of services designed to assist in reintegration of the claimant, remove the bar against further legal action arising from such claim for any person awarded compensation and provide for an offset of the award amount from any future damages awarded and allow an award of compensation to the estate of a claimant who has died since filing a claim.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Reconveyance Of A Parcel Of State Land In The City Of Middletown.. Description: To reconvey a parcel of state land in the city of Middletown that has reverted to the state to its former owner for moderate-income housing and public recreational or community facilities.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning A Conveyance Of A Parcel Of State Land In The City Of Bridgeport.. Description: To convey a parcel of state land in the city of Bridgeport in accordance with a 2001 lease agreement.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Conveyance Of A Parcel Of State Land In The Town Of Enfield.. Description: To convey a parcel of state land in the town of Enfield to the town of Enfield for recreational or open space purposes.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Conveyance Of A Parcel Of State Land In The Town Of Somers.. Description: To convey a parcel of state land in the town of Somers to the town of Somers for public safety purposes.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Motor Vehicle Assessments For Property Taxation, Innovation Banks, The Interest On Certain Tax Underpayments, The Assessment On Insurers, School Building Projects, The South Central Connecticut Regional Water Authority Charter And Certain State Historic Preservation Officer Procedures.. Description: An Act Concerning Motor Vehicle Assessments For Property Taxation, Innovation Banks, The Interest On Certain Tax Underpayments, The Assessment On Insurers, School Building Projects, The South Central Connecticut Regional Water Authority Charter And Certain State Historic Preservation Officer Procedures.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Concerning The Printing Of The House Journal.. Description: Resolution Concerning The Printing Of The House Journal.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Raising A Committee To Inform The Senate That The House Is Ready To Meet In Joint Convention.. Description: Resolution Raising A Committee To Inform The Senate That The House Is Ready To Meet In Joint Convention.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Ronnell A. Higgins Of North Haven To Be Commissioner Of Emergency Services And Public Protection.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Ronnell A. Higgins Of North Haven To Be Commissioner Of Emergency Services And Public Protection.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Daniel O'keefe Of New Canaan To Be Commissioner Of Economic And Community Development.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Daniel O'keefe Of New Canaan To Be Commissioner Of Economic And Community Development.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Michael A. Pepper Of Madison To Be A Member And Chairperson Of The Psychiatric Security Review Board.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Michael A. Pepper Of Madison To Be A Member And Chairperson Of The Psychiatric Security Review Board.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Owen P. Eagan Of West Hartford To Be Reappointed A Member And Chairperson Of The Freedom Of Information Commission.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Owen P. Eagan Of West Hartford To Be Reappointed A Member And Chairperson Of The Freedom Of Information Commission.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Judith A. Ganswindt Of Old Saybrook To Be A Member Of The Freedom Of Information Commission.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Judith A. Ganswindt Of Old Saybrook To Be A Member Of The Freedom Of Information Commission.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Proposing Approval Of A Memorandum Of Agreement Between The Pca Workforce Council And The New England Health Care Employees Union, District 1199, Seiu.. Description: Resolution Proposing Approval Of A Memorandum Of Agreement Between The Pca Workforce Council And The New England Health Care Employees Union, District 1199, Seiu.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Joseph A. Ragozzino Of Haddam To Be A Member Of The Milk Regulation Board.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Joseph A. Ragozzino Of Haddam To Be A Member Of The Milk Regulation Board.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Douglas H. Wade Of Shelton To Be A Member Of The Milk Regulation Board.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Douglas H. Wade Of Shelton To Be A Member Of The Milk Regulation Board.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Craig D. Stearns Of Simsbury To Be A Member Of The Milk Regulation Board.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Craig D. Stearns Of Simsbury To Be A Member Of The Milk Regulation Board.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Christian S. Casiello Of Litchfield To Be A Member Of The Milk Regulation Board.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Christian S. Casiello Of Litchfield To Be A Member Of The Milk Regulation Board.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Proposing Approval Of An Agreement Between The University Of Connecticut Board Of Trustees And The International Union, United Automobile, Aerospace And Agricultural Implement Workers Of America, Local 6950.. Description: Resolution Proposing Approval Of An Agreement Between The University Of Connecticut Board Of Trustees And The International Union, United Automobile, Aerospace And Agricultural Implement Workers Of America, Local 6950.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Proposing Approval Of An Agreement Between The State Of Connecticut And The State Employees Bargaining Agent Coalition (sebac).. Description: Resolution Proposing Approval Of An Agreement Between The State Of Connecticut And The State Employees Bargaining Agent Coalition (sebac).
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Concerning The Rules Of The House Of Representatives For The June Special Session, 2024.. Description: Resolution Concerning The Rules Of The House Of Representatives For The June Special Session, 2024.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Concerning The Printing Of The Senate Journal.. Description: Resolution Concerning The Printing Of The Senate Journal.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Concerning Roll Call And Reading Of The Senate Journal.. Description: Resolution Concerning Roll Call And Reading Of The Senate Journal.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Shirley Skyers-thomas Of Bethany To Be Deputy Commissioner Of The Department Of Consumer Protection.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Shirley Skyers-thomas Of Bethany To Be Deputy Commissioner Of The Department Of Consumer Protection.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Jodi Hill-lilly Of Bloomfield To Be Commissioner Of Children And Families.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Jodi Hill-lilly Of Bloomfield To Be Commissioner Of Children And Families.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Wakana Hirota Of Berlin To Be A Member Of The Psychiatric Security Review Board.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Wakana Hirota Of Berlin To Be A Member Of The Psychiatric Security Review Board.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Proposing Approval Of A Memorandum Of Agreement Between The Pca Workforce Council And The New England Health Care Employees Union, District 1199, Seiu.. Description: Resolution Proposing Approval Of A Memorandum Of Agreement Between The Pca Workforce Council And The New England Health Care Employees Union, District 1199, Seiu.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Stephen Fuzesi, Jr. Of Greenwich To Be Reappointed A Member Of The Freedom Of Information Commission.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Stephen Fuzesi, Jr. Of Greenwich To Be Reappointed A Member Of The Freedom Of Information Commission.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Katherine O. Farrish Of Tolland To Be A Member Of The Freedom Of Information Commission.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Katherine O. Farrish Of Tolland To Be A Member Of The Freedom Of Information Commission.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Jeffrey S. Cone Of Lebanon To Be A Member Of The Milk Regulation Board.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Jeffrey S. Cone Of Lebanon To Be A Member Of The Milk Regulation Board.
In 2023, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Preservation Of Stone Walls In The State.. Description: To preserve stone walls throughout the state.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Carolyn L. Russell Of East Hampton To Be A Member Of The Milk Regulation Board.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Carolyn L. Russell Of East Hampton To Be A Member Of The Milk Regulation Board.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Proposing Approval Of An Agreement Between The State Of Connecticut And The State Employees Bargaining Agent Coalition (sebac).. Description: Resolution Proposing Approval Of An Agreement Between The State Of Connecticut And The State Employees Bargaining Agent Coalition (sebac).
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Proposing Approval Of An Agreement Between The University Of Connecticut Board Of Trustees And The International Union, United Automobile, Aerospace And Agricultural Implement Workers Of America, Local 6950.. Description: Resolution Proposing Approval Of An Agreement Between The University Of Connecticut Board Of Trustees And The International Union, United Automobile, Aerospace And Agricultural Implement Workers Of America, Local 6950.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Concerning The Rules Of The Senate For The June Special Session, 2024.. Description: Resolution Concerning The Rules Of The Senate For The June Special Session, 2024.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Robert E. Young Of South Glastonbury To Be A Senior Judge Of The Superior Court.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Robert E. Young Of South Glastonbury To Be A Senior Judge Of The Superior Court.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Gerald L. Harmon Of Southington To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Gerald L. Harmon Of Southington To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable David P. Gold Of Middlefield To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable David P. Gold Of Middlefield To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable John B. Farley Of Bloomfield To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable John B. Farley Of Bloomfield To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Edward S. Domnarski Of Essex To Be A State Referee.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Edward S. Domnarski Of Essex To Be A State Referee.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Joseph A. Licari, Jr. Of Branford To Be A State Referee.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Joseph A. Licari, Jr. Of Branford To Be A State Referee.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable William T. Cremins Of Middlebury To Be A State Referee.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable William T. Cremins Of Middlebury To Be A State Referee.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Eddie Rodriguez, Jr. Of Easton To Be A State Referee.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Eddie Rodriguez, Jr. Of Easton To Be A State Referee.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Christine S. Vertefeuille Of East Haven To Be A State Referee.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Christine S. Vertefeuille Of East Haven To Be A State Referee.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Matthew E. Frechette Of Branford To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Matthew E. Frechette Of Branford To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Mark T. Gould Of North Haven To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Mark T. Gould Of North Haven To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Barbara Bailey Jongbloed Of Madison To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Barbara Bailey Jongbloed Of Madison To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Barbara Brazzel-massaro Of Trumbull To Be A State Referee.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Barbara Brazzel-massaro Of Trumbull To Be A State Referee.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Michael R. Dannehy Of Manchester To Be A State Referee.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Michael R. Dannehy Of Manchester To Be A State Referee.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Joseph H. Pellegrino Of East Haven To Be A State Referee.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Joseph H. Pellegrino Of East Haven To Be A State Referee.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Donald R. Green Of Meriden To Be A Family Support Magistrate.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Donald R. Green Of Meriden To Be A Family Support Magistrate.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Dawne G. Westbrook Of Glastonbury To Be A Judge Of The Appellate Court And A Judge Of The Superior Court.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Dawne G. Westbrook Of Glastonbury To Be A Judge Of The Appellate Court And A Judge Of The Superior Court.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Edward T. Krumeich, Ii, Of Greenwich To Be A State Referee.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Edward T. Krumeich, Ii, Of Greenwich To Be A State Referee.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Richard Balducci Of Deep River To Be Reappointed A Member Of The Board Of Regents For Higher Education.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Richard Balducci Of Deep River To Be Reappointed A Member Of The Board Of Regents For Higher Education.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Nicholas Kapoor Of Monroe To Be Reappointed A Member Of The Commission On Human Rights And Opportunities.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Nicholas Kapoor Of Monroe To Be Reappointed A Member Of The Commission On Human Rights And Opportunities.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Granting The Claims Commissioner Extensions Of Time To Dispose Of Certain Claims Against The State.. Description: Resolution Granting The Claims Commissioner Extensions Of Time To Dispose Of Certain Claims Against The State.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Public Safety Capacity Of Squantz Pond State Park.. Description: To protect the public safety of state parks and the transit areas surrounding the entrance to our state parks.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Peter L. Brown Of Hamden To Be A Member Of The Judicial Review Council.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Peter L. Brown Of Hamden To Be A Member Of The Judicial Review Council.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Vacating The Decision Of The Claims Commissioner To Deny The Claim Against The State Of Jesse Crystal.. Description: Resolution Vacating The Decision Of The Claims Commissioner To Deny The Claim Against The State Of Jesse Crystal.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Decisions Of The Claims Commissioner To Dismiss Certain Claims Against The State.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Decisions Of The Claims Commissioner To Dismiss Certain Claims Against The State.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Decisions Of The Claims Commissioner To Deny Certain Claims Against The State.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Decisions Of The Claims Commissioner To Deny Certain Claims Against The State.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Vacating The Decision Of The Claims Commissioner Concerning The Claim Against The State Of Guy D'aniello.. Description: Resolution Vacating The Decision Of The Claims Commissioner Concerning The Claim Against The State Of Guy D'aniello.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Vacating The Decision Of The Claims Commissioner And Directing Said Commissioner To Order Immediate Payment To The Claimant Joe Baltas.. Description: Resolution Vacating The Decision Of The Claims Commissioner And Directing Said Commissioner To Order Immediate Payment To The Claimant Joe Baltas.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Remanding The Claim Against The State Of John Dickerson To The Claims Commissioner For Action Consistent With Said Commissioner's Prior Determination.. Description: Resolution Remanding The Claim Against The State Of John Dickerson To The Claims Commissioner For Action Consistent With Said Commissioner's Prior Determination.
In 2024, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: Resolution Ratifying The Proposed Amendment To The Constitution Of The United States Permitting Congress To Regulate Child Labor.. Description: Resolution Ratifying The Proposed Amendment To The Constitution Of The United States Permitting Congress To Regulate Child Labor.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Jessica W. Simpson, Esquire, Of Windsor To Be A Family Support Magistrate.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Jessica W. Simpson, Esquire, Of Windsor To Be A Family Support Magistrate.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Adam R. Schibley, Esquire, Of Windsor To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Adam R. Schibley, Esquire, Of Windsor To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Eric P. Smith, Esquire, Of Litchfield To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Eric P. Smith, Esquire, Of Litchfield To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Melissa L. Streeto, Esquire, Of Wethersfield To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Melissa L. Streeto, Esquire, Of Wethersfield To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Matthew T. Wax-krell, Esquire, Of West Hartford To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Matthew T. Wax-krell, Esquire, Of West Hartford To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Nicole Anker, Esquire, Of South Glastonbury To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Nicole Anker, Esquire, Of South Glastonbury To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Corrine A. Boni-vendola, Esquire, Of Wallingford To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Corrine A. Boni-vendola, Esquire, Of Wallingford To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Steven R. Dembo, Esquire, Of Bloomfield To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Steven R. Dembo, Esquire, Of Bloomfield To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Christine Jean-louis, Esquire, Of Wallingford To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Christine Jean-louis, Esquire, Of Wallingford To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Cristina M. Lopez, Esquire, Of Wethersfield To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Cristina M. Lopez, Esquire, Of Wethersfield To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Matthew Necci, Esquire, Of Glastonbury To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Matthew Necci, Esquire, Of Glastonbury To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of John P. Regan, Esquire, Of Old Greenwich To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of John P. Regan, Esquire, Of Old Greenwich To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Komla G. Matrevi Of Torrington To Be A Human Rights Referee.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Komla G. Matrevi Of Torrington To Be A Human Rights Referee.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Connor Cowan Of Fairfield To Be A Nonvoting Student Member Of The State Board Of Education.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Connor Cowan Of Fairfield To Be A Nonvoting Student Member Of The State Board Of Education.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Yasmeen Galal Of Prospect To Be A Nonvoting Student Member Of The State Board Of Education.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Yasmeen Galal Of Prospect To Be A Nonvoting Student Member Of The State Board Of Education.
In 2024, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Stephen C. Higgins Of West Hartford To Be A Member Of The State Education Resource Center Board Of Directors.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Stephen C. Higgins Of West Hartford To Be A Member Of The State Education Resource Center Board Of Directors.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Seth Zimmerman, Ph.d., Of New Haven To Be A Member Of The State Board Of Education.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Seth Zimmerman, Ph.d., Of New Haven To Be A Member Of The State Board Of Education.
In 2024, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Sonia Worrell-asare Of Windsor To Be A Member Of The State Elections Enforcement Commission.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Sonia Worrell-asare Of Windsor To Be A Member Of The State Elections Enforcement Commission.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Bonnie E. Burr Of Brookfield To Be Reappointed A Member Of The State Board Of Education.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Bonnie E. Burr Of Brookfield To Be Reappointed A Member Of The State Board Of Education.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Kristen A. Record Of Bridgeport To Be A Member Of The State Board Of Education.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Kristen A. Record Of Bridgeport To Be A Member Of The State Board Of Education.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Juan C. Salazar Of Glastonbury To Be A Member Of The State Board Of Education.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Juan C. Salazar Of Glastonbury To Be A Member Of The State Board Of Education.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Erik M. Clemons Of New Haven To Be Reappointed A Member Of The State Board Of Education.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Erik M. Clemons Of New Haven To Be Reappointed A Member Of The State Board Of Education.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Concerning The Joint Rules For The June Special Session, 2024.. Description: Resolution Concerning The Joint Rules For The June Special Session, 2024.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Concerning The Expenses Of The June Special Session, 2024.. Description: Resolution Concerning The Expenses Of The June Special Session, 2024.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Concerning The Printing Of The Journals Of The Senate And House Of Representatives For The June Special Session, 2024.. Description: Resolution Concerning The Printing Of The Journals Of The Senate And House Of Representatives For The June Special Session, 2024.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Concerning Publication Of Legislative Bulletin, Printing Of Bills And Expenses.. Description: Resolution Concerning Publication Of Legislative Bulletin, Printing Of Bills And Expenses.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Raising A Committee To Inform The Governor That The Senate And House Of Representatives Are Met In Joint Convention To Receive His Budget Message.. Description: Resolution Raising A Committee To Inform The Governor That The Senate And House Of Representatives Are Met In Joint Convention To Receive His Budget Message.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Concerning The Printing Of The Governor's Budget Message.. Description: Resolution Concerning The Printing Of The Governor's Budget Message.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Alex Harris Of Ridgefield To Be A Member Of The Commission On Human Rights And Opportunities.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Alex Harris Of Ridgefield To Be A Member Of The Commission On Human Rights And Opportunities.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Recognizing And Honoring Veterans Of The Vietnam War Who Were Exposed To Agent Orange.. Description: Resolution Recognizing And Honoring Veterans Of The Vietnam War Who Were Exposed To Agent Orange.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Granting The Claims Commissioner An Extension Of Time To Dispose Of Certain Claims Against The State Pursuant To Chapter 53 Of The General Statutes.. Description: Resolution Granting The Claims Commissioner An Extension Of Time To Dispose Of Certain Claims Against The State Pursuant To Chapter 53 Of The General Statutes.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Theodore R. Tyma Of Trumbull To Be A Member Of The Judicial Review Council.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Theodore R. Tyma Of Trumbull To Be A Member Of The Judicial Review Council.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Decision Of The Claims Commissioner To Dismiss Certain Claims Against The State Pursuant To Chapter 53 Of The General Statutes.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Decision Of The Claims Commissioner To Dismiss Certain Claims Against The State Pursuant To Chapter 53 Of The General Statutes.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Decision Of The Claims Commissioner To Deny Certain Claims Against The State Pursuant To Chapter 53 Of The General Statutes.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Decision Of The Claims Commissioner To Deny Certain Claims Against The State Pursuant To Chapter 53 Of The General Statutes.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Accepting The Recommendation Of The Claims Commissioner To Grant An Award To Luis Ortiz On His Claim Against The State.. Description: Resolution Accepting The Recommendation Of The Claims Commissioner To Grant An Award To Luis Ortiz On His Claim Against The State.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Vacating The Decision Of The Claims Commissioner To Deny The Claim Against The State Of Mark Stuart And Remanding The Matter To The Claims Commissioner For Further Proceedings.. Description: Resolution Vacating The Decision Of The Claims Commissioner To Deny The Claim Against The State Of Mark Stuart And Remanding The Matter To The Claims Commissioner For Further Proceedings.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Vacating The Decision Of The Claims Commissioner To Deny The Claim Against The State Of Haydee Silva And Remanding The Matter To The Office Of The Claims Commissioner For A De Novo Hearing On The Merits.. Description: Resolution Vacating The Decision Of The Claims Commissioner To Deny The Claim Against The State Of Haydee Silva And Remanding The Matter To The Office Of The Claims Commissioner For A De Novo Hearing On The Merits.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Vacating The Decision Of The Claims Commissioner To Dismiss The Claim Against The State Of Christopher Platt And Remanding The Matter To The Claims Commissioner For A Hearing On The Merits.. Description: Resolution Vacating The Decision Of The Claims Commissioner To Dismiss The Claim Against The State Of Christopher Platt And Remanding The Matter To The Claims Commissioner For A Hearing On The Merits.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Susan E. Nugent, Esquire, Of Hamden To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Susan E. Nugent, Esquire, Of Hamden To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Pedro E. Segarra Of Hartford To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Pedro E. Segarra Of Hartford To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Alayna M. Stone, Esquire, Of New Haven To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Alayna M. Stone, Esquire, Of New Haven To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Nicole J. Tung, Esquire, Of Cheshire To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Nicole J. Tung, Esquire, Of Cheshire To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Colleen Zingaro, Esquire, Of Newtown To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Colleen Zingaro, Esquire, Of Newtown To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Toni M. Fatone Of West Hartford To Be A Workers' Compensation Administrative Law Judge.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Toni M. Fatone Of West Hartford To Be A Workers' Compensation Administrative Law Judge.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Maria C. Rodriguez, Esquire, Of West Hartford To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Maria C. Rodriguez, Esquire, Of West Hartford To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Sara Nadim, Esquire, Of Unionville To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Sara Nadim, Esquire, Of Unionville To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Cody N. Guarnieri, Esquire, Of South Windsor To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Cody N. Guarnieri, Esquire, Of South Windsor To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Kristin A. Connors, Esquire, Of Newtown To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Kristin A. Connors, Esquire, Of Newtown To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Tamar R. Birckhead, Esquire, Of Hartford To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Tamar R. Birckhead, Esquire, Of Hartford To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Sujata Gadkar-wilcox Of Trumbull To Be A Member Of The Commission On Human Rights And Opportunities.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Sujata Gadkar-wilcox Of Trumbull To Be A Member Of The Commission On Human Rights And Opportunities.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Tamara J. Titre Of Bridgeport To Be A Member Of The Commission On Human Rights And Opportunities.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Tamara J. Titre Of Bridgeport To Be A Member Of The Commission On Human Rights And Opportunities.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Theodore M. Yang Of New Canaan To Be A Member Of The Board Of Regents For Higher Education.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Theodore M. Yang Of New Canaan To Be A Member Of The Board Of Regents For Higher Education.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Martin C. Guay Of Bedford, Massachusetts, To Be A Member Of The Board Of Regents For Higher Education.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Martin C. Guay Of Bedford, Massachusetts, To Be A Member Of The Board Of Regents For Higher Education.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Kenneth A. Hampton Of Berlin To Be A Member Of The State Board Of Labor Relations.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Kenneth A. Hampton Of Berlin To Be A Member Of The State Board Of Labor Relations.
In 2024, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Craig Miner Of Litchfield To Be An Auditor Of Public Accounts.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Craig Miner Of Litchfield To Be An Auditor Of Public Accounts.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Resources And Support Services For Persons With An Intellectual Or Developmental Disability.. Description: To (1) evaluate and implement best practices for expanding employment and transportation opportunities for persons with an intellectual or developmental disability, (2) ameliorate waiting lists for Medicaid waiver program services for such persons, (3) establish an emergency services alert system to help locate such persons when they are reported missing, (4) provide funding for a voluntary registration system for such persons for public safety purposes, (5) increase income and asset limits for medical assistance for such persons, (6) evaluate changing a statutory definition associated with such persons and Intelligence Quotient criteria for such persons, (7) establish a career pipeline for behavioral health and human services positions to ensure an adequate number of providers to serve such persons, and (8) establish a bill of rights for such persons.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Certain Revisions To The Education Statutes.. Description: To make revisions to how public education is funded in the state.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Implementing Early Voting.. Description: To (1) establish early voting beginning in 2023 for certain elections and beginning in 2024 for certain primaries, special elections and referenda, (2) establish the number of days and hours of, and implement procedures for the conduct of, such early voting, (3) provide for same-day election and same-day primary registrations during periods of early voting, (4) make conforming changes to deadlines for the performance of certain duties prior to an election or primary, and (5) require the Secretary of the State to undertake efforts to educate the public about early voting and train registrars of voters regarding the administration of early voting.
In 2023, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Fees For Veterans' Specialty License Plates.. Description: To provide certain veterans' specialty license plates to veterans for no cost.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Exempting From Licensing Requirements Certain Child Care Services For Children Of Members Of The United States Military.. Description: To exempt from licensing requirements certain child care services administered by the federal government, on federal property or for the benefit of military families.
In 2023, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Veterans And The Passport To The Parks Motor Vehicle Registration Fee.. Description: To exempt veterans from payment of the Passport to the Parks motor vehicle registration fee.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Prohibiting Public Institutions Of Higher Education From Receiving Money For Soliciting Students To Gamble Online.. Description: To prohibit public institutions of higher education from receiving money or profiting from directly soliciting students to gamble online.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Consumer Agreements, Consumer Bills, Telecommunications And Ticketing.. Description: To: (1) Require any business that enters into a consumer agreement that contains an automatic renewal or continuous services provision to provide various consumer notices, and enable any consumer who enters into such an agreement online to terminate such agreement online; (2) require certain persons doing business in this state to provide bills to certain consumers in paper form; and (3) provide that certain persons doing business in this state shall not impose any charge or fee for providing bills to consumers in paper form.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Online Building Permit Applications.. Description: To allow municipalities to accept online building permit applications.
In 2023, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Authorizing Certain Municipalities To Establish Traffic Authorities.. Description: To authorize certain municipalities to establish traffic authorities.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Firearm Incident Reports And A Task Force On Recruitment And Retention Of Police Officers.. Description: To require police officers to provide firearm incident reports and the Department of Emergency Services and Public Protection to annually report on such incident reports.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Clinical Placements For Nursing Students, Reporting By The Office Of Workforce Strategy, Promotion Of The Development Of The Insurance Industry And Connecticut Higher Education Supplemental Loan Authority Student Loan Subsidy Programs For Various Professions.. Description: To (1) establish a working group to develop a plan to establish clinical placements at state facilities for nursing students at public institutions of higher education, (2) allow a tax credit for nursing preceptors, (3) require the development of a plan for establishing a registered apprenticeship program for teachers, (4) require the Insurance Commissioner to promote development of the insurance industry, and (5) require the establishment of Student Loan Subsidy Program for high-demand professions.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Including The United States Space Force In References To The United States Armed Forces.. Description: To include the United States Space Force in the definition of "armed forces".
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Requiring The Department Of Agriculture To Revise Municipal Animal Shelter Regulations.. Description: To adhere to best practices relating to animal shelter operations by requiring municipal regulations to comport with state-mandated regulations for private shelters.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Certain Solar Photovoltaic Facilities Located On Prime Farmland, Farmland Of State-wide Importance Or Core Forest Lands.. Description: To enable the restoration of farmlands that host certain solar projects to production agricultural condition.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Establishing A Task Force To Study The State's Hydropower Assets.. Description: To study hydropower assets in the state and their benefits.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Notification Of Utility Service Terminations At Certain Rental Properties.. Description: To enable property owners to protect their leased property from damage caused by a utility disconnection.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Notice Of A Proposed Involuntary Transfer Or Discharge Of A Nursing Facility Resident, Family Councils In Managed Residential Communities, Coordination Of Dementia Services, Nursing Home Transparency And Homemaker-companion Agencies.. Description: To study the needs of senior citizens in the state in order to ensure the allocation of adequate resources.
In 2023, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Establishing A Task Force To Study Mandatory Public Comment Periods At Public Agency Meetings.. Description: To require public comment periods at all public agency meetings.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning A Study Of State Marshals' Health Benefits.. Description: To require the State Marshal Commission to study state marshals' health benefits.
In 2023, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Employment Of Individuals In Agricultural Labor.. Description: To amend the definition of employment for individuals working in agricultural labor.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Requiring Food Allergy Awareness In Restaurants.. Description: To develop guidelines for restaurants, customers and health departments on the best practices of managing food allergens.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Implementing The Recommendations Of The Vision Zero Council.. Description: To implement the recommendations of the Vision Zero Council.
In 2023, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Establishing A Personal Income Tax Deduction For Military Funeral Honor Guard Detail Compensation.. Description: To establish a personal income tax deduction for compensation received as a result of participation in military funeral honor guard details.
In 2023, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Establishing A Process For The Addition Of Statues To The State Capitol Building, A Plan For Signage Around Said Building And A State Historical Commission.. Description: To develop a process for identifying and commissioning additional statues for the exterior of the State Capitol building that reflect the diversity of the state and to establish the State Historical Commission.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Tuition Waivers For Graduate Degree Programs At Public Institutions Of Higher Education.. Description: To ensure that tuition waivers at public institutions of higher education include graduate degree programs.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Farm Winery Permittees.. Description: To provide that not less than twenty-five per cent of a farm winery permittee's total annual wine and brandy ingredients shall be grown in this state.
In 2023, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Purchase Of Print And Digital Advertising By The State.. Description: To require the Department of Administrative Services to award more state contracts for print and digital advertising to nonprofit entities and Connecticut-owned media outlet entities.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Establishing A Green Jobs Corps Program.. Description: To establish a green jobs corps program to outline a talent development strategy, help communities respond to climate change and reduce carbon emissions.
In 2023, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Zero-carbon Emissions.. Description: To create policies and accountability for reaching the state's carbon-reduction goals.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Certain Harvesting Of Horseshoe Crabs.. Description: To prohibit the hand-harvesting of horseshoe crabs.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Climate Resiliency Funds And Projects.. Description: To authorize the Treasurer to invest funds on behalf of municipalities that establish Coastal Resiliency Reserve Funds and to require the Department of Energy and Environmental Protection to maximize the state's receipt of federal funds for climate resiliency projects undertaken by the state and municipalities.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Establishing A Working Group On The Restoration Of Eel Grass.. Description: To establish a working group to identify ways to restore eel grass along the state's shoreline.
In 2023, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Intentional Release Of Certain Balloons.. Description: To prohibt the release of helium and lighter-than-air balloons.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Extended Producer Responsibility For Tires.. Description: To establish extended producer responsibility for tires.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Retiree Members Of The Teachers' Retirement Board.. Description: To increase the number of retired teachers on the Teachers' Retirement Board from two to four.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Department Of Consumer Protection's Recommendations Regarding Alcoholic Liquor Regulation.. Description: To: (1) Authorize (A) alcoholic liquor manufacturers to enter into alternating proprietorship agreements, and (B) certain liquor permittees to enter into contract manufacturing agreements; (2) establish temporary auction permits; (3) provide that a permitted manufacturer of spirits or beer that also holds a farmers' market sales permit may sell, and offer free tastings of, its spirits or beer at a farmers' market operated as a nonprofit enterprise or association; (4) expand the off-site farm winery sales and wine, cider and mead tasting permit to include additional liquor permittees; (5) eliminate the sunset date concerning the period during which certain liquor permittees may sell liquor in sealed containers for off-premises consumption; (6) replace temporary beer and liquor permits with a temporary liquor permit for noncommercial entities; (7) authorize the Department of Consumer Protection to issue farmers' market sales permits to spirits manufacturers; (8) authorize certain liquor manufacturers that hold out-of-state shipper's permits for beer to engage in additional sales and shipping activities under festival permits; (9) provide that no person who assists an applicant, backer or liquor permittee in submitting an application for a liquor permit shall submit, or cause to be submitted, any false statement in connection with such application, or engage in any conduct which delays or impedes the Department of Consumer Protection in processing such application, provide that submitting any such statement or engaging in any such conduct shall constitute an unfair or deceptive trade practice within the meaning of the Connecticut Unfair Trade Practices Act and authorize the Commissioner of Consumer Protection to impose civil penalties on any person who submits any such statement or engages in any such conduct; (10) provide that a liquor permittee shall be a director, employee, member, officer, partner or shareholder of its backer; (11) provide that the department may summarily suspend a renewed liquor permit if the liquor permittee fails to timely submit a fire marshal certificate to the department; (12) subject beer manufacturers to beer keg identification, receipt and refund requirements; (13) eliminate special club, charitable organization, nonprofit public television corporation and nonprofit corporation permits; and (14) make minor, technical and conforming changes to the Liquor Control Act.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Modification Of And Repealing Obsolete Provisions And Statutes Relevant To The Labor Department.. Description: To implement the recommendations of the Labor Department by modifying and repealing obsolete provisions and statutes relevant to the Labor Department.
In 2023, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Connecticut Retirement Security Program.. Description: To implement the recommendations of the Comptroller concerning the administration of the Connecticut Retirement Security Program.
In 2023, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Volunteer Fire Departments And Ambulance Companies And The Definition Of Employer Under The State Occupational Safety And Health Act.. Description: To ensure volunteer fire departments and ambulance companies are considered under CONN-OSHA jurisdiction.
In 2023, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Property Tax Abatement For Certain First-time Home Buyers.. Description: To authorize municipalities to abate up to five hundred dollars per assessment year of property taxes for certain first-time homebuyers who obtain a loan from the Connecticut Housing Finance Authority.
In 2023, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Establishing A Task Force For The Protection Of Youth And Intramural And Interscholastic Athletes.. Description: To establish a task force to study injury prevention practices and safety protocols in youth sports leagues and intramural and interscholastic athletics.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Plan Of The Board Of Regents For Higher Education Concerning The Number Of Child Care Centers Near Campuses.. Description: To extend the deadline by which the Board of Regent's for Higher Education is required to submit a plan to increase the number and improve the quality of child care centers near campuses and to include additional requirements for such plan.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Reporting For The Debt-free Community College Program.. Description: To postpone the fall semester reporting deadline required under the debt-free community college program from October first to November first annually.
In 2023, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Requiring Public Institutions Of Higher Education To Establish A Policy Regarding Freedom Of Expression On Campus.. Description: To require public institutions of higher education to establish a policy regarding freedom of expression on campus.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Minimum Age To Be Eligible To Marry.. Description: To require that a person be not less than eighteen years of age to be eligible to marry.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Damages To Person Or Property Caused By The Negligent Operation Of A Motor Vehicle Owned By A Political Subdivision Of The State.. Description: To provide that governmental immunity is not a defense in a civil action for damages to person or property caused by the negligent operation of a motor vehicle owned by a political subdivision of the state.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Access To Diaper Changing Tables In Public Buildings And Places Of Public Accommodation.. Description: To require the revision of the State Building Code to require baby diaper changing tables in certain new construction or substantial renovation projects.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Revising Requirements For The Affidavit Related To Smoke And Carbon Monoxide Detectors In Residential Buildings.. Description: To revise requirements of the smoke and carbon monoxide detector affidavit.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning A Study To Promote Workforce Development Using The Global Entrepreneur In Residence Program As A Model.. Description: To establish a working group to conduct a study and make recommendations regarding the feasibility of leveraging the H1-B visa cap exemption process to fill high-value job openings and promote workforce development, using the Global Entrepreneur In Residence program as a model.
In 2023, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning A Task Force To Study Medicaid Coverage Of Diapers And Other Health-related Social Needs.. Description: To provide Medicaid coverage, to the extent permissible under federal law, for diapers.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Certain Protections For Group And Family Child Care Homes.. Description: To (1) clarify and enforce protections for licensed group child care homes and licensed family child care homes, (2) prevent landlords from placing restrictions on the operation of licensed group child care homes and licensed family child care homes, and (3) provide certain protections to landlords when their property is utilized by operators of licensed group child care homes and licensed family child care homes.
In 2023, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Intimate Partner Violence And Other Domestic Violence.. Description: To combat intimate partner violence and other domestic violence.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning A Reduction In Duplicative Health Inspections.. Description: To reduce duplicative health inspections.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Nighttime Lighting Of State-owned Buildings At Certain Times For The Protection Of Birds.. Description: To require state-owned and leased buildings to turn off nonessential outdoor lighting during peak avian migration periods in order to assist in preventing birds from flying into the sides of such buildings.
In 2023, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Debit Cards And Cash Discounts For Gasoline Purchases.. Description: To: (1) Provide that no gasoline retailer may offer a discount to induce a buyer to purchase gasoline with cash unless such gasoline retailer also offers such discount to a buyer who purchases gasoline with a debit card; and (2) require certain gasoline retailers to publicly display and maintain any signs the Commissioner of Consumer Protection requires to inform the public that, if a discount is offered to a buyer who purchases gasoline with cash, any payment for gasoline by debit card shall be processed at the cash price per gallon.
In 2023, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Dog Racing.. Description: To eliminate various provisions concerning dog racing in this state.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Renewal Of Surplus Lines Insurance Policies.. Description: To exclude the signed statement requirement for a licensee who renews a policy with an unauthorized insurer.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Certification Or Accreditation Requirement Deadlines For A Law Enforcement Unit That Serves A Municipality And Consists Solely Of Constables Or Resident State Troopers.. Description: To delay, by one year, certification or accreditation requirements for a law enforcement unit that serves a municipality and consists solely of constables or resident state troopers.
In 2023, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Requiring A Memorandum Of Understanding Between The Commissioner Of Emergency Services And Public Protection And Central Connecticut State University For Police Detective And Other Training.. Description: To require a memorandum of understanding between the Commissioner of Emergency Services and Public Protection and Central Connecticut State University regarding the development of a forensic science laboratory and training programs aimed at detectives and other police officers.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Common Interest Ownership Act.. Description: To specify that the provision of a notice required under the Common Interest Ownership Act shall not be deemed to constitute a violation of, or give rise to liability under, certain debt collection statutes.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Affordable Homeownership Opportunities.. Description: To allow the Commissioner of Housing to consider affordable homeownership opportunities as an exemption from the prohibition against selling, demolishing or otherwise disposing of housing authority projects.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Revising The State's Antidiscrimination Statutes.. Description: To provide consistency in the listing of protected classes in the state's antidiscrimination statutes and revise the statutory definition of "sexual orientation".
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Ensuring Timely Scheduling Of Temporary Financial Support Hearings In Divorce And Custody Proceedings.. Description: To ensure timely scheduling of temporary financial support hearings in divorce and custody proceedings.
In 2023, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Home Visits And Evaluations By The Commissioner Of Children And Families.. Description: To prohibit home visits and evaluations by the Commissioner of Children and Families by telephonic, video or other conferencing platform in certain circumstances.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning A Title Ix Compliance Toolkit For School Districts.. Description: To identify or develop a federal Title IX compliance toolkit to assist school districts in properly implementing state and federal laws regarding the prevention, identification and response to adult sexual misconduct.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Insurance Coverage For The Provision Of Mental Health Wellness Examinations.. Description: To authorize Medicaid reimbursement for suicide risk assessments and other mental health evaluations and services conducted at school-based health centers and public schools, and to eliminate the requirement that a mental health wellness examination be conducted by a primary care provider for purposes of insurance coverage.
In 2023, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Requiring Parental Notification Of Certain Events By Facilities Providing Inpatient Psychiatric, Behavioral Health And Substance Abuse Treatment Services To Children.. Description: To require inpatient psychiatric and behavioral health treatment facilities licensed by the Department of Children and Families and the Department of Public Health to notify parents and guardians of children receiving treatment in such facilities of certain circumstances and events in and concerning such facilities.
In 2023, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The State Plan Of Conservation And Development.. Description: To amend certain requirements concerning the state plan of conservation and development.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Establishing A Task Force To Study The Online Recording, Indexing And Searching Of Municipal Land Records And Maps.. Description: To require the Secretary of the Office of Policy and Management to (1) establish a commission for the online recording, indexing and searching of municipal land records and maps, and (2) create and maintain an online database for the recording, indexing and searching of municipal land records and maps.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Establishing A Task Force To Study The Impact Of Unclaimed Or Abandoned Real Property On Municipalities.. Description: To require the Office of Policy and Management to establish a working group to study the consequences of unclaimed or abandoned real property on the municipalities in which such property is located.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Legislative Commissioners' Recommendations For Technical Revisions To Statutes Concerning Planning And Development.. Description: To make minor and technical revisions to statutes concerning planning and development.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Permitting Email Notices Of The Expiration Of Certain Firearm Permits And Certificates And Security Officer Licenses.. Description: To permit the Department of Emergency Services and Public Protection to provide email notice to the holder of a permit to carry a pistol or revolver, an eligibility certificate for a pistol or revolver, an eligibility certificate for a long gun or a security officer license about the expiration of such permit, certificate or license.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Management Of Solid Waste And Establishing The Mira Dissolution Authority.. Description: To implement the Governor's budget recommendations.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Addressing Gun Violence.. Description: To implement the Governor's budget recommendations.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Protecting Patients And Prohibiting Unnecessary Health Care Costs.. Description: To implement the Governor's budget recommendations.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Studying The Consolidation Of Metropolitan Planning Organizations.. Description: To implement the Governor's budget recommendations.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Funding For School Lunches And A Center For Sustainable Aviation, Special Education Funding, Certain Bottle Deposits, Certain State Positions And The Posting Of State Job Openings And Bond Covenant Restrictions And The Budget Reserve Fund.. Description: An Act Concerning Funding For School Lunches And A Center For Sustainable Aviation, Special Education Funding, Certain Bottle Deposits, Certain State Positions And The Posting Of State Job Openings And Bond Covenant Restrictions And The Budget Reserve Fund.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Endometriosis.. Description: To require school nurses to receive training regarding endometriosis and establish an endometriosis data and biorepository program.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Adult Day Centers.. Description: To (1) require the Commissioner of Social Services to develop a plan to increase the number of persons eligible to receive adult day services under the Connecticut home-care program for the elderly, (2) increase the fee schedule effective July 1, 2023, for adult day care services by ten per cent over the fee schedule for adult day care services for the previous fiscal year, and (3) authorize the Commissioner of Social Services to amend the Medicaid state plan to add the Program of All-Inclusive Care for the Elderly.
In 2023, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Nursing Home Transparency.. Description: To require (1) transparent cost reporting by nursing homes, and (2) disclosure of private equity ownership by applicants for nursing home licensure.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Mortgages, The Residential Heating Equipment Financing Program, The Connecticut Housing Finance Authority And Mobile Manufactured Homes.. Description: To require the Department of Banking to study issues concerning financial transactions.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning A Connecticut Higher Education Supplemental Loan Authority Refinance Loan Subsidy For Certain Health Care Professionals.. Description: To establish student loan subsidies for certain health care professionals.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Credit Card Access To Home Equity Lines Of Credit.. Description: To allow credit card access to home equity lines of credit.
In 2023, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Cannabis Cultivation, Dispensary Facility And Hybrid Retailer Relocation And Equity Joint Ventures.. Description: To establish a task force to study consumer protection in this state.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Cannabis Regulation.. Description: To: (1) Define "edible cannabis product"; (2) establish off-site event permits for retailers and hybrid retailers of adult-use cannabis; (3) redefine "bona fide labor organization"; (4) transfer certain duties concerning labor peace agreements to the Labor Department; (5) require the Commissioner of Consumer Protection to adopt certain regulations concerning cannabis labeling and packaging; (6) expand the permitted activities of product packagers; (7) provide that a delivery service that employs twelve or more individuals to deliver cannabis may only use individuals employed on a full-time basis to deliver cannabis; (8) establish an Office of the Cannabis Ombudsman; and (9) establish a task force to study the potential impact of authorizing individuals who are authorized to cultivate cannabis in their residences to sell, at retail, such cannabis at events organized, at least in part, to facilitate such sales.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Hemp, The Adult-use Cannabis Market And Weather Disaster Relief.. Description: To: (1) Enable a licensed hemp producer to seek a cultivator or micro-cultivator license from the Department of Consumer Protection and, if the hemp producer receives a cultivator or micro-cultivator license, participate in the state's adult-use cannabis market; and (2) authorize sales of manufacturer hemp products in additional licensed facilities.
In 2023, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Mandated Health Insurance Benefit Review.. Description: To revise the manner in which mandated health insurance benefit reviews are performed and the content of such reviews prior to passage.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Department Of Consumer Protection's Recommendations Regarding Licensing And Enforcement.. Description: To implement the Department of Consumer Protection's recommendations concerning licensing and enforcement.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Cruelty To Animals.. Description: To (1) redefine the crime of sexual contact with an animal, (2) require that veterinarians report suspected incidents of animal cruelty, and (3) prohibit persons convicted of animal cruelty or having sexual contact with an animal from possessing or working with animals for a period of five years from the date of conviction or release from imprisonment for the offense, whichever is later.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Safe Storage And Disposal Of Certain Prescription Drugs, Illegal Drugs And Cannabis And Cannabis Products.. Description: To require the (1) printing of statements directing consumers to information concerning the safe storage and disposal of prescription drugs, cannabis and cannabis products on containers, packaging or receipts for such items, and (2) Department of Consumer Protection to develop and administer a public awareness campaign concerning the safe storage and disposal of such items.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Workers' Compensation And Portal-to-portal Coverage For Telecommunicators.. Description: To provide emergency dispatchers with portal-to-portal workers' compensation coverage.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Police Assistance Agreements And Requests For Aid.. Description: To revise provisions related to police assistance agreements and requests for aid.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Revising Certain Farming And Aquaculture Programs Of The Department Of Agriculture.. Description: To (1) fund the development of climate resiliency plans for farmers, (2) support small-scale aquaculture operations for shellfish, (3) reconstitute the Apple Marketing Board, (4) require direct-to-consumer egg producers to meet certain requirements for their eggs, (5) authorize alternate State Veterinarians, (6) revise the CT-Grown program, and (7) make other minor revisions to farming-related programs.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Regulation Of Livestock.. Description: To provide enhanced procedures concerning the regulation of livestock by the Department of Agriculture for the prevention and containment of contagious and infectious diseases and to authorize the regulation and inspection of rabbit producing and processing facilities that produce and process rabbits for consumption by household consumers, hotels and restaurants.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Department Of Mental Health And Addiction Services' Recommendations Regarding The Membership Of Various Advisory Boards And Councils.. Description: To (1) include persons with lived experience with a behavioral health disorder on (A) advisory boards for state-operated facilities for the treatment of persons with psychiatric disabilities or persons with substance use disorders, and (B) the Connecticut Valley Hospital Advisory Council, and (2) eliminate the Connecticut Mental Health Center Advisory Board.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Department Of Public Health's Recommendations Regarding Change In Ownership Of Health Care Facilities.. Description: To (1) expand the circumstances in which a change in ownership of a health care facility or institution requires approval by the Department of Public Health; and (2) establish an application process for the approval of changes in ownership of health care facilities and institutions.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Department Of Public Health's Recommendations Regarding Various Revisions To The Public Health Statutes.. Description: To implement the Department of Public Health's recommendations regarding various revisions to the public health statutes.
In 2023, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Decriminalization Of Possession Of Small Amounts Of Psilocybin.. Description: To decriminalize the possession of small amounts of psilocybin.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Establishing The Crime Of Harmful Communication With A Minor.. Description: To establish the crime of harmful communication with a minor.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Digital Assets.. Description: To: (1) Authorize the Banking Commissioner to adopt, amend and rescind regulations, forms and orders governing the business use of digital assets; (2) define "virtual currency address", "virtual currency kiosk" and "virtual currency wallet"; and (3) establish certain requirements applicable to owners or operators of virtual currency kiosks.
In 2023, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Compassionate Or Medical Parole And Credits Awarded For Release During An Emergency Declaration And Sentence Commutations By The Board Of Pardons And Paroles.. Description: To create a release panel for determinations of medical and compassionate release, modify standards used to determine when an inmate may be eligible for compassionate parole release and establish a system for credits to be awarded to inmates toward release from imprisonment in the time of an emergency declaration.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Improving The Safety Of Health Care Providers And Patients.. Description: To improve the safety of health care providers, hospital staff and patients in the state.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Wrong-way Driving Detection And Prevention.. Description: To require (1) the Department of Transportation to expand efforts to implement wrong-way driving countermeasures, and (2) driver's education programs to include instruction concerning ways to reduce wrong-way driving incidents and actions to take when an operator encounters a motor vehicle being operated in the wrong direction.
In 2023, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Assignment Of Tax Liens.. Description: To (1) reduce the interest rate for certain municipal tax liens, and (2) provide that certain attorney's fees (A) may not be received, claimed or collected until commencement of a foreclosure action or a suit on the debt, and (B) shall not be more than fifteen per cent of the amount of any judgment.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Establishing An Advanced Manufacturing Education Center Working Group.. Description: To establish an advanced manufacturing technology center advisory group.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Establishing A Working Group To Study The State Historic Preservation Officer's Role In Administering Certain Historic Preservation Review Processes.. Description: To establish a procedure for appeals of determinations made by the State Historic Preservation Officer.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Early Childhood Education, An Audit Of The State-wide Mastery Examination, The Establishment Of The Connecticut Civics Education And Media Literacy Task Force, The Provision Of Special Education, And A Bill Of Rights For Multilingual Learner Students.. Description: To require the Department of Education to study schools.
In 2023, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning A Solar Uniform Capacity Tax And Modifications To The State's Renewable Energy Programs.. Description: To (1) study the ramifications of directing electric distribution companies to recover the costs of transmission upgrades related to residential solar installations from all customers, (2) replace the property tax regime for solar installations above a certain size with a uniform capacity tax, (3) expand the zero-emissions, nonresidential renewable program and allow unused annual capacity in other programs to be allocated to this program, (4) redefine "low-income" in the shared clean energy facility program to align with the federal Inflation Reduction Act, and (5) study sites in the state suitable for new solar construction.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Department Of Consumer Protection's Recommendations Regarding Prescription Drug Regulation.. Description: To implement the Department of Consumer Protection's recommendations concerning prescription drug regulation.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Department Of Consumer Protection's Recommendations Regarding Real Estate Licensing And Enforcement.. Description: To implement the Department of Consumer Protection's recommendations concerning real estate licensees and enforcement.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Implementing The Recommendations Of The Connecticut Open Educational Resource Coordinating Council.. Description: To (1) redefine "open educational resource", (2) require the development of a model policy to adopt common definitions and data collection methods, (3) require a biennial, rather than annual, report concerning use of open educational resources, and (4) add a part-time staff position.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Examination Requirement For A Certified Public Accountant Certificate.. Description: To study postsecondary education in the state.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Mandated Reporters.. Description: To add additional mandated reporters of suspected abuse, abandonment, neglect or exploitation of elderly persons and make a technical statutory change.
In 2023, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Establishing A Task Force To Study A Housing Opportunities Tax Credit, A Task Force On Homelessness And A Task Force To Study The Implementation Of Rental Savings Accounts.. Description: To establish a task force to study a housing opportunities tax credit program for landlords that provides housing opportunities to formerly incarcerated individuals.
In 2023, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Notices Of Termination Of Health Care Contracts.. Description: To require notification to health carriers, participating providers and insureds regarding the termination of health care contracts between health carriers and health care providers.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Administration Of The Office Of The Claims Commissioner.. Description: To improve efficiencies in the administration of the Office of the Claims Commissioner.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Service Of Bank Executions, Wage Executions And Tax Warrants By State Marshals And Authorized Service Of Process By Indifferent Persons.. Description: To revise statutory provisions relating to (1) service of executions on financial institutions, (2) service of wage executions on employers, (3) authorized service of process by indifferent persons, and (4) the fees for service of tax warrants.
In 2023, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Modification Of Sentences For Certain Cannabis-related Offenses.. Description: To direct the Division of Criminal Justice to cease prosecution of any pending cannabis-related cases, if such activity being prosecuted has since been made legal, and to require review of sentences for cannabis-related offenses for purposes of potential modification.
In 2023, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Waiver Of Certain Criminal History Records Check Fees For An Indigent Person Seeking A Pardon.. Description: To allow (1) the result of a background check related to an application for a permit, license or other credential to be used when applying for another permit, license or other credential within five years, and (2) the waiver of certain criminal history records check fees for an indigent person who is seeking a pardon.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Making Technical Corrections To Public Safety Statutes And Repealing An Obsolete Statute.. Description: To make technical corrections and repeal an obsolete statute.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Interstate Agreements To Combat Catalytic Converter Thefts And A Task Force To Study The Laws Related To Catalytic Converters.. Description: To (1) authorize agreements with other states to establish a regional approach to combating catalytic converter thefts, (2) require new and used car dealers to mark the catalytic converters of motor vehicles they sell that are valued at more than ten thousand dollars, and (3) establish a task force to evaluate laws relating to catalytic converters.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Plans For The Treatment Of Workplace Injuries And Illnesses And Establishing Working Groups To Review Access To Medical Records And Partial Disability Payments Under The Workers' Compensation Act.. Description: To enhance the ability of injured employees to receive benefits and timely access to medical records under the Workers' Compensation Act.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Certain Producers Of Concrete Aggregate.. Description: To make a technical change in a statute concerning the joint performance of municipal functions.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Submission Of Income And Expense Information In Connection With The Assessment Of Income-producing Real Property.. Description: To (1) clarify the process for imposition of a penalty on owners of certain real property for failure to file certain information requested by the assessor, (2) allow for certain filings postmarked within the applicable filing period to be deemed timely, and (3) apply existing billing practices to tax bills issued such owners.
In 2023, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Solar Installations In Condominiums And Cooperatives.. Description: To prohibit condominiums or cooperatives from restricting the installation of certain solar power generating systems.
In 2023, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Authorizing The Deferral Of A Property Revaluation.. Description: To allow the town of Wethersfield to delay the revaluation of real property in such town by one year.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Issuance Of Local Capital Improvement Project Grants.. Description: To eliminate certain application and approval requirements concerning the issuance of local capital improvement project grants.
In 2023, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Financial Incentives For Certain Streamside Buffers And Training For Inland Wetland Commission Members.. Description: To incentivize the retention of vegetation along the state's rivers and streams for water quality and pollution control purposes.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Minor Revisions To The State's Authority To Regulate Certain Nuclear Materials.. Description: To make minor revisions to the statutes concerning sources of ionizing radiation and provide enforcement authority to impound violating radioactive sources.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Revisions To The Vessel Registration Aquatic Invasive Species Fee.. Description: To conform the application of the aquatic invasive species fee for vessels to the requirements of federal law and provide for a vessel Aquatic Invasive Species Decal.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Authorizing The Establishment Of A Seabird And Shorebird Protection Program.. Description: To grant authority for the designation and marking of seabird and shorebird protection areas along the state's coast.
In 2023, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Lactation Consultants.. Description: To define lactation consultants and require the Department of Public Health to publish a list of certified lactation consultants on its Internet web site.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Preventing An Adverse Action Against A Health Care Provider Due To An Adverse Action Taken By Another State As A Result Of Such Provider's Involvement In Providing Reproductive Health Care Services.. Description: To prevent (1) the Commissioners of Public Health and Consumer Protection, (2) health care institutions, and (3) medical malpractice insurers from taking any adverse action against a health care provider due to an adverse action taken by another state as a result of such provider's provision of reproductive health care services.
In 2023, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Certification Of And Casting Of Ballots By Presidential Electors, The Appearance Of Unfilled Vacancies In Candidacies On The Ballot And The Terms Of Municipal Elected Officials In Certain Municipalities.. Description: To (1) specify that the Secretary of the State is the state executive for purposes of certifying presidential electors under the federal Electoral Count Reform Act of 2022, and (2) move later by one day the required meeting of the presidential electors.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Liability For False And Fraudulent Claims.. Description: To expand the scope of the state's false claim statutes by removing the requirement that false claims be relative to a state-administered health or human services program.
In 2023, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Override Of Step Therapy For Certain Mental Health Conditions And Establishing A Task Force To Study Data Collection Efforts Regarding Step Therapy.. Description: To (1) allow providers to override step therapy for certain mental health conditions, and (2) establish a task force to study data collection efforts regarding step therapy.
In 2023, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Electronic Notifications To Insureds And Notices Of Termination Of Health Care Contracts.. Description: To require that health insurers that deliver, issue for delivery, renew, amend or continue certain health insurance policies in this state to allow insureds to elect to receive any insurance coverage documents by electronic means.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Various Revisions To The Public Health Statutes.. Description: To make various revisions to the public health statutes.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Temporary State Permits To Carry A Pistol Or Revolver Issued By Tribal Police Departments.. Description: To clarify a provision related to the ability of tribal police departments to issue temporary state permits to carry a pistol or revolver.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Expanding Membership Of The Police Officer Standards And Training Council.. Description: To (1) expand membership of the Police Officer Standards and Training Council, (2) revise the process to appeal a suspension, cancellation or revocation of certification by the council, (3) require guidelines on police interactions with the public without the use of body-worn recording equipment, and (4) require a report regarding police officer conduct that undermines public confidence in law enforcement.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning A Study Of The Effectiveness Of The Implementation Of Crisis Response Drills In Public Schools And Their Effect On Childrens Mental Health.. Description: To reduce the number and revise the manner in which crisis response drills are conducted in public schools in the state.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Implementing Recommendations Of The Hydrogen Task Force.. Description: To implement recommendations of the hydrogen task force.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Funding For Microgrids, Resilience And State Agency Building Decarbonization Projects.. Description: To (1) expand eligibility for the microgrid and resilience grant and loan pilot program, (2) permit available bond funds to be used for all program activities, and (3) permit up to four per cent of available bond funds to be used to cover the program's administrative costs.
In 2023, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Coordination Of Efforts To Address Food Insecurity And Establish Tax Incentives For The Location Of Grocery Stores In Food Deserts.. Description: To create the Office of the Food Access Advocate to provide for a centralized resource to address food insecurity in the state and provide tax incentives for the location of grocery stores in food deserts.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Establishing A Task Force To Study Minimum Standards For Timely Repair Of Complex Rehabilitation Technology.. Description: To study the efficacy of state Medicaid-funded programs and the need for expansion of such programs.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Issuance Of An Identity Card Or Motor Vehicle Operator's License To A Person Being Discharged From A Correctional Facility.. Description: To ensure that a person being discharged from a correctional facility has the ability to obtain a state identification card or a motor vehicle operator's license at the time of discharge from such facility.
In 2023, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning An Assessment Of The Updating Of State Forms And Applications To Include A Nonbinary Gender Option.. Description: To require state agencies to update state forms and applications to include a nonbinary gender option.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Retrieval By Town Clerks Of Absentee Ballots In Drop Boxes.. Description: To allow town clerks to retrieve absentee ballots from drop boxes beginning the first day absentee voting sets are issued.
In 2023, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Election Recanvass Procedures.. Description: To (1) require that at least one voting tabulator be used in each voting district, (2) require the Secretary of the State to develop and distribute an instructional training video on recanvass procedures, (3) allow recanvasses to be conducted five business days after moderators submit duplicate lists to the Secretary, (4) prohibit recanvasses from commencing later than twelve o'clock noon on any such day, and (5) provide that party representatives present at recanvasses have a right to view each recanvassed ballot so as to be able to discern the markings on such ballot.
In 2023, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Faithless Presidential Electors And Authorizing Mandamus Actions Related To The Certification Or Declaration Of Election Results.. Description: To (1) nullify the vote of, remove, replace and impose certain penalties upon faithless presidential electors, and (2) allow for mandamus actions to be brought in the Supreme Court to compel certain officers to comply with laws relating to certification or declaration of election results.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Requiring The Police Officer Standards And Training Council To Develop And Promulgate A Model Policy Requiring The Use Of A Seat Safety Belt For Any Person Who Is Being Transported In A Municipal Police Vehicle.. Description: To require the Police Officer Standards and Training Council to develop and promulgate a model policy requiring the use of a seat safety belt for any person who is being transported in a municipal police vehicle and create a process for addressing an alleged violation of such policy.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Judicial Branch Operations, The Sharing Of Judicial Branch Records And The Award Of Damages In Certain Civil Matters.. Description: To: (1) Eliminate the requirement that the parties to a dissolution or legal separation action wait ninety days after the return date before proceeding on such action, (2) expand access to juvenile and youthful offender proceedings to the next of kin of victims, (3) specify that information obtained and results of the risk and behavioral health screening shall be used for the purpose of identifying appropriate treatment and interventions for a child, (4) require the Victim Services Unit within the Department of Correction to inform a crime victim, who is registered with said unit, of the Board of Pardons and Paroles intent to consider terminating the period of special parole that was imposed on the person committing the crime, (5) include enhanced penalties for assaults on Judicial Branch personnel providing post-conviction secure detention and programming services to juveniles adjudicated of a delinquent act, (6) remove obsolete statutory references to "family with service needs", (7) revise statutes relating to the sharing of certain Judicial Branch records, (8) address the award of damages in certain employment related matters, (9) establish the crime of intimidating a judge or family support magistrate, (10) repeal obsolete statutes concerning messengers employed by the Judicial Branch, (11) change the name of the judicial district of Fairfield to the judicial district of Bridgeport, and (12) make technical and conforming statutory changes.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Risk Protection Orders Or Warrants And Disqualifiers For Firearm Permits And Eligibility Certificates Based On Temporary Commitment Under A Physician's Emergency Certification.. Description: To allow a single police officer to apply for an application for a risk protection order if such order does not include a search and seizure warrant, and add temporary commitments under physicians' emergency certifications to any registry of admissions for patients with psychiatric disabilities that is maintained by the Department of Mental Health and Addiction Services and reviewed for purposes of determining the suitability of a person to purchase or possess a firearm.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Teachers And Paraeducators.. Description: To (1) require boards of education to post online curriculum materials and the nutrition value of school meals, (2) allow all minor parents to request enrollment in adult education, (3) allow public schools to serve whole milk, (4) study the implementation of a state-wide virtual school for children with medical conditions or who are unvaccinated, (5) study the fiscal impact of school voucher programs, (6) increase lunch time for students from twenty minutes to thirty minutes, (7) require the posting of a meeting agenda and any associated documents on the board of education's web site, and (8) require the Commissioner of Education to appoint a parent advisory group and a teacher advisory group.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Education Mandate Relief And Other Technical And Assorted Revisions And Additions To The Education And Early Childhood Education Statutes.. Description: To (1) require the Department of Education to conduct a review of the education laws every two years to identify obsolete and duplicative mandates on the department and boards of education; (2) establish the Education Mandates Review Task Force to review and make recommendations concerning the repeal of or amendment to education mandates that are overly burdensome; (3) align existing in-service training requirements concerning school violence prevention training with those required under school security and safety plans; and (4) eliminate the completion of a capstone project as part of the high school graduation requirements.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Juvenile Justice.. Description: To implement various juvenile justice policy changes, including (1) expansion of the community-based diversion system, (2) expansion of the use of automatic prearrest diversion of children, (3) expansion of the membership of the Juvenile Justice Policy and Oversight Committee to include new members and funding for stipends for such members for childcare and transportation costs incurred due to their service on the committee, (4) development, implementation and funding for a comprehensive commissary implementation plan, (5) development of a reentry success plan, (6) full implementation of the plan to transition any person under eighteen years of age from the care and custody of the Department of Correction to the care and custody of the Judicial Branch, and (7) expansion of the Alvin W. Penn Racial Profiling Prohibition Act to address pedestrian stops.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Electronic Payment Of Municipal Taxes.. Description: To allow municipalities to accept property tax payments by electronic payment services.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Municipal Blight Ordinances And The Fine For Littering.. Description: To (1) remove the municipal population threshold for certain parties to petition the Superior Court for the appointment of a receiver for a blighted and abandoned property, (2) allow municipalities to enact blight ordinances concerning both residential and commercial real property, (3) increase the permissible fines for blight ordinance violations, (4) increase the fine for littering to five hundred dollars, (5) reduce notice requirements to lienors when a municipality remediates certain code violations, and (6) remove certain blight violations from the infractions list.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Firearms And Street Takeovers.. Description: To require a study of the criminal laws of this state.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Expenditure Of Funds From The Juul Labs Settlement.. Description: To require the Attorney General to report on the expenditure of funds from the Juul Labs settlement.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Access By The Legislative Office Of Fiscal Analysis To Certain Education Data.. Description: To allow the legislative Office of Fiscal Analysis to access certain education data.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Transforming Children's Behavioral Health Policy And Planning Committee.. Description: To change the name of the committee to reference children and to change the committee chair appointments.
In 2023, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning A Student Loan Reimbursement Program.. Description: To establish a loan reimbursement pilot program for Connecticut residents in certain professions who graduated from a state college or university.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Oversight Of And Requirements For Certain Contracts Of The Connecticut Port Authority.. Description: To prohibit construction managers on a quasi-public agency project from self-performing work on such project and to prohibit quasi-public agencies from entering into contracts or agreements for success fees.
In 2023, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Presidential Preference Primaries And Deadlines For Minor Party Nominations.. Description: To move up (1) the date of the presidential preference primary in years when the President of the United States is to be elected, and (2) the deadline for minor parties to certify their nominations.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning State Agency Communications Relevant To The Latin American Community.. Description: To require state agencies to solicit feedback from members of a community before using terminology to describe such community.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Use Of Funds In The Opioid And Tobacco Settlement Funds And Funds Received By The State As Part Of Any Settlement Agreement With A Manufacturer Of Electronic Nicotine Delivery System And Vapor Products.. Description: To make various revisions to the statutes concerning the use of funds in the opioid and tobacco settlement funds and funds received by the state as part of any settlement agreement with a manufacturer of electronic nicotine delivery system and vapor products.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Various Revisions To The Criminal Law And Criminal Justice Statutes.. Description: To make various revisions to the criminal law and criminal justice statutes.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Erasure Of Criminal History Records.. Description: To update and make technical and clarifying changes to the criminal history records erasure statutes and clarify liability issues concerning failure to erase criminal history records.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Revisions To The Municipal Employees' Retirement System, A Deferred Retirement Option For Participating Members And The Development Of Best Practices For Governance Structures Of Municipal Retirement Plans.. Description: To (1) require municipalities to provide certain information to the Comptroller regarding their retirement plans and governance structures for such plans, and (2) require the development of best practices and training resources to assist municipalities to implement or improve their governance structures for such plans.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Conveying Parcels Of State Land To The New Haven Port Authority.. Description: To convey parcels of state land in the city of New Haven to the New Haven Port Authority.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Amending A Conveyance Of State Land To The New Haven Port Authority.. Description: To amend the property description and cost of a prior conveyance of state land to the New Haven Port Authority.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Conveying Parcels Of State Land To The City Of New Haven.. Description: To convey parcels of state land in the city of New Haven to the city of New Haven for economic development or municipal purposes.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Amending A Conveyance Of A Parcel Of State Land In The Town Of Fairfield.. Description: To amend a prior authorization for a conveyance of a parcel of state land to the town of Fairfield to allow a new use for said parcel.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The State Budget For The Biennium Ending June 30, 2025, And Making Appropriations Therefor, And Provisions Related To Revenue And Other Items Implementing The State Budget.. Description: An Act Concerning The State Budget For The Biennium Ending June 30, 2025, And Making Appropriations Therefor, And Provisions Related To Revenue And Other Items Implementing The State Budget.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Authorizing And Adjusting Bonds Of The State And Concerning Certain Grant And Financing Programs, State Construction Related Thresholds, School Construction Projects, The Failure To File For Certain Grand List Exemptions, The Validation Of Certain Actions Taken By Certain Municipalities, Capital City Projects, Certain Consumer Agreements, Certain Modifications To Municipal Charters And Petitions For Certain Town Referenda, Elections Administration And Campaign Finance, Certain Cases Before The Commission On Human Rights And Opportunities And Other Items Implementing The State Budget.. Description: An Act Authorizing And Adjusting Bonds Of The State And Concerning Certain Grant And Financing Programs, State Construction Related Thresholds, School Construction Projects, The Failure To File For Certain Grand List Exemptions, The Validation Of Certain Actions Taken By Certain Municipalities, Capital City Projects, Certain Consumer Agreements, Certain Modifications To Municipal Charters And Petitions For Certain Town Referenda, Elections Administration And Campaign Finance, Certain Cases Before The Commission On Human Rights And Opportunities And Other Items Implementing The State Budget.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Administration Of Epinephrine By Emergency Medical Services Personnel And Provisions Related To Elections.. Description: An Act Concerning The Administration Of Epinephrine By Emergency Medical Services Personnel And Provisions Related To Elections.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Transparency In Education.. Description: To provide equal and comprehensive access to education and academic opportunities for all children in Connecticut.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Mental, Physical And Emotional Wellness Of Children.. Description: To improve access to mental, physical and emotional health services for children and provide a continuum of care in the delivery of such services.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Online Privacy, Data And Safety Protections.. Description: To (1) Establish standards concerning the provision of access to, and sharing of, consumer health data; (2) prohibit geofencing of certain health data; (3) establish additional requirements concerning minors' personal data and social media platform accounts; (4) revise disclosure requirements relating to warrants directed to providers of electronic communication services and remote computing services; (5) establish a duty of care owed by online dating operators to users relating to potential criminal activity of other users; (6) codify in statute the existence and prescribed duties of the Connecticut Internet Crimes Against Children Task Force; and (7) require employers to disclose known instances of sexual harassment and assault when making employment recommendations relating to former employees.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Strengthening The Protections Against And Response To Domestic Violence.. Description: To provide greater protections for and enhanced responses to individuals involved in domestic and intimate partner violence.
In 2023, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Utilization Review And Health Care Contracts, Health Insurance Coverage For Newborns And Step Therapy.. Description: To: (1) Establish a utilization review exemption standard for certain participating providers; (2) require that each health carrier process utilization review requests more efficiently; (3) require that each health carrier develop an electronic prior authorization process; (4) extend the time period within which an insured shall provide notice of the birth of a newborn and pay any required premium or subscription fee to continue the newborn's coverage beyond such period; (5) prohibit health carriers from requiring the use of step therapy for drugs prescribed to treat behavioral health conditions or chronic, disabling or life-threatening conditions or diseases; and (6) to prohibit health carriers from requiring utilization review of a health care service or prescription drug after it has been certified through utilization review.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Strengthening Protections For Connecticut's Consumers Of Energy.. Description: To promote a more equitable and transparent energy market that works in the best interest of Connecticut's consumers of energy.
In 2023, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Higher Education Affordability And Graduate Retention.. Description: To (1) extend the debt-free community college program to returning students, (2) increase the amount of minimum grants under the debt-free community college program, (3) reallocate ARPA funds under the Roberta B. Willis Scholarship program to the Connecticut State University System, (4) require the Connecticut Higher Education Supplemental Loan Authority to establish a Student Loan Subsidy Program to reduce the interest rate on authority loans to individuals employed in certain high-demand professions, and (5) provide a tax deduction to residents of the state who paid interest on student loans during the taxable year.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Health And Wellness For Connecticut Residents.. Description: To equalize access to physical, mental and behavioral health care in the state and to strengthen the state's response to the fentanyl and opioid epidemic.
In 2023, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Prohibiting Employers From Requiring An Employment Promissory Note As A Condition Of Employment.. Description: To prohibit all employers from requiring an employment promissory note as a condition of employment.
In 2023, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Federal Veterans' Benefits And Income Eligibility Determinations For Certain Public Assistance Programs.. Description: To disregard federal veterans' benefits from income eligibility determinations for certain public assistance programs.
In 2023, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Shortage Of Certain Drugs Prescribed To Treat Type Ii Diabetes.. Description: To provide that the Commissioner of Consumer Protection shall adopt regulations to ensure that there is a sufficient supply of dulaglutide and semaglutide to treat patients in this state who have been diagnosed with type II diabetes.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Establishing An Account In The General Fund To Provide Grants To Towns That Need Pfas Testing And Remediation.. Description: To provide municipalities with needed resources to test for and remediate PFAS contamination on town-owned properties and to assist residential homeowners impacted by such contamination.
In 2023, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Protection Of Warehouse Workers.. Description: To create protections for warehouse workers against unreasonable quotas.
In 2023, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Expenditures From The Healthy Homes Fund.. Description: To allow for grants-in-aid to certain condominium associations in Hamden for the purpose of repairing damaged foundations.
In 2023, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Allowing Pharmacists To Prescribe Birth Control Medication.. Description: To allow increased access to birth control medication.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Employees' Loss Of Health Care Coverage As A Result Of A Labor Dispute.. Description: To protect employees' health by ensuring employees have access to health care coverage after losing coverage due to a labor dispute.
In 2023, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Acceptance Of Credit And Debit Cards For The Purchase Of Virtual Currency.. Description: To provide that credit and debit cards may be accepted for the purchase of virtual currency.
In 2023, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Requiring The Provision Of All-terrain Wheelchairs At State Parks.. Description: To provide all-terrain wheelchairs for use by the public at state parks.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Establishing A Task Force To Study Issues Relating To The Repeal Of The Motor Vehicle Property Tax.. Description: To eliminate the property tax on motor vehicles and replace resulting lost municipal revenue through the imposition of a tax on insurers on total direct net premiums from certain insurance policies.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Municipal Veterans Services.. Description: To implement several changes designed to improve the provision of municipal veterans services.
In 2023, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning A Fee Waiver At Public Institutions Of Higher Education For Certain Veterans And Members Of The National Guard.. Description: To waive the payment of extension fees for certain veterans and members of the National Guard enrolled at public institutions of higher education in this state.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Establishing A Working Group To Address Concerns Regarding The Upkeep Of Veterans' Graves.. Description: To expand existing procedures regarding credit for military training and experience, presently applied to certain trades regulated by the Department of Consumer Protection, to subsurface sewage disposal system work regulated by the Department of Public Health.
In 2023, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Establishing A Task Force To Study The Feasibility Of Developing A Multimodal Transportation Center In The Towns Of Stonington And Groton.. Description: To establish a task force to study the feasibility of developing a multimodal transportation center in the towns of Stonington and Groton.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Labor Department And Data Breaches.. Description: To require the Labor Commissioner to conduct a study on data breaches and false unemployment claims suffered by the Labor Department.
In 2023, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Renting Or Leasing Of Passenger Motor Vehicles.. Description: To prohibit a car rental company from (1) requiring an additional driver to provide a credit card to such company as a condition to renting a passenger motor vehicle, provided the lessee provides a credit card or debit card, and (2) recovering the loss of use of a rented vehicle from a lessee.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Additional Career Training Opportunities Offered By The Office Of Workforce Strategy.. Description: To require the Office of Workforce Strategy to: (1) Identify additional career training opportunities to expand the program established pursuant to section 4-124mm of the general statutes; (2) identify training providers to use for such additional career training opportunities; and (3) submit a report regarding the identification of such additional career training opportunities and training providers.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Labeling Of Certain Beverage Containers, The Review Of Municipal Programs Funded By Nip Payments And The Return Of Beverage Containers For The Redemption Value.. Description: To clarify the definition of carbonated beverage, enable the sale of certain labeled beverage containers after January 1, 2024, and authorize temporary reserves in deposit initiator accounts for future increased refund values.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Tree Removal On Properties Under The Control Of The Department Of Energy And Environmental Protection.. Description: To improve transparency and establish standards for the removal of trees that constitute an immediate public hazard at state parks and campgrounds.
In 2023, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Establishing A Revolving Loan Account To Assist Elderly Homeowners.. Description: To establish a revolving loan account to assist certain elderly homeowners who have been delinquent on property tax payments.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Implementing The Recommendations Of The Department Of Transportation And Concerning State Parkways, The Connecticut Airport Authority, A Transportation Carbon Dioxide Reduction Target, A Tree And Vegetation Management Plan, Motor Vehicle Noise, The Zero-emission Truck Voucher Program, Street Racing, Emergency Lights And The Naming Of Certain Roads And Bridges.. Description: To (1) establish a penalty for a municipality that fails to comply with an order issued by the Office of the State Traffic Administration, (2) permit the use of symbols on pedestrian control signals, (3) require operators to stop for pedestrians in crosswalks, (4) prohibit local building officials from issuing a certificate of occupancy for certain developments until conditions of a certificate issued by the office have been completed, (5) require annual training for traffic authorities, and (6) permit speed limits up to sixty-five miles per hour on suitable multiple lane, limited access highways.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Alcoholic Liquor Permits And Tobacco Bars.. Description: To: (1) Establish permits for the retail sale of alcoholic liquor at auction, annual outdoor open-air liquor permits and event sales permits; (2) authorize wholesaler permittees to sell kegs containing cocktails and premixed drinks to certain retail permittees for on-premises consumption; (3) require the Commissioner of Consumer Protection to amend certain regulations in order to provide that certain pipes and lines used to serve alcoholic liquor shall be cleaned at least once every two weeks; (4) eliminate the prohibition against provisional seasonal outdoor open-air liquor permits; (5) authorize spirits manufacturers to sell products they manufacture under farmers' market sales permits; (6) provide that neither the State Fire Marshal nor any local fire marshal may require any liquor permit premises to be inspected more than once during any calendar year; (7) amend the alcoholic beverages tax to provide that liquor, certain alcohol and liquor coolers are taxed at the same rate as beer; and (8) allow for the establishment of new tobacco bars and for existing tobacco bars to expand or change location.
In 2023, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Increasing The Threshold Amount For Felony Unemployment Compensation Fraud.. Description: To increase the threshold dollar amount for misdemeanor and felony unemployment compensation fraud.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Expanding Workers' Compensation Coverage For Post-traumatic Stress Injuries For All Employees.. Description: To extend workers' compensation coverage for post-traumatic stress injuries to all employees.
In 2023, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Foreclosure, Assignment And Other Enforcement Actions For Unpaid Sewer Assessments And Other Fees And Charges.. Description: To prohibit foreclosure, assignment and other enforcement actions for unpaid sewer assessment and other fees and charges in the case of owner-occupied real property for which the principal of such unpaid assessments, fees and charges is less than four thousand dollars.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Establishing A Working Group To Study The Implementation Of Federal Title Ix Protections For All Municipal Recreation Areas And School Sports Facilities.. Description: To establish a working group to study the feasibility of a federal Title IX assessment of all municipal recreation areas and facilities used for the organized playing of sports and public school sports facilities.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Requiring Reporting On The Implementation Of The Students First Plan.. Description: To require the Board of Regents for Higher Education to report on the implementation of the Students First plan.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Prohibiting An Institution Of Higher Education From Withholding Transcripts.. Description: To prohibit institutions of higher education from withholding student transcripts from employers, prospective employers or any branch of the military service of the United States as a means to collect a student debt.
In 2023, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Providing Immunity From Civil Liability To A Physician Who Accompanies And Assists A State, Regional Or Municipal Swat Team.. Description: To provide immunity to a physician who accompanies and assists a state, regional or municipal SWAT team.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Confirming And Adopting Volumes 1 To 13, Inclusive, Of The General Statutes Revised To January 1, 2023.. Description: To adopt and confirm the general statutes, revised to January 1, 2023.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The State's Criminal Justice Information System.. Description: To require certain third-party vendors and contractors to maintain specifications that have been established and implemented by the Criminal Justice Information System Governing Board.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Legislative Commissioners' Recommendations For Technical Revisions To Statutes Relating To Children.. Description: To make technical changes to certain statutes relating to children.
In 2023, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Requiring Notice Of A Proposed Involuntary Transfer Or Discharge Of A Nursing Facility Resident To The State Ombudsman.. Description: To require nursing home facilities to notify the State Ombudsman of a proposed transfer or discharge of a resident.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Establishing A Cybersecurity Task Force.. Description: To establish a cybersecurity task force.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Adding Certain Members To The Governor's Workforce Council.. Description: To add a residential construction expert to the Governor's Workforce Council.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Parole Eligibility For An Individual Serving A Lengthy Sentence For A Crime Committed Before The Individual Reached The Age Of Twenty-one And Criminal History Records Erasure.. Description: To broaden eligibility for parole to include those individuals serving long sentences for crimes committed before the individual was twenty-five years of age, under certain circumstances.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Racial Profiling.. Description: To redefine racial profiling for purposes of the Alvin W. Penn Racial Profiling Prohibition Act.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Requiring Discharge Standards Regarding Follow-up Appointments And Prescription Medications For Patients Being Discharged From A Hospital Or Nursing Home Facility.. Description: To require discharge standards regarding follow-up appointments and prescription medications for patients being discharged from a hospital or nursing home facility.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Crisis Intervention Training For Police Officers And Collaboration Between Police Officers And Social Workers.. Description: To require police officer training on strategies including crisis intervention, and to develop recommendations on how police officers and social workers may collaborate.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Mold In Residential Housing And Commercial Buildings.. Description: To establish protections for residents of residential property from mold infestation.
In 2023, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Carbon-free School Requirements For New School Construction And Establishing Other School Construction And Public Health Requirements For School Districts.. Description: To require the use of project labor agreements when certain solar and energy efficiency projects are required of school districts and to require certain measures by the Department of Public Health concerning air quality and drinking water in school settings.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Providing Funding For The Removal Of Hazardous Or Dead Trees By Municipalities.. Description: To provide additional funding to municipalities for the removal of dead or hazardous trees in public areas and along town roads.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Requiring Background Checks For Renewal Of A Security Officer License.. Description: To require an applicant for renewal of a security officer license to submit to a state and national criminal history records check.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Verification Of The Residential Address Of A Registered Sex Offender.. Description: To permit a registered sex offender to respond to an address verification request by facsimile or electronic mail.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning A Domestic Terrorism Prevention Plan Annex In Local Emergency Operations Plans.. Description: To require a domestic terrorism prevention plan annex in local emergency operations plans.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Revising Various Gaming Statutes.. Description: To make revisions to statutes concerning gaming, including (1) establishing a live game employee license and revising certain licensing requirements, (2) requiring a person using a credit or debit card to fund an online gaming account to only use a card if the person is the sole account holder of such card, (3) prohibiting advertisements offering or advertising financial enticement to participate in online gaming or online or retail sports wagering, (4) allowing special officers to investigate offenses arising out of retail sports wagering, and (5) clarifying the prohibition on using animals as prizes.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Authorizing Access To Juvenile Delinquency Records To Evaluate A Proposed Transfer Of A Firearm To A Person Under Age Twenty-one.. Description: To allow access to juvenile delinquency records to evaluate a proposed transfer of a firearm to a person under the age of twenty-one pursuant to federal law.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Automated Kiosks For Consumer Electronics.. Description: To: (1) Establish requirements concerning automated kiosks for consumer electronics operating in this state; (2) provide that any person who operates an automated kiosk for consumer electronics in this state in a manner that does not satisfy such requirements shall be guilty of a class D misdemeanor; (3) specify that automated kiosks for consumer electronics are not junk yards, recycling facilities or recycling centers; and (4) specify that persons operating automated kiosks for consumer electronics are not junk dealers, pawnbrokers or secondhand dealers.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Legislative Commissioners' Recommendations For Minor And Technical Revisions To Statutes Concerning Consumer Protection.. Description: To make minor and technical revisions to statutes concerning consumer protection.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Medical Assistance For Surgery And Medical Services Related To Treatment Of Obesity.. Description: To expand medical assistance for treatment of obesity.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Accelerating The State Hiring Process.. Description: To implement the Governor's budget recommendations.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Protecting Maternal Health.. Description: To implement the Governor's budget recommendations.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Purchase Of A Mobile Manufactured Home Park By Its Residents.. Description: To allow residents of a mobile manufactured home park that is being sold to buy such park by matching the sales price for such park.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Zoning Enforcement Officer Certification.. Description: To change the date by which zoning enforcement officers must obtain certification to January 1, 2024.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Nonprofit Provider Retention Of Contract Savings, Community Health Worker Medicaid Reimbursement And Studies Of Medicaid Rates Of Reimbursement, Nursing Home Transportation And Nursing Home Waiting Lists.. Description: To (1) require air conditioning in each room at a nursing home, (2) require notification of the State Ombudsman when a nursing home plans to involuntarily transfer or discharge a patient, (3) establish a grant program for transportation of nonambulatory nursing home residents to homes of family members, (4) make changes in waiting list requirements for nursing homes, (5) require transparent cost reporting by nursing homes, (6) establish minimum nursing home staffing levels, and (7) impose stricter penalties for violations.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Implementing The Recommendations Of The Department Of Motor Vehicles, Studying An Emergency Contact Information Database Or Revisions To Motor Vehicle Records And Concerning The Safety Driving Course, Motor Vehicle Dealers And Repairers, Motor Vehicle Safety Recalls, The Knowledge Test For An Operator's License, Reciprocal Recognition Of Driver Training Requirements, Trespass On Watershed Land, Emergency Lights, Removable Windshield Placards, School Buses, Registration Certificates And Minor Revisions To Motor Vehicle Statutes.. Description: To implement the recommendations of the Department of Motor Vehicles regarding the application for a commercial driver's license or commercial driver's instruction permit, the elimination of the limited repairer's license, the renewal of a license to conduct a drivers' school, child restraint systems and the improper use of a number plate or operator's license.
In 2023, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Housing Development In The State, Establishing A Housing Authority Resident Quality Of Life Improvement Grant Program And A Housing Choice Voucher Task Force And Requiring The Disclosure Of Certain Natural Person Ownership Interests In Real Property.. Description: To (1) establish a resident quality of life improvement grant program, (2) establish a housing choice voucher task force, and (3) require the disclosure of certain natural person ownership interests in real property.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Establishing A Tax Abatement For Certain Conservation Easements And Addressing Housing Affordability For Residents In The State.. Description: To authorize municipalities to exempt from real property taxes any portion of land that (1) qualifies as a greenway, (2) is a terrestrial recreational trail that does not exceed one hundred feet in width, (3) is the subject of a conservation easement conveyed by the owner of the land to a municipality, the state or a nonprofit land conservation organization, and (4) to specify that a greenway trail corridor may be deemed open space land.
In 2023, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Increasing The Uniform Assessment Rate For Property Tax.. Description: To increase the uniform assessment rate for property tax to seventy-five per cent of present true and actual value.
In 2023, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Identified Adoptions.. Description: To (1) require the Department of Children and Families to adopt regulations concerning adoptive placement of children by child-placing agencies, (2) specify the types of payments and reimbursements that may be made by prospective adoptive parents to pregnant parents and requirements for making such payments and reimbursements, (3) specify that a genetic parent's legal representative or prospective adoptive parent's legal representative may advertise through public media for the purposes of identified adoption or adoption through a child-placing agency, and (4) make minor revisions to statutes concerning adoption.
In 2023, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Department Of Children And Families' Recommendations For Revisions To Statutes Concerning Children.. Description: To (1) exempt certain applicants for foster care licensure and individuals eighteen years of age or older living in such applicants' homes from submitting to criminal history records checks requirements under certain circumstances, and (2) increase the age upon which an individual living in the home of an applicant for foster care licensure must submit to criminal history records checks and child abuse registry checks from sixteen to eighteen.
In 2023, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Common Interest Ownership Communities.. Description: To require the Commissioner of Housing to conduct a study concerning funding for common interest ownership community reserves.
In 2023, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Prohibiting Life Insurance Companies From Discriminating Against First Responders Diagnosed With Post-traumatic Stress Disorder.. Description: To prohibit life insurance companies from denying life insurance coverage to first responders diagnosed with post-traumatic stress disorder.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Establishing A Task Force On The Shortage Of Firefighters And Emergency Medical Services Personnel In The State.. Description: To establish a task force to examine and make recommendations to address the shortage of firefighters and emergency medical services personnel in the state.
In 2023, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning A Study To Prohibit Private Equity Ownership In Hospice Care.. Description: To require the Insurance Commissioner to study banning private equity ownership in hospice care.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Cash Refunds For Gift Card Balances.. Description: To (1) increase the minimum balance amount for which consumers using gift cards may request cash refunds, and (2) eliminate the requirement that proof of purchase or a receipt be provided by consumers to receive cash refunds for the balance on certain gift cards.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Requiring Police Officers To Inform Drivers Of The Purpose Of A Traffic Stop.. Description: To require police officers to inform drivers of the reason for a traffic stop and encourage additional police officer training on de-escalation, use of force, customer service, diversity and bias.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Probate Court Operations.. Description: To: (1) Update language specifying the provision of suitable court facilities, (2) establish a new time period by which the Council on Probate Judicial Conduct must publish its findings following the close of a public hearing, (3) make conforming changes to the Connecticut Parentage Act, (4) modify the service of process time period on a petition for parentage claim, (5) clarify Probate Court authority to order or deny genetic testing when parentage is at issue, and (6) require that a conservator of the person execute a written document in advance of the conserved person's death that directs disposition of such person's body upon death.
In 2023, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Implementing The Recommendations Of The Homemaker-companion Agency Task Force.. Description: To require (1) the Secretary of the Office of Policy and Management to develop a plan to transition registration and oversight responsibilities for homemaker-companion agencies from the Department of Consumer Protection to the Department of Public Health, (2) the Commissioner of Consumer Protection to revoke a certificate of registration if an agency violates certain provisions three times in one calendar year, (3) the Commissioner of Consumer Protection to (A) develop training standards, identify training programs and develop a model written contract and service plan for homemaker-companion agencies, and (B) develop a guide that details how to file a complaint against a homemaker-companion agency, (4) the Commissioner of Consumer Protection to develop a plan to implement mandatory training standards for agency employees, and (5) homemaker-companion agencies to (A) develop a person-centered plan of care and services for clients, and (B) have consumer brochures and maintain an Internet web site.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Department Of Economic And Community Development's Recommendations Regarding The Jobsct Tax Rebate Program And Certain Aerospace Manufacturing Projects.. Description: To (1) replace provisions requiring a contract under the JobsCT tax rebate program with provisions requiring a rebate allocation notice, and (2) extend the time period an eligible taxpayer may utilize certain aerospace manufacturing project tax benefits earned under certain assistance agreements.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Requiring Certain Financing Disclosures.. Description: To (1) require certain providers of commercial financing to make various commercial financing disclosures, (2) authorize the Banking Commissioner to adopt regulations concerning such disclosures, and (3) establish civil penalties for violations of such commercial financing disclosure requirements.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Various Revisions To The Banking Statutes.. Description: To (1) redefine "APR" and "small loan", (2) define "finance charge", (3) require additional persons to obtain small loan licenses, (4) provide that certain small loan requirements apply to loans that are between five thousand and fifty thousand dollars, (5) provide that certain small loans shall not provide for an advance exceeding unpaid principal of fifty thousand dollars, (6) redefine "goods" and "sales finance company", (7) establish that guaranteed asset protection waivers are cancellable, (8) provide that certain qualified public depository reports shall be certified under oath unless such reports are filed electronically, (9) provide that certain persons shall not engage the services of certain lead generators, and (10) eliminate a requirement that certain persons demonstrate an ability to supervise mortgage servicing offices in person.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Stop Work Orders.. Description: To (1) expand the applicability of the issuance of a stop work order to include violations of the prevailing wage, and (2) increase fines for violations of stop work orders.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Establishing A Greater Hartford Regional Law Enforcement Task Force To Combat Illegal Roadway Traffic Activity.. Description: To establish a Greater Hartford Regional Law Enforcement Task Force to Combat Illegal Roadway Traffic Activity.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Captive Insurance Companies.. Description: To: (1) Allow protected cells of captive insurance companies to establish and maintain separate accounts, and transfer risk to such accounts; and (2) exempt dormant captive insurance companies from paying minimum premium tax.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Insurance Department's Recommendations Regarding Financial Regulation, Life Insurance And Insurance Licensing Requirements And Technical Corrections And Revisions To The Life And Health Insurance Statutes.. Description: To: (1) Update the financial regulation fee structure for certified reinsurers and reciprocal jurisdiction applications and to allow for the payment of fees electronically; (2) update the insurance licensing requirements; and (3) make technical corrections to the life and health insurance statutes and to conform infertility statutes with federal law.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Remote Notarial Acts.. Description: To permit a notary public to remotely notarize certain documents under certain specified circumstances.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Authorizing The Department Of Economic And Community Development To Provide Capacity Building Grants To Connecticut Brownfield Land Banks.. Description: To authorize the Department of Economic and Community Development to provide capacity building grants to Connecticut brownfield land banks.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Establishing A Task Force To Study And Make Recommendations Concerning The Elderly Nutrition Program.. Description: To establish a task force to study and make recommendations concerning the elderly nutrition program administered by the Department of Aging and Disability Services.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Charitable Organizations, Telecommunications And The Attorney General's Recommendations Regarding Consumer Protection.. Description: To: (1) Implement the Attorney General's recommendations concerning (A) price gouging, (B) disclosure of certain records during the pendency of an investigation, (C) erasure, in lieu of return, of certain electronic materials upon completion of an investigation, (D) disclosure of precise geolocation data, (E) the privacy protection guaranty and enforcement account, (F) identity theft, (G) personal data privacy, (H) ticketing for entertainment events, (I) telemarketing, and (J) charitable solicitation campaigns; and (2) enable certain charitable organizations to include with their annual financial statements a review report in lieu of an audit report.
In 2023, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Establishing A Task Force To Study The Operations Of The Department Of Consumer Protection.. Description: To (1) require certain persons doing business in this state to provide bills to certain consumers in paper form, (2) provide that certain persons doing business in this state shall not impose any charge or fee for providing bills to consumers in paper form, and (3) establish a task force to study the operations of the Department of Consumer Protection.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Provision Of Emergency Medical Services To An Individual Who Is In Direct Contact With Or In The Custody Or Control Of A Peace Officer.. Description: To require the provision of emergency medical services to an individual who experiences an emergency medical condition or is medically unstable while in direct contact with, or in the custody or control of, a peace officer.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Department Of Developmental Services' Recommendations Regarding Various Technical Revisions To Developmental Services Statutes.. Description: To make various technical revisions to developmental services statutes.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Revisions To Certain Domestic Animal Related Statutes.. Description: To redefine "animal", regulate breeding kennels, provide certain procedures concerning the control of rabies and make other minor changes to domestic animal related statutes.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Prosecutorial Accountability.. Description: To shorten the term of state's attorneys from eight to five years and require each state's attorney appear annually before the Criminal Justice Commission for testimony concerning certain case level data pertaining to defendants who are eighteen years of age or older at the time of the commission of an alleged offense.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Deceptive Or Coercive Interrogation Tactics.. Description: To limit the use as evidence of any admission, confession or statement made by a person during a custodial interrogation by a law enforcement agency official, if the law enforcement agency official engaged in deception or coercive tactics during such interrogation.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Revisions To The Common Interest Ownership Act.. Description: To make revisions to the Common Interest Ownership Act with respect to (1) access to records containing personally identifiable information, (2) the fee for a resale certificate, (3) a permitted variance in insurance requirements for a building in a common interest community if all of the units within the building are restricted to nonresidential use, and (4) voting processes.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Hospice And Palliative Care.. Description: To provide dignity to hospice care patients by allowing them to pass away comfortably in their home.
In 2023, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Coerced Debt.. Description: To require: (1) Consumer collection agencies to cease collecting coerced debts from certain individuals; and (2) credit rating agencies to (A) reinvestigate debt identified as coerced debt, and (B) remove references to coerced debt from certain credit reports.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Financial Exploitation Of Senior Citizens.. Description: To establish procedures to protect the elderly from financial exploitation.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Employment Of Certain Minors As Youth Camp Staff Members And Lifeguards.. Description: To provide that persons between fifteen and eighteen years of age may be employed by certain employers.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Certain Business Reporting Requirements.. Description: To eliminate certain business reporting requirements.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Acquisition And Conveyance Of Certain Properties By Connecticut Brownfield Land Banks.. Description: To: (1) Authorize Connecticut brownfield land banks to acquire and convey certain properties to enhance the aquatic life and environmental quality of rivers; and (2) authorize Connecticut brownfield land banks to enter into land banking agreements with regional councils of governments.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Pharmacies And Pharmacists.. Description: To: (1) Authorize (A) pharmacists to administer additional vaccines, tests and drugs, and (B) pharmacies to operate mobile pharmacies; and (2) provide that an institutional pharmacy located in a licensed health care facility may compound sterile pharmaceuticals.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Artificial Intelligence, Automated Decision-making And Personal Data Privacy.. Description: To: (1) Establish an Office of Artificial Intelligence; (2) exempt air carriers from certain provisions concerning data privacy; (3) provide that a controller shall not process the personal data of a consumer for purposes of targeted advertising, or sell the consumer's personal data without the consumer's consent, under circumstances where a controller has actual knowledge, or wilfully disregards, that the consumer is at least thirteen years of age but younger than sixteen years of age; and (4) establish a task force to (A) study artificial intelligence, and (B) develop an artificial intelligence bill of rights.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Implementing The Recommendations Of The Connecticut Health And Educational Facilities Authority.. Description: To expand the types of projects for which the Connecticut Health and Educational Facilities Authority can issue bonds to include programs and services and to remove references to obsolete programs.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Foundations Of The Regional Community-technical Colleges.. Description: To allow the establishment of a foundation for a campus of the Connecticut State Community College.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Access To Reproductive Health Care By Students At Public Institutions Of Higher Education.. Description: To require public institutions of higher education that have residential campuses to establish a plan for access to reproductive health care services by students.
In 2023, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Requirements For Third-party Medicaid Payment Reimbursements, Vendor Payment Standards In The Low-income Home Energy Assistance Program And Medicaid Payments For Maternity Services.. Description: To (1) delete obsolete reporting requirements, (2) clarify liability of third-party private insurers and other obligors for the costs of certain medical assistance, (3) reduce from thirty to ten days the amount of time a fuel vendor participating in the Low-Income Home Energy Assistance Program shall be paid, and (4) establish bundled Medicaid payments for maternity services.
In 2023, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Establishing A Working Group To Study Excess Licensed Bed Capacity At Skilled Nursing Facilities.. Description: To reduce rates of reimbursement for empty beds in nursing homes below a minimum occupancy threshold and establish a new payment system for management and other costs not directly related to patient care.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Implementing Additional Measures To Prevent Trafficking In Persons And Expanding The Composition Of The Trafficking In Persons Council.. Description: To (1) include victims of sexual assault and trafficking as protected persons under the state's employment discrimination provisions, (2) revise the definition of stalking as relates to an application for a civil protection order, (3) prohibit a hotel, motel and similar lodging from offering an hourly rate for any sleeping accommodation and require such entities to establish a person's identity by means of a photo identification prior to providing such person any sleeping accommodation, and (4) expand the membership of the Trafficking in Persons Council.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning A Study Of The Consolidation Of The Family Violence Model Policy Governing Council And The Domestic Violence Offender Program Standards Advisory Council.. Description: To establish the Domestic Violence Criminal Justice Response and Enhancement Advisory Council.
In 2023, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Business Registrations With The Office Of The Secretary Of The State.. Description: To: (1) Revise various provisions involving the registration of business entities in the state, (2) rename the Commercial Recording Division within the office of the Secretary of the State as the Business Services Division, and (3) create a listing of commercial registered agents.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Amending Codification Of Prevailing Wage Contract Rates.. Description: To include residential construction in the existing prevailing wage contract rates.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning A Study Of Pathways To State Employment.. Description: To require the Commissioner of Administrative Services to conduct a study regarding the hiring practices for state service.
In 2023, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Apprenticeship Reporting Data.. Description: To require sponsors of apprenticeship programs registered with the Labor Department to submit information pertaining to their programs to the Labor Department.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Extending The Deadlines Applicable To The Task Force To Examine The Motor Vehicle Accident Report Form Used By Law Enforcement Officers.. Description: To extend the deadlines for the appointment of members to, first meeting of and report of, the task force to examine the motor vehicle accident report form used by law enforcement officers.
In 2023, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Veterans' Specialty License Plates And Driver's Licenses For Certain Former Armed Forces Reservists.. Description: To grant eligibility for veterans' specialty license plates and driver's licenses from the Department of Motor Vehicles to former members of the National Guard who do not qualify for federal veterans' benefits.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Circumstances Presenting A Substantial Risk To A Child's Health Or Safety.. Description: To limit the finding of neglect or risk of injury to a child if the allegation of neglect is based on a child's participation in certain independent activities and the child is considered by the parent, guardian or caregiver of the child to be of sufficient maturity, physical condition and mental ability to avoid engaging in conduct that carries a substantial risk of physical harm.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Recruitment Of Law School Students For Apprentice Prosecutor Positions.. Description: To allow the Division of Criminal Justice to appoint third-year, second semester law school students as apprentice prosecutors who shall advance to the position of deputy assistant state's attorney upon gaining admission to the Connecticut bar within one year of the date of such student's graduation from law school.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Validating The Appointment Of Certain Individuals To The Office Of Justice Of The Peace.. Description: To specify that a newly created office of justice of the peace may be filled by appointment prior to the next regular election.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Revisions To Various Programs Of The Department Of Energy And Environmental Protection.. Description: To revise training standard requirements for conservation officers, change notice publication requirements for certain fishing regulations, authorize the transfer of certain commercial fishing licenses, alter the location for the publication of notice for numerous permit applications submitted to the Department of Energy and Environmental Protection, authorize state open space grants for certain lands that are the subject of other federally funded, municipally funded or privately funded conservation easements or restrictions and repeal the Cricket Valley Energy Center air monitoring equipment technical assistance and support obligation of the department.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Environmental Justice Program Of The Department Of Energy And Environmental Protection.. Description: To enhance the environmental and public health considerations made under the state's environmental justice statute and provide the Department of Energy and Environmental Protection and the Connecticut Siting Council with the ability to deny certain permits for a new affecting facility and apply conditions to the expansion of an existing facility.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Authorizing Certain Killing Of Black Bear And Prohibiting Intentional Feeding Of Potentially Dangerous Animals.. Description: To establish permits for the taking of bear that damage crops, livestock or bees, authorize the killing of bears that cause harm to a person or pet or that enter an occupied building, provide for an annual bear hunt season in Litchfield County by lottery and prohibit the intentional and unintentional feeding of potentially dangerous animals.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Revisions To The State Codes Of Ethics.. Description: To redefine "quasi-public agency" and "public official" for purposes of the codes of ethics and to require registrants to provide the name, title and contact information for individuals who are authorized filers on its registration statement.
In 2023, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Contracting With Quasi-public Agencies Under The State Code Of Ethics.. Description: To expand the prohibition against certain individuals contracting with state agencies under the state code of ethics unless awarded through an open and public process to include contracts with quasi-public agencies.
In 2023, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Establishing An Exemption From Disclosure For Certain Higher Education Records Pertaining To Study, Teaching Or Research Under The Freedom Of Information Act.. Description: To amend the Freedom of Information Act to exempt certain proprietary records held by a public institution of higher education pertaining to research or teaching from disclosure.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Implementing The Recommendations Of The Auditors Of Public Accounts.. Description: To implement the recommendations of the Auditors of Public Accounts contained in their 2022 annual report, including to exempt the disclosure of whistleblower complaints received by the auditors, authorize the Department of Motor Vehicles to conduct periodic background checks of school bus and student transportation vehicle drivers, require the local legislative body or regional board of education to hold a public meeting before submitting a corrective action plan regarding certain audits and replace references to "comprehensive annual financial reports" with "annual comprehensive financial reports".
In 2023, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Revisions To The Freedom Of Information Act Concerning Employees Of Public Agencies.. Description: To expand the list of public agency employees whose residential addresses are exempt from disclosure under the Freedom of Information Act and require employee notification of mass requests prior to disclosure under said act.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Designating Various Days, Weeks And Months.. Description: To designate various days, weeks and months and make technical revisions to existing designations.
In 2023, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Pharmacy Benefits Managers And Drug Affordability And Transparency.. Description: To: (1) Require the Insurance Department to conduct a study concerning pharmacy benefits managers; (2) require the Insurance Department to conduct a study concerning purchasing pools for prescription drugs and health care supplies; and (3) establish a prescription drug affordability board to monitor prescription drug pricing in this state.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Requiring Community Roundtables.. Description: To require law enforcement units to hold community roundtables and establish a pilot program to fund community policing programs in certain municipalities, to reduce gun violence and improve relationships between law enforcement units and the communities they serve.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Financial Literacy Instruction.. Description: To require financial literacy instruction in high school.
In 2023, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Expanding Connecticut Paid Sick Days.. Description: To expand Connecticut paid sick days' law to (1) cover all private-sector employers and employees, (2) broaden the range of family members employees may use leave for, (3) increase rate at which employees accrue leave, (4) broaden reasons employees may use leave, and (5) increase the maximum amount of hours an employee may accrue.
In 2023, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Amending Connecticut Paid Family Medical Leave.. Description: To amend both the Connecticut Paid Family and Medical Leave Act and Connecticut Family Medical Leave Act to (1) include tribal enterprises and transit districts, and (2) prohibit disability benefits from being offset by benefits received under such programs.
In 2023, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Rideshare And Delivery Driver Minimum Standards.. Description: To establish reciprocity with neighboring states in order to allow Connecticut drivers to pick up passengers in such states and to require network companies to, (1) provide network workers with minimum pay per trip, (2) provide trip receipts to both workers and passengers, and (3) pay for other fees incurred during trips.
In 2023, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Establishing Secondary Traffic Violations.. Description: To establish secondary traffic violations and prohibit a law enforcement officer from stopping a motor vehicle for a secondary traffic violation.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Legislative Commissioners' Recommendations For Minor And Technical Revisions To The Government Administration And Election Statutes.. Description: To make minor and technical revisions to the government administration and election statutes.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Deadline For Filing Nominating Petitions With The Secretary Of The State.. Description: To require that the deadline for filing nominating petitions with the Secretary of the State be seven days earlier than the deadline for filing such petitions with town clerks.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Revisor's Technical Corrections To The General Statutes.. Description: To make various technical changes concerning grammar, clarity and accuracy of internal references and consistency in the general statutes.
In 2023, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Relieving Certain Registrants Of The Requirements Of The Sex Offense Registry And Clarifying Registration Requirements For Persons Transferred Into This State And Who Reside In Congregate Care Settings.. Description: To end registration requirements for persons released into the community during the ten-year period prior to the implementation of the sex offense registry and clarify registration requirements for persons transferred from out-of-state into congregate care settings in this state.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Transfer Of Persons Who Are Incarcerated Between Correctional Facilities And The Use Of Body Scanning Machines In Correctional Facilities As An Alternative To The Use Of Strip Searches.. Description: To require (1) notification to a crime victim when the person who committed the crime involving the victim is transferred to a lower level correctional facility, and (2) a correctional officer to document such officer's probable cause belief that a person who is incarcerated is concealing contraband prior to such person being subject to a strip search.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Connecticut Indian Child Welfare Act.. Description: To codify the provisions of the federal Indian Child Welfare Act into state law and apply its provisions to children of an Indian tribe recognized by the state of Connecticut and children of a federally recognized Indian tribe.
In 2023, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Failure To File For Certain Grand List Exemptions.. Description: To allow certain persons to file for property tax exemptions, notwithstanding certain statutory deadlines.
In 2023, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning A Study Of The Civil Laws In This State.. Description: To require a study of the state's civil laws.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Repealing The New Hartford Fire Association And Validating The Actions Of The New Hartford Village Fire District And Pine Meadow Fire District Concerning The Consolidation Of Said Districts.. Description: To consolidate the Pine Meadow Fire District into the New Hartford Fire Association.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Certain Employees Working In Intermediate Care Facilities.. Description: To require a report on small hospitals.
In 2023, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Teachers' Retirement Board's Recommendations For Changes To The Teachers' Retirement System Statutes.. Description: To make the Teachers' Retirement Board's recommended changes to statutes concerning the Teachers' Retirement System.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Enforcement Of Violations Of The Freedom Of Information Act.. Description: To increase the maximum penalty for certain violations of the Freedom of Information Act to ten thousand dollars, to permit the Freedom of Information Commission to seek judicial relief for certain public agency misconduct and to require public agencies to post information about open requests.
In 2023, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning State Voting Rights In Recognition Of John R. Lewis.. Description: To afford mechanisms for the challenge of certain election administration laws, practices or procedures that may impair the electoral rights of certain protected classes of individuals.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Conveying A Parcel Of State Land In The Town Of East Haddam.. Description: To convey a parcel of state land in the town of East Haddam to the town of East Haddam for purposes of establishing a farmers' market.
In 2023, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Conveying A Parcel Of State Land In The Town Of Cheshire.. Description: To convey a parcel of state land in the town of Cheshire to the town of Cheshire for economic development purposes.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Appointing Charles Augur Of Middlefield As Assistant Clerk Of The House Of Representatives.. Description: Resolution Appointing Charles Augur Of Middlefield As Assistant Clerk Of The House Of Representatives.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Concerning The House Rules.. Description: Resolution Concerning The House Rules.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Raising A Committee To Canvass The Votes For State Representatives.. Description: Resolution Raising A Committee To Canvass The Votes For State Representatives.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Concerning The Printing Of The Journal.. Description: Resolution Concerning The Printing Of The Journal.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Reverend Erica Thompson Of West Hartford As Chaplain Of The House Of Representatives.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Reverend Erica Thompson Of West Hartford As Chaplain Of The House Of Representatives.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nominations Of Rabbi Donna Berman Of New Hartford, Reverend Ashley "aj" Johnson Of Hartford, And Bishop Marichal Monts Of Hartford As Deputy Chaplains Of The House Of Representatives.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nominations Of Rabbi Donna Berman Of New Hartford, Reverend Ashley "aj" Johnson Of Hartford, And Bishop Marichal Monts Of Hartford As Deputy Chaplains Of The House Of Representatives.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Raising A Committee To Inform The Senate That The House Is Organized And Ready To Meet In Joint Convention.. Description: Resolution Raising A Committee To Inform The Senate That The House Is Organized And Ready To Meet In Joint Convention.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Proposing Approval Of A Collective Bargaining Agreement Between The State Of Connecticut And The Connecticut State Police Union (np-1 Bargaining Unit).. Description: Resolution Proposing Approval Of A Collective Bargaining Agreement Between The State Of Connecticut And The Connecticut State Police Union (np-1 Bargaining Unit).
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Amy Porter Of Coventry To Be Reappointed Commissioner Of Aging And Disability Services.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Amy Porter Of Coventry To Be Reappointed Commissioner Of Aging And Disability Services.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Katherine Scharf Dykes Of West Hartford To Be Reappointed Commissioner Of Energy And Environmental Protection.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Katherine Scharf Dykes Of West Hartford To Be Reappointed Commissioner Of Energy And Environmental Protection.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Bryan P. Hurlburt Of Tolland To Be Reappointed Commissioner Of Agriculture.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Bryan P. Hurlburt Of Tolland To Be Reappointed Commissioner Of Agriculture.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Seila Mosquera-bruno Of Milford To Be Reappointed Commissioner Of Housing.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Seila Mosquera-bruno Of Milford To Be Reappointed Commissioner Of Housing.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Mark Boughton Of Danbury To Be Reappointed Commissioner Of Revenue Services.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Mark Boughton Of Danbury To Be Reappointed Commissioner Of Revenue Services.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Michelle H. Gilman Of Colchester To Be Reappointed Commissioner Of Administrative Services.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Michelle H. Gilman Of Colchester To Be Reappointed Commissioner Of Administrative Services.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Antonio Guerrera Of Rocky Hill To Be Commissioner Of Motor Vehicles.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Antonio Guerrera Of Rocky Hill To Be Commissioner Of Motor Vehicles.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of James C. Rovella Of Old Saybrook To Be Reappointed Commissioner Of Emergency Services And Public Protection.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of James C. Rovella Of Old Saybrook To Be Reappointed Commissioner Of Emergency Services And Public Protection.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Dr. Kelli-marie Vallieres Of Old Saybrook To Be Chief Workforce Officer Of The Office Of Workforce Strategy.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Dr. Kelli-marie Vallieres Of Old Saybrook To Be Chief Workforce Officer Of The Office Of Workforce Strategy.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Raising A Committee To Inform The Senate That The House Is Ready To Meet In Joint Convention.. Description: Resolution Raising A Committee To Inform The Senate That The House Is Ready To Meet In Joint Convention.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Jordan A. Scheff Of Vernon To Be Reappointed Commissioner Of Developmental Services.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Jordan A. Scheff Of Vernon To Be Reappointed Commissioner Of Developmental Services.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Robert T. Ross Of Salem To Be Reappointed Executive Director Of The Office Of Military Affairs.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Robert T. Ross Of Salem To Be Reappointed Executive Director Of The Office Of Military Affairs.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Thomas J. Saadi Of Danbury To Be Reappointed Commissioner Of Veterans Affairs.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Thomas J. Saadi Of Danbury To Be Reappointed Commissioner Of Veterans Affairs.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Gregory F. Daniels Of West Hartford To Be Appointed Executive Director Of The State Contracting Standards Board.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Gregory F. Daniels Of West Hartford To Be Appointed Executive Director Of The State Contracting Standards Board.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Proposing Approval Of An Interest Arbitration Award Between The State Of Connecticut And The State Employees Bargaining Agent Coalition (sebac).. Description: Resolution Proposing Approval Of An Interest Arbitration Award Between The State Of Connecticut And The State Employees Bargaining Agent Coalition (sebac).
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Ranesha L. Nichols Of Windsor To Be A Member Of The Psychiatric Security Review Board.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Ranesha L. Nichols Of Windsor To Be A Member Of The Psychiatric Security Review Board.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Aign S. Goldsby Of Simsbury To Be A Member Of The Freedom Of Information Commission.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Aign S. Goldsby Of Simsbury To Be A Member Of The Freedom Of Information Commission.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Proposing Approval Of A Memorandum Of Understanding Between The State Of Connecticut, Office Of Labor Relations And The Connecticut State Employees Association, Education Professions (p-3b) Concerning Accretion Of Employees In The Classification Of Behavioral Health Clinical Supervisor.. Description: Resolution Proposing Approval Of A Memorandum Of Understanding Between The State Of Connecticut, Office Of Labor Relations And The Connecticut State Employees Association, Education Professions (p-3b) Concerning Accretion Of Employees In The Classification Of Behavioral Health Clinical Supervisor.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Proposing Approval Of A Memorandum Of Understanding Between The State Of Connecticut, Office Of Labor Relations And The Connecticut State Employees Association, Education Professions (p-3b) Concerning Accretion Of Employees In The Classifications Of State School Principal 1 And State School Principal 2.. Description: Resolution Proposing Approval Of A Memorandum Of Understanding Between The State Of Connecticut, Office Of Labor Relations And The Connecticut State Employees Association, Education Professions (p-3b) Concerning Accretion Of Employees In The Classifications Of State School Principal 1 And State School Principal 2.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Proposing Approval Of A Stipulated Agreement Among The State Of Connecticut, Office Of Policy And Management, Office Of Labor Relations And The Connecticut State Police Union (np-1).. Description: Resolution Proposing Approval Of A Stipulated Agreement Among The State Of Connecticut, Office Of Policy And Management, Office Of Labor Relations And The Connecticut State Police Union (np-1).
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Proposing Approval Of A Memorandum Of Understanding Between The State Of Connecticut Office Of Early Childhood And The Connecticut State Employees Association (csea-seiu Local 2001).. Description: Resolution Proposing Approval Of A Memorandum Of Understanding Between The State Of Connecticut Office Of Early Childhood And The Connecticut State Employees Association (csea-seiu Local 2001).
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Raising A Committee To Inform The Senate That The House Of Representatives Is Ready To Meet In Joint Convention.. Description: Resolution Raising A Committee To Inform The Senate That The House Of Representatives Is Ready To Meet In Joint Convention.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Concerning The Rules Of The House Of Representatives For The September Special Session, 2023.. Description: Resolution Concerning The Rules Of The House Of Representatives For The September Special Session, 2023.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Concerning The Rules Of The House Of Representatives For The September 26 Special Session, 2023.. Description: Resolution Concerning The Rules Of The House Of Representatives For The September 26 Special Session, 2023.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Raising A Committee Of Three Senators To Inform The Lieutenant Governor That The Senate Requests Her Presence In The Senate Chambers.. Description: Resolution Raising A Committee Of Three Senators To Inform The Lieutenant Governor That The Senate Requests Her Presence In The Senate Chambers.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Concerning The Rules Of The Senate.. Description: Resolution Concerning The Rules Of The Senate.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Raising A Committee On Canvass Of Votes For State Senators.. Description: Resolution Raising A Committee On Canvass Of Votes For State Senators.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Concerning The Printing Of The Senate Journal.. Description: Resolution Concerning The Printing Of The Senate Journal.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Concerning Roll Call And Reading Of The Senate Journal.. Description: Resolution Concerning Roll Call And Reading Of The Senate Journal.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nominations Of Rabbi Philip Lazowski Of West Hartford As Chaplain Of The Senate And Reverend Bonita Grubbs Of New Haven And Monsignor Gerard G. Schmitz Of Branford As Deputy Chaplains Of The Senate.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nominations Of Rabbi Philip Lazowski Of West Hartford As Chaplain Of The Senate And Reverend Bonita Grubbs Of New Haven And Monsignor Gerard G. Schmitz Of Branford As Deputy Chaplains Of The Senate.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Proposing Approval Of A Collective Bargaining Agreement Between The State Of Connecticut And The Connecticut State Police Union (np-1 Bargaining Unit).. Description: Resolution Proposing Approval Of A Collective Bargaining Agreement Between The State Of Connecticut And The Connecticut State Police Union (np-1 Bargaining Unit).
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Jeffrey R. Beckham Of Tolland To Be Reappointed Secretary Of The Office Of Policy And Management.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Jeffrey R. Beckham Of Tolland To Be Reappointed Secretary Of The Office Of Policy And Management.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Vannessa Dorantes Of Hartford To Be Reappointed Commissioner Of Children And Families.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Vannessa Dorantes Of Hartford To Be Reappointed Commissioner Of Children And Families.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Garrett Eucalitto Of New Haven To Be Commissioner Of Transportation.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Garrett Eucalitto Of New Haven To Be Commissioner Of Transportation.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Elizabeth Bye Of West Hartford To Be Reappointed Commissioner Of Early Childhood.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Elizabeth Bye Of West Hartford To Be Reappointed Commissioner Of Early Childhood.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Nancy Navarretta Of Hamden To Be Reappointed Commissioner Of Mental Health And Addiction Services.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Nancy Navarretta Of Hamden To Be Reappointed Commissioner Of Mental Health And Addiction Services.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Alexandra Daum Of New Haven To Be Commissioner Of Economic And Community Development.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Alexandra Daum Of New Haven To Be Commissioner Of Economic And Community Development.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Andrew N. Mais Of Wilton To Be Reappointed Insurance Commissioner.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Andrew N. Mais Of Wilton To Be Reappointed Insurance Commissioner.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Dr. Manisha Juthani Of Southport To Be Reappointed Commissioner Of Public Health.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Dr. Manisha Juthani Of Southport To Be Reappointed Commissioner Of Public Health.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Dante J.c. Bartolomeo Of Meriden To Be Reappointed Labor Commissioner.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Dante J.c. Bartolomeo Of Meriden To Be Reappointed Labor Commissioner.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Timothy D. Larson Of East Hartford To Be Reappointed Executive Director Of The Office Of Higher Education.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Timothy D. Larson Of East Hartford To Be Reappointed Executive Director Of The Office Of Higher Education.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Charlene M. Russell-tucker Of Guilford To Be Reappointed Commissioner Of Education.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Charlene M. Russell-tucker Of Guilford To Be Reappointed Commissioner Of Education.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Deidre S. Gifford Of West Hartford To Be Executive Director Of The Office Of Health Strategy.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Deidre S. Gifford Of West Hartford To Be Executive Director Of The Office Of Health Strategy.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Jorge L. Perez Of Cheshire To Be Reappointed Banking Commissioner.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Jorge L. Perez Of Cheshire To Be Reappointed Banking Commissioner.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Andrea Barton Reeves Of Windsor To Be Commissioner Of Social Services.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Andrea Barton Reeves Of Windsor To Be Commissioner Of Social Services.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Angel Quiros, Jr. Of Windsor To Be Reappointed Commissioner Of Correction.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Angel Quiros, Jr. Of Windsor To Be Reappointed Commissioner Of Correction.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Dr. Ellen Solek Of Bristol To Be Executive Director Of The Connecticut Technical Education And Career System.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Dr. Ellen Solek Of Bristol To Be Executive Director Of The Connecticut Technical Education And Career System.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Bryan T. Cafferelli Of Fairfield To Be Commissioner Of Consumer Protection.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Bryan T. Cafferelli Of Fairfield To Be Commissioner Of Consumer Protection.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Proposing Approval Of An Interest Arbitration Award Between The State Of Connecticut And The State Employees Bargaining Agent Coalition (sebac).. Description: Resolution Proposing Approval Of An Interest Arbitration Award Between The State Of Connecticut And The State Employees Bargaining Agent Coalition (sebac).
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Proposing Approval Of A Memorandum Of Understanding Between The State Of Connecticut, Office Of Labor Relations And The Connecticut State Employees Association, Education Professions (p-3b) Concerning Accretion Of Employees In The Classification Of Behavioral Health Clinical Supervisor.. Description: Resolution Proposing Approval Of A Memorandum Of Understanding Between The State Of Connecticut, Office Of Labor Relations And The Connecticut State Employees Association, Education Professions (p-3b) Concerning Accretion Of Employees In The Classification Of Behavioral Health Clinical Supervisor.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Proposing Approval Of A Memorandum Of Understanding Between The State Of Connecticut, Office Of Labor Relations And The Connecticut State Employees Association, Education Professions (p-3b) Concerning Accretion Of Employees In The Classifications Of State School Principal 1 And State School Principal 2.. Description: Resolution Proposing Approval Of A Memorandum Of Understanding Between The State Of Connecticut, Office Of Labor Relations And The Connecticut State Employees Association, Education Professions (p-3b) Concerning Accretion Of Employees In The Classifications Of State School Principal 1 And State School Principal 2.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Proposing Approval Of The Stipulated Agreement Among The State Of Connecticut, Office Of Policy And Management, Office Of Labor Relations And The Connecticut State Police Union (np-1).. Description: Resolution Proposing Approval Of The Stipulated Agreement Among The State Of Connecticut, Office Of Policy And Management, Office Of Labor Relations And The Connecticut State Police Union (np-1).
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Ronald P. Welch Of Waterford To Be Appointed Commissioner Of Veterans Affairs.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Ronald P. Welch Of Waterford To Be Appointed Commissioner Of Veterans Affairs.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Proposing Approval Of A Memorandum Of Understanding Between The State Of Connecticut Office Of Early Childhood And The Connecticut State Employees Association (csea-seiu Local 2001).. Description: Resolution Proposing Approval Of A Memorandum Of Understanding Between The State Of Connecticut Office Of Early Childhood And The Connecticut State Employees Association (csea-seiu Local 2001).
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Concerning The Rules Of The Senate For The September Special Session, 2023.. Description: Resolution Concerning The Rules Of The Senate For The September Special Session, 2023.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Concerning The Rules Of The Senate For The September 26 Special Session, 2023.. Description: Resolution Concerning The Rules Of The Senate For The September 26 Special Session, 2023.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Approving A State Constitutional Amendment To Allow No-excuse Absentee Voting.. Description: Resolution Approving A State Constitutional Amendment To Allow No-excuse Absentee Voting.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Commemorating The Twenty-fourth Anniversary Of The Connecticut-taiwan Sister-state Relationship.. Description: Resolution Commemorating The Twenty-fourth Anniversary Of The Connecticut-taiwan Sister-state Relationship.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Kevin C. Doyle Of North Haven To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Kevin C. Doyle Of North Haven To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Auden C. Grogins Of Bridgeport To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Auden C. Grogins Of Bridgeport To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Alex V. Hernandez Of Fairfield To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Alex V. Hernandez Of Fairfield To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable James W. Abrams Of Meriden To Be A Senior Judge Of The Superior Court.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable James W. Abrams Of Meriden To Be A Senior Judge Of The Superior Court.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Taggart D. Adams Of Wilton To Be A State Referee.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Taggart D. Adams Of Wilton To Be A State Referee.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Stephen F. Frazzini Of West Hartford To Be A State Referee.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Stephen F. Frazzini Of West Hartford To Be A State Referee.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Edward C. Graziani Of Ellington To Be A State Referee.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Edward C. Graziani Of Ellington To Be A State Referee.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Jennifer Aguilar Of Branford To Be A Family Support Magistrate.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Jennifer Aguilar Of Branford To Be A Family Support Magistrate.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Concerning Certain Witchcraft Convictions In Colonial Connecticut.. Description: Resolution Concerning Certain Witchcraft Convictions In Colonial Connecticut.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution To Amend The Joint Rules Of The Senate And The House Of Representatives.. Description: Resolution To Amend The Joint Rules Of The Senate And The House Of Representatives.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Benjamin Blake, Esquire, Of Milford To Be A Workers' Compensation Administrative Law Judge.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Benjamin Blake, Esquire, Of Milford To Be A Workers' Compensation Administrative Law Judge.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Carolyn M. Colangelo Of Easton To Be A Workers' Compensation Administrative Law Judge.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Carolyn M. Colangelo Of Easton To Be A Workers' Compensation Administrative Law Judge.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Maureen E. Driscoll Of Fairfield To Be A Workers' Compensation Administrative Law Judge.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Maureen E. Driscoll Of Fairfield To Be A Workers' Compensation Administrative Law Judge.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable David W. Schoolcraft Of Hebron To Be A Workers' Compensation Administrative Law Judge.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable David W. Schoolcraft Of Hebron To Be A Workers' Compensation Administrative Law Judge.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Granting The Claims Commissioner An Extension Of Time To Dispose Of Certain Claims.. Description: Resolution Granting The Claims Commissioner An Extension Of Time To Dispose Of Certain Claims.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Vacating The Decision Of The Claims Commissioner To Deny The Claim Against The State Of Zwinda Soto, Ppa Jesus Rivera.. Description: Resolution Vacating The Decision Of The Claims Commissioner To Deny The Claim Against The State Of Zwinda Soto, Ppa Jesus Rivera.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Vacating The Decisions Of The Claims Commissioner To Dismiss The Claims Against The State Of Justin Lund And Shawn Saunders And Authorizing The Claimants To Sue The State.. Description: Resolution Vacating The Decisions Of The Claims Commissioner To Dismiss The Claims Against The State Of Justin Lund And Shawn Saunders And Authorizing The Claimants To Sue The State.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Decision Of The Claims Commissioner To Deny Or Dismiss Certain Claims Against The State.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Decision Of The Claims Commissioner To Deny Or Dismiss Certain Claims Against The State.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Decision Of The Claims Commissioner Ordering Immediate Payment Of An Award Of Three Thousand Dollars To Constantinos Antonaras In His Claim Against The State.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Decision Of The Claims Commissioner Ordering Immediate Payment Of An Award Of Three Thousand Dollars To Constantinos Antonaras In His Claim Against The State.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Janis C. Jerman Of New Britain To Be A Member Of The Department Of Education Arbitration Panel.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Janis C. Jerman Of New Britain To Be A Member Of The Department Of Education Arbitration Panel.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Michael E. Pohl Of Manchester To Be A Member Of The Board Of Pardons And Paroles.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Michael E. Pohl Of Manchester To Be A Member Of The Board Of Pardons And Paroles.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Deborah Smith Palmieri Of Guilford To Be A Member Of The Board Of Pardons And Paroles.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Deborah Smith Palmieri Of Guilford To Be A Member Of The Board Of Pardons And Paroles.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Nancy A. Turner Of Groton To Be A Member Of The Board Of Pardons And Paroles.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Nancy A. Turner Of Groton To Be A Member Of The Board Of Pardons And Paroles.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Jennifer M. Zaccagnini Of Oakville To Be A Member Of The Board Of Pardons And Paroles.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Jennifer M. Zaccagnini Of Oakville To Be A Member Of The Board Of Pardons And Paroles.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Stephen D. Dargan Of West Haven To Be A Member Of The Board Of Pardons And Paroles.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Stephen D. Dargan Of West Haven To Be A Member Of The Board Of Pardons And Paroles.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Juanita T. James Of Stamford To Be A Member Of The Board Of Regents For Higher Education.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Juanita T. James Of Stamford To Be A Member Of The Board Of Regents For Higher Education.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Lawrence D. Muldoon Of Bridgeport To Be A Member Of The Judicial Review Council.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Lawrence D. Muldoon Of Bridgeport To Be A Member Of The Judicial Review Council.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Susan Quinn Cobb Of West Hartford To Be A Member Of The Judicial Review Council.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Susan Quinn Cobb Of West Hartford To Be A Member Of The Judicial Review Council.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Christine Benz Of New Hartford To Be A Member Of The Technical Education And Career System Board.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Christine Benz Of New Hartford To Be A Member Of The Technical Education And Career System Board.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Caroline Simmons Of Stamford To Be A Member Of The Connecticut Commuter Rail Council.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Caroline Simmons Of Stamford To Be A Member Of The Connecticut Commuter Rail Council.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of D. Lincoln Woodard Of Glastonbury To Be A Member Of The Judicial Review Council.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of D. Lincoln Woodard Of Glastonbury To Be A Member Of The Judicial Review Council.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of James V. Gildea Of Derby To Be A Member Of The Technical Education And Career System Board.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of James V. Gildea Of Derby To Be A Member Of The Technical Education And Career System Board.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Jeff Auker Of Coventry To Be A Member Of The Technical Education And Career System Board.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Jeff Auker Of Coventry To Be A Member Of The Technical Education And Career System Board.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of John Allen Carter Of Newtown To Be A Member Of The Connecticut Port Authority Board Of Directors.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of John Allen Carter Of Newtown To Be A Member Of The Connecticut Port Authority Board Of Directors.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Sophia Jappinen Of Avon To Be A Member Of The Board Of Regents For Higher Education.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Sophia Jappinen Of Avon To Be A Member Of The Board Of Regents For Higher Education.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Glenn W. Dowd Of Granby To Be A Member Of The Judicial Review Council.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Glenn W. Dowd Of Granby To Be A Member Of The Judicial Review Council.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Charlene W. Spencer, Esquire, Of Vernon To Be A Family Support Magistrate.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Charlene W. Spencer, Esquire, Of Vernon To Be A Family Support Magistrate.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Ann F. Lawlor, Esquire, Of North Haven To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Ann F. Lawlor, Esquire, Of North Haven To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Karen L. Demeola, Esquire, Of Tolland To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Karen L. Demeola, Esquire, Of Tolland To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Lynn Alvey Dawson, Esquire, Of Cheshire To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Lynn Alvey Dawson, Esquire, Of Cheshire To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Vikki Cooper, Esquire, Of Fairfield To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Vikki Cooper, Esquire, Of Fairfield To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Moira L. Buckley, Esquire, Of Glastonbury To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Moira L. Buckley, Esquire, Of Glastonbury To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Matthew Larock, Esquire, Of Weatogue To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Matthew Larock, Esquire, Of Weatogue To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Daniel J. Fox, Esquire, Of Stamford To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Daniel J. Fox, Esquire, Of Stamford To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Gregory C. Davis, Esquire, Of Bloomfield To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Gregory C. Davis, Esquire, Of Bloomfield To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Patrick F. Caruso, Esquire, Of Madison To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Patrick F. Caruso, Esquire, Of Madison To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Mark T. Altermatt, Esquire, Of Bolton To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Mark T. Altermatt, Esquire, Of Bolton To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Concerning The Joint Rules For The September Special Session, 2023.. Description: Resolution Concerning The Joint Rules For The September Special Session, 2023.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Concerning The Expenses Of The September Special Session, 2023.. Description: Resolution Concerning The Expenses Of The September Special Session, 2023.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Concerning The Printing Of The Journals Of The Senate And House Of Representatives For The September Special Session, 2023.. Description: Resolution Concerning The Printing Of The Journals Of The Senate And House Of Representatives For The September Special Session, 2023.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Concerning The Joint Rules Of The Senate And The House Of Representatives.. Description: Resolution Concerning The Joint Rules Of The Senate And The House Of Representatives.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Concerning Publication Of The Legislative Bulletin, Printing Of Bills And Expenses Of The 2023 Session Of The General Assembly.. Description: Resolution Concerning Publication Of The Legislative Bulletin, Printing Of Bills And Expenses Of The 2023 Session Of The General Assembly.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Inviting The Governor To Join The Joint Convention.. Description: Resolution Inviting The Governor To Join The Joint Convention.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Concerning The Printing Of The Governor's Message.. Description: Resolution Concerning The Printing Of The Governor's Message.
In 2023, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: Resolution Recognizing And Honoring Veterans Of The Vietnam War Who Were Exposed To Agent Orange.. Description: Resolution Recognizing And Honoring Veterans Of The Vietnam War Who Were Exposed To Agent Orange.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Robin Pavia Of Easton To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Robin Pavia Of Easton To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Sheila M. Prats Of Avon To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Sheila M. Prats Of Avon To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Earl B. Richards, Iii Of Woodbridge To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Earl B. Richards, Iii Of Woodbridge To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Bernadette Conway Of North Haven To Be A Senior Judge Of The Superior Court.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Bernadette Conway Of North Haven To Be A Senior Judge Of The Superior Court.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Arthur A. Hiller Of Shelton To Be A State Referee.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Arthur A. Hiller Of Shelton To Be A State Referee.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Robert B. Shapiro Of Avon To Be A State Referee.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Robert B. Shapiro Of Avon To Be A State Referee.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Anthony P. Fusco Of Brookfield To Be A Family Support Magistrate.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Anthony P. Fusco Of Brookfield To Be A Family Support Magistrate.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Richard G. Adams Of Middlefield To Be A Family Support Referee.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Richard G. Adams Of Middlefield To Be A Family Support Referee.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Vincent Mauro, Jr. Of New Haven To Be A Member Of The Board Of Directors Of The Connecticut Airport Authority.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Vincent Mauro, Jr. Of New Haven To Be A Member Of The Board Of Directors Of The Connecticut Airport Authority.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Raising A Committee To Inform The Governor That The Senate And House Of Representatives Are Met In Joint Convention To Receive His Budget Message.. Description: Resolution Raising A Committee To Inform The Governor That The Senate And House Of Representatives Are Met In Joint Convention To Receive His Budget Message.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Concerning The Printing Of The Governor's Budget Message.. Description: Resolution Concerning The Printing Of The Governor's Budget Message.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Jodi Murray Gregg Of Stamford To Be A Workers' Compensation Administrative Law Judge.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Jodi Murray Gregg Of Stamford To Be A Workers' Compensation Administrative Law Judge.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Shanique Fenlator, Esquire, Of Hartford To Be A Workers' Compensation Administrative Law Judge.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Shanique Fenlator, Esquire, Of Hartford To Be A Workers' Compensation Administrative Law Judge.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable William J. Watson, Iii, Of Berlin To Be A Workers' Compensation Administrative Law Judge.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable William J. Watson, Iii, Of Berlin To Be A Workers' Compensation Administrative Law Judge.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Daniel E. Dilzer Of Berlin To Be A Workers' Compensation Administrative Law Judge.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Daniel E. Dilzer Of Berlin To Be A Workers' Compensation Administrative Law Judge.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Stephen Morelli Of Berlin To Be A Workers' Compensation Administrative Law Judge.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Stephen Morelli Of Berlin To Be A Workers' Compensation Administrative Law Judge.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Erin E. Stewart Of New Britain To Be A Member Of The Board Of Regents For Higher Education.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Erin E. Stewart Of New Britain To Be A Member Of The Board Of Regents For Higher Education.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Kyle F. Zimmer Of South Windsor To Be A Member Of The Advisory Board Of The Workers' Compensation Commission.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Kyle F. Zimmer Of South Windsor To Be A Member Of The Advisory Board Of The Workers' Compensation Commission.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Robert J. Ziobrowski Of Mansfield To Be A Member Of The Advisory Board Of The Workers' Compensation Commission.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Robert J. Ziobrowski Of Mansfield To Be A Member Of The Advisory Board Of The Workers' Compensation Commission.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Barbara J. Collins Of West Hartford To Be Reappointed A Member Of The Connecticut State Board Of Labor Relations.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Barbara J. Collins Of West Hartford To Be Reappointed A Member Of The Connecticut State Board Of Labor Relations.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Erin D. Benham Of Wallingford To Be Reappointed A Member Of The State Board Of Education.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Erin D. Benham Of Wallingford To Be Reappointed A Member Of The State Board Of Education.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Katherine C. Foley Of Middletown To Be A Member Of The Connecticut State Board Of Labor Relations.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Katherine C. Foley Of Middletown To Be A Member Of The Connecticut State Board Of Labor Relations.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Praja Tickoo Of New Canaan To Be A Nonvoting Student Member Of The State Board Of Education.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Praja Tickoo Of New Canaan To Be A Nonvoting Student Member Of The State Board Of Education.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of James F. Mccarthy, Jr. Of Clinton To Be A Member Of The Board Of Regents For Higher Education.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of James F. Mccarthy, Jr. Of Clinton To Be A Member Of The Board Of Regents For Higher Education.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Paul A. Whitescarver Of Gales Ferry To Be A Member Of The Board Of Directors Of The Connecticut Port Authority.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Paul A. Whitescarver Of Gales Ferry To Be A Member Of The Board Of Directors Of The Connecticut Port Authority.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Valli Pendyala Of South Windsor To Be A Nonvoting Student Member Of The State Board Of Education.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Valli Pendyala Of South Windsor To Be A Nonvoting Student Member Of The State Board Of Education.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Neville A. Brooks Of East Hartford To Be A Member Of The Board Of Pardons And Paroles.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Neville A. Brooks Of East Hartford To Be A Member Of The Board Of Pardons And Paroles.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Rufaro B. Page Of Naugatuck To Be A Member Of The Board Of Pardons And Paroles.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Rufaro B. Page Of Naugatuck To Be A Member Of The Board Of Pardons And Paroles.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Robert F. Shea, Jr. Of West Hartford To Be Claims Commissioner.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Robert F. Shea, Jr. Of West Hartford To Be Claims Commissioner.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Sergio Rodriguez Of New Haven To Be A Member Of The Board Of Pardons And Paroles.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Sergio Rodriguez Of New Haven To Be A Member Of The Board Of Pardons And Paroles.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Carleton J. Giles Of Milford To Be A Member Of The Board Of Pardons And Paroles.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Carleton J. Giles Of Milford To Be A Member Of The Board Of Pardons And Paroles.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Joy Chance Of Bloomfield To Be A Member Of The Board Of Pardons And Paroles.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Joy Chance Of Bloomfield To Be A Member Of The Board Of Pardons And Paroles.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Gregory B. Nokes Of Glastonbury To Be Reappointed A Member Of The Advisory Board Of The Workers' Compensation Commission.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Gregory B. Nokes Of Glastonbury To Be Reappointed A Member Of The Advisory Board Of The Workers' Compensation Commission.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Brooke A. Foley Of South Glastonbury To Be A Member Of The Advisory Board Of The Workers' Compensation Commission.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Brooke A. Foley Of South Glastonbury To Be A Member Of The Advisory Board Of The Workers' Compensation Commission.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Patricia M. Keavney-maruca Of Prospect To Be A Member Of The Technical Education And Career System Board.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Patricia M. Keavney-maruca Of Prospect To Be A Member Of The Technical Education And Career System Board.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Karen Wosczyna-birch Of Farmington To Be A Member Of The Technical Education And Career System Board.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Karen Wosczyna-birch Of Farmington To Be A Member Of The Technical Education And Career System Board.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Lance E. Hall Of Windsor To Be A Member Of The Technical Education And Career System Board.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Lance E. Hall Of Windsor To Be A Member Of The Technical Education And Career System Board.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Dr. Agnes Quinones Of Meriden To Be Chairperson Of The Board Of Directors Of The State Education Resource Center.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Dr. Agnes Quinones Of Meriden To Be Chairperson Of The Board Of Directors Of The State Education Resource Center.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Dr. Diane Clare-kearney Of Manchester To Be A Member Of The Board Of Directors Of The State Education Resource Center.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Dr. Diane Clare-kearney Of Manchester To Be A Member Of The Board Of Directors Of The State Education Resource Center.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Jennifer J. Tunnard, Esquire, Of Ridgefield To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Jennifer J. Tunnard, Esquire, Of Ridgefield To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Sharon A. Skyers, Esquire, Of New Haven To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Sharon A. Skyers, Esquire, Of New Haven To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Thomas J. Saadi, Esquire, Of Danbury To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Thomas J. Saadi, Esquire, Of Danbury To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Richard J. Rubino, Esquire, Of West Hartford To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Richard J. Rubino, Esquire, Of West Hartford To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Thomas J. O'neill, Esquire, Of Fairfield To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Thomas J. O'neill, Esquire, Of Fairfield To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Yamini Menon, Esquire, Of Westport To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Yamini Menon, Esquire, Of Westport To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Walter A. Menjivar, Esquire, Of West Hartford To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Walter A. Menjivar, Esquire, Of West Hartford To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Jacquelyn B. Kercelius, Esquire, Of Hamden To Be A Family Support Magistrate.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Jacquelyn B. Kercelius, Esquire, Of Hamden To Be A Family Support Magistrate.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Paul R. Doyle, Esquire, Of Wethersfield To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Paul R. Doyle, Esquire, Of Wethersfield To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Jason Welch, Esquire, Of Bristol To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Jason Welch, Esquire, Of Bristol To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Emily H. Wagner, Esquire, Of West Hartford To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Emily H. Wagner, Esquire, Of West Hartford To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Raising A Committee Of Two Senators And Two Representatives To Inform The Governor That The Senate And House Of Representatives Are In Joint Convention For The Purpose Of Adjournment.. Description: Resolution Raising A Committee Of Two Senators And Two Representatives To Inform The Governor That The Senate And House Of Representatives Are In Joint Convention For The Purpose Of Adjournment.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Concerning The Printing Of The Governor's Message.. Description: Resolution Concerning The Printing Of The Governor's Message.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Nora R. Dannehy, Esquire, Of Glastonbury To Be An Associate Judge Of The Supreme Court And A Judge Of The Superior Court.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Nora R. Dannehy, Esquire, Of Glastonbury To Be An Associate Judge Of The Supreme Court And A Judge Of The Superior Court.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Concerning The Joint Rules Of The September 26 Special Session, 2023.. Description: Resolution Concerning The Joint Rules Of The September 26 Special Session, 2023.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Concerning The Expenses Of The September 26 Special Session, 2023.. Description: Resolution Concerning The Expenses Of The September 26 Special Session, 2023.
In 2023, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Concerning The Printing Of The Journals Of The Senate And House Of Representatives For The September 26 Special Session, 2023.. Description: Resolution Concerning The Printing Of The Journals Of The Senate And House Of Representatives For The September 26 Special Session, 2023.
In 2021, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Copying Of Public Records Under The Freedom Of Information Act With A Hand-held Scanner.. Description: To reduce the fee for copying public records and eliminate the fee for copying records that are not land records with a camera, cell phone or portable scanner.
In 2021, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Establishing A First-time Homebuyer Savings Account, Establishing Tax Deductions For Contributions To First-time Homebuyer Savings Accounts And The Withdrawal Of Certain Eligible Costs, Directing The Treasurer To Make Recommendations Concerning Marketable Securities And Establishing A Financial Literacy Trust Fund.. Description: To require the Banking Commissioner to establish a first-time homebuyer savings account program and to establish a tax deduction for contributions to first-time homebuyer savings accounts.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Requiring The Payment Of A Reward To Patricia "pidgie" D'allessio.. Description: To recognize and compensate Ms. Patricia "Pidgie" D'Allessio for her role in the identification, arrest and conviction of serial predator Robert Nelson Malm, who sexually assaulted Ms. D'Allessio and sexually assaulted and murdered eleven-year-old Irene Fiederowicz.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Data Privacy Breaches.. Description: To expand the data privacy breach notification statute to protect consumers.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Breastfeeding In The Workplace.. Description: To specify certain parameters for a room or other location in the workplace that accommodates employee breastfeeding.
In 2021, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Installers Of Residential Vertical Platform Lifts.. Description: To establish a residential vertical platform lift technician's license.
In 2021, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Muay Thai As A Form Of Mixed Martial Arts.. Description: To redefine the definition of mixed martial arts to include muay thai.
In 2021, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Tobacco Bars.. Description: To allow for the expansion, change in location and establishment of tobacco bars.
In 2021, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Price Gouging.. Description: To prohibit price gouging.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Boats, Motor Vehicles In Livery Service And In-state Transporters Permits For Alcoholic Liquor.. Description: To allow the consumption of alcoholic liquor on vessels and vehicles under an in-state transporter's permit for alcoholic liquor.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Acceptable Forms Of Currency As Payment In Local Businesses.. Description: To prohibit persons who offer consumer goods and services to the public from refusing to accept cash as a form of payment.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Removal Of Covid-19 Related Layoffs From The Unemployment Compensation Experience Account.. Description: To remove COVID-19 related layoffs from the unemployment experience account.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Naming The Troop K State Police Barracks In Colchester In Honor Of Linda A. Orange.. Description: To name the Troop K State Police Barracks in honor of late State Representative Linda A. Orange.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Driver Responsibility At Inoperative Traffic Control Signals.. Description: To require a motor vehicle operator, when approaching an intersection with an inoperative traffic control signal, to stop as though such intersection was controlled by a stop sign.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Pedestrian Safety, The Vision Zero Council, Speed Limits In Municipalities, Fines And Charges For Certain Violations And The Greenways Commemorative Account.. Description: To (1) require motorists to grant the right-of-way to pedestrians who affirmatively indicate their intention to cross the road in a crosswalk; (2) increase the fine for operating a motor vehicle while using a hand-held mobile telephone or electronic device; (3) increase the additional fee provided to municipalities for certain traffic violations; (4) establish a fine for opening the door of a motor vehicle in a way that impedes the travel of a pedestrian or a person riding a bicycle; (5) allow local traffic authorities to establish speed limits and pedestrian safety zones; (6) establish the greenways commemorative account; (7) allow the use of automated traffic enforcement safety devices within maintenance work zones; and (8) establish a pilot program to use automated traffic enforcement safety devices in school zones.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Redefining veteran And Establishing A Qualifying Review Board.. Description: To redefine "veteran" and to establish a Qualified Condition Review Board.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Telehealth.. Description: To require a study concerning the expansion of the provision of telehealth services in the state.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Opioids.. Description: To combat the opioid epidemic in the state.
In 2021, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning A Property Owner's Liability For The Expenses Of Removing A Fallen Tree Or Limb.. Description: To impose liability on certain owners of real property for the expenses of removing a tree or limb that falls on an adjoining owner's private real property.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Requiring A Study By The Connecticut Higher Education Supplemental Loan Authority, Establishing A Working Group To Study Certain Issues Concerning Financing For Post-secondary Education And Establishing The Alliance District Teacher Loan Subsidy Program.. Description: To require the Connecticut Higher Education Supplemental Loan Authority to conduct a study.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Establishing A Commission On The Disparate Impact Of Covid-19.. Description: To establish a commission to analyze the disparate impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on different racial, ethnic and socioeconomic groups in the state.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Declarations Of Public Health And Civil Preparedness Emergencies And The Creation Of A Bipartisan Commission To Study Statutes Governing The Issuance Of Such Declarations.. Description: To update our civil preparedness and public health emergency statutes and executive order emergency powers to reflect emerging threats, and to retain a legislative role in defining the duration of such powers.
In 2021, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning An Assessment Of The Updating Of State Forms And Applications To Include A Nonbinary Gender Option.. Description: To require all state agency forms, applications and methods of identification to be updated with a nonbinary gender option.
In 2021, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Designating Pizza As The State Food.. Description: To recognize the contribution of pizza to the state's cuisine and economy by designating it as the state food.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Availability Of Community Violence Prevention Services Under Medicaid.. Description: To make community violence prevention services provided by a qualified violence prevention professional a covered service under the Medicaid program, and to provide for training and certification of qualified violence prevention professionals.
In 2021, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Property Tax Abatement For Certain First-time Home Buyers.. Description: To authorize municipalities to abate up to five hundred dollars per assessment year of property taxes for certain first-time homebuyers obtaining a loan from the Connecticut Housing Finance Authority.
In 2021, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Seizure Of All-terrain Vehicles.. Description: To permit any town to seize an all-terrain vehicle operated in violation of a municipal ordinance.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Establishing A Veterans And Military Tourism Trail.. Description: To create a Veterans and Military Tourism Trail linking museums, memorials, battleground sites and historic sites in the state relating to veterans and the United States armed forces.
In 2021, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Establishing A Task Force On The Reduction Of Student Loan Debt.. Description: To establish a task force to study the amount of student loan debt of students and graduates in the state.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Project Longevity.. Description: To (1) expand the Project Longevity Initiative to the city of Waterbury, and (2) require the Secretary of the Office of Policy and Management to create a plan to implement the initiative on a state-wide basis.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Promotion Of Lottery Winnings.. Description: To require the Connecticut Lottery Corporation to (1) obtain written consent before publishing the photograph of a person who redeems a winning lottery ticket on the corporation's Internet web site, and (2) remove a person's name from the list of winners published on such Internet web site upon request.
In 2021, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Prohibiting The Operation Of Greyhound Racing In The State.. Description: To prohibit greyhound racing in the state.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Department Of Consumer Protection Licensing And Enforcement, Antitrust Issues And The Palliative Use Of Marijuana And Revisions To The Liquor Control Act.. Description: To make minor and technical changes to streamline the Department of Consumer Protection's licensing and enforcement statutes.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning A Special Taxing District Within The City Of West Haven.. Description: To permit the establishment of a special taxing district in West Haven and authorize such district to make expenditures for public and private infrastructure improvements and issue bonds to finance the improvements.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Access To Original Birth Certificates By Adult Adopted Persons.. Description: To grant access to original birth records to all adopted persons eighteen years of age or older who were born in Connecticut regardless of date of birth.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Property Tax Exemption For Certain Renewable Energy Sources And Hydropower Facilities.. Description: To revise the property tax exemption for certain renewable energy sources and hydropower facilities.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Zoning Enabling Act, Accessory Apartments, Training For Certain Land Use Officials, Municipal Affordable Housing Plans And A Commission On Connecticuts Development And Future.. Description: To (1) restructure the Zoning Enabling Act for clarity, (2) promote the purposes of the federal Fair Housing Act, (3) provide an administrative mechanism to promote compliance with municipal affordable housing plans, and (4) require the Secretary of the Office of Policy and Management to convene a working group to study municipal affordable housing plans and zoning regulations.
In 2021, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Electronic Nicotine Delivery Systems And Vapor Products And Online Sales And Shipment.. Description: To require online sellers of electronic nicotine delivery systems and vapor products to require purchasers of such systems and products to (1) provide identification at the time of purchase, and (2) ensure that the name on such identification matches the name on the method of payment used to make the purchase.
In 2021, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Requiring A Survey Of Court-involved Youths.. Description: To require the Court Support Services Division of the Judicial Branch to conduct a survey of court-involved youths in order to ascertain the need for additional or improved services for lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender and queer youths.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Requiring The Provision Of Information Concerning Child Sexual Abuse.. Description: To require the Department of Children and Families to develop, and operators of youth athletic activities and licensees of youth camps to distribute, information concerning appropriate interactions with children and child sexual abuse.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning A Workforce Development Pipeline For Persons With Disabilities.. Description: To require the Department of Economic and Community Development to develop a plan to establish a workforce development pipeline for persons with disabilities.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Exempting Certain Records Concerning Native American Cultural Knowledge From Public Disclosure Under The Freedom Of Information Act.. Description: To facilitate the repatriation of Native American remains and artifacts by enabling state institutions to keep confidential any records provided as evidence that ancestral remains or artifacts were affiliated with a particular tribe.
In 2021, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Revising Certain Absentee Voting Statutes.. Description: To revise certain absentee voting statutes to more closely align the language thereof with that of related state constitutional provisions.
In 2021, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Addressing The Needs Of Food-insecure Students At Public Institutions Of Higher Education.. Description: To require public institutions of higher education to assess and address food insecurity among students and to increase access to the supplemental nutrition assistance program by eligible students at institutions of higher education.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Studying The Consolidation Of Public Safety Answering Points.. Description: To (1) provide incentives for public safety answering points to consolidate and (2) establish a working group to study the consolidation of public safety answering points.
In 2021, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Service Animals.. Description: To align state law with federal law concerning service animals and raise public awareness regarding rights and responsibilities of owners of service, emotional support and therapy animals.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Payment Recoveries And Incentives Under Public Assistance Programs.. Description: To notify family members of deceased persons when the state is claiming their estates for public assistance debt and make permanent a pilot incentive program for providers who deliver public assistance for less than the contracted amount of payment.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Autism Spectrum Disorder Advisory Council.. Description: To add a greater voice for persons with autism spectrum disorder and their families on an advisory council.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Adoption And Implementation Of The Connecticut Parentage Act.. Description: To adopt and implement the Connecticut Parentage Act.
In 2021, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Secretary Of The State, Absentee Ballots And Election Audits.. Description: To (1) require the Secretary of the State to report on certain election laws modified or suspended for any primary or election held in 2020 or 2021, (2) require any declaratory ruling, instruction, opinion or order of the Secretary to be adopted as a regulation and submitted to the Legislative Regulation Review Committee, (3) prohibit the unsolicited mailing of absentee ballots by certain election officials, (4) provide state-wide consistency regarding pre-election day processing of absentee ballots whenever authorized and prohibit registrars of voters from contacting voters for the purpose of curing unsigned absentee ballots, (5) require the Secretary to establish a pilot program from the verification of signatures on returned absentee ballot envelopes, (6) require that absentee ballot applications contain a statement regarding penalties for noncompliance with certain provisions, (7) establish a task force to study the feasibility of single-envelope returns of absentee ballots, (8) establish a working group to examine risk-limiting audits of election results, and (9) change the deadline by which minor parties need to file their rules with the Secretary prior to nominating candidates for office.
In 2021, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Establishing The Office Of The Unemployed Workers' Advocate.. Description: To establish the Office of the Unemployed Workers' Advocate.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Risk Protection Orders Or Warrants And Disqualifiers For Firearm Permits And Eligibility Certificates.. Description: To (1) establish a risk protection order and to expand upon the list of persons who may be complainants for purposes of issuance of a risk warrant; (2) require the Judicial Branch to develop and make available a form and explanatory materials to persons applying for a risk protection order; (3) disqualify persons subject to a standing risk protection order from possessing firearms or ammunition; and (4) penalize any such possession.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Adopting The Uniform Commercial Real Estate Receivership Act.. Description: To adopt the Uniform Commercial Real Estate Receivership Act.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Exempting From Execution Certain Funds In A Judgment Debtor's Account.. Description: To require that financial institutions leave certain exempt funds in a judgment debtor's account.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Sexual Misconduct On College Campuses.. Description: To (1) protect students who report being a victim or witness of sexual assault, stalking or violence from disciplinary action by an institution of higher education, and (2) establish a Council on Sexual Misconduct Climate Survey to approve sexual misconduct climate surveys for use by institutions of higher education in the state.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Codifying Prevailing Wage Contract Rates.. Description: To codify prevailing wage contract rates.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Disclosure Of Salary Range For A Vacant Position.. Description: To require employers to disclose salary ranges for vacant positions and to provide comparable pay for comparable work.
In 2021, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Establishing A Task Force Regarding The State Workforce And Retiring Employees.. Description: To establish a task force to study the state workforce and retiring employees.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Aquatic Invasive Species Effects On Lakes And Related Funding, Certain Group Fishing Events And Eliminating The Season Limitation For The Taking Of Trout.. Description: To examine, address and decrease the effects of invasive aquatic species on the state's lakes.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Enhancements To Certain Agricultural Programs.. Description: To (1) include chicken eggs as part of the state-funded Connecticut Farmers' Market/WIC and Senior Nutrition programs, (2) increase fines for violating certain farm product grading and marketing requirements, (3) provide the Commissioner of Agriculture with infraction authority for the violation of statutes under the commissioner's authority, and (4) increase vouchers for said nutrition programs.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Insurance Discrimination Against Living Organ Donors And Establishing A Chronic Kidney Disease Advisory Committee.. Description: To: (1) Prohibit certain insurers from engaging in certain discrimination against living organ donors; and (2) provide that prohibited discrimination against living organ donors constitutes a violation of the Connecticut Unfair Insurance Practices Act.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Explanations Of Benefits.. Description: To: (1) Require health insurers that deliver, issue for delivery, renew, amend or continue certain health insurance policies in this state to (A) issue explanations of benefits to consumers in certain circumstances, and (B) disclose information concerning explanations of benefits to consumers; and (2) require that explanations of benefits be maintained as confidential in certain circumstances.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Insurance Department's Recommendations Regarding The General Statutes.. Description: To: (1) Modify reporting requirements, and impose a late filing fee and penalty, concerning the public health fee; (2) eliminate an annual report from the Insurance Commissioner to the joint standing committee of the General Assembly having cognizance of matters relating to insurance concerning (A) fires and explosions caused by arson, (B) the workers' compensation fraud unit within the office of the Chief State's Attorney, (C) motor vehicle insurance fraud, and (D) health insurance fraud; (3) modify the Insurance Data Security Law; (4) modify the payment schedule for assessments against domestic insurance companies and other domestic entities; and (5) modify the procedures governing external and expedited external reviews of adverse determinations and final adverse determinations.
In 2021, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Interest On Lottery Sales Agent Delinquency Assessments.. Description: To (1) specify that simple interest is charged on delinquency assessments of lottery sales agents, and (2) allow an agent whose delinquency assessment remains due and was subject to compounding interest to request a hardship waiver from the Commissioner of Consumer Protection to recalculate the interest owed.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Various Revisions To Statutes Concerning The Department Of Mental Health And Addiction Services.. Description: To allow (1) patients in the maximum security building at Whiting Forensic Hospital to be present during routine searches of personal belongings and to add two members to the hospital's advisory board, and (2) the Department of Mental Health and Addiction Services to use one electronic health record system that all clinical staff can use for documentation across all department clinics and hospitals.
In 2021, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Centers For Disease Control And Prevention Youth Risk Behavior Survey.. Description: To require the Department of Public Health to administer the national Youth Risk Behavior Survey and the Child Advocate to develop questions assessing the risk of youths becoming victims of sexual assault or misconduct by an adult.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Higher Education.. Description: To require the Office of Higher Education to study issues related to higher education.
In 2021, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Requiring Housing Authorities To Provide Voter Registration Applications To Prospective Tenants.. Description: To require housing authorities to provide prospective tenants with voter registration applications.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning A Low-carbon Fuel Blend Of Heating Oil.. Description: To require a low-carbon fuel blend of heating oil in the state and to establish a Bioheat Advisory Board.
In 2021, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Requiring A Study Of A Municipal Energy Security Authority.. Description: To require the Commissioner of Energy and Environmental Protection to study whether to recognize a Municipal Energy Security Authority in the state.
In 2021, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Requiring The Study Of The Use Of Technology In The State.. Description: To require the Commissioner of Energy and Environmental Protection to conduct a study to determine whether policy and procedural changes within the Department of Energy and Environmental Protection may increase the effectiveness of the use of technology in the state.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Requiring Background Checks For Certain Employees Of Youth Camps And Youth Sports Coaches, Trainers And Instructors.. Description: To require youth camp employees who are eighteen years of age or older to submit to a comprehensive background check.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Property Tax Exemption For Certain Municipal Volunteers.. Description: To increase the property tax exemption for certain municipal volunteers from one thousand dollars to two thousand dollars.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Requiring A Study Of The Obstacles To Merging Or Consolidating Municipal Fire Districts And Fire Departments.. Description: To require the Secretary of the Office of Policy and Management to conduct a study regarding the obstacles to merging or consolidating the fire districts or fire departments of two or more municipalities.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Immunizations.. Description: To protect the public health by ensuring adequate and appropriate immunizations of children.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Organizational Structure And Bylaws Of The Militia Units.. Description: To require the Governor to determine the structure of the militia units and authorize the Adjutant General to issue bylaws, regulations, orders and circulars for the militia.
In 2021, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Establishing A Working Group To Study The Expansion Of Property Tax Relief For Certain Veterans.. Description: To establish a task force to study the feasibility of expanding property tax relief for certain veterans, and the fiscal impact on municipalities of any such expanded tax relief.
In 2021, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Walk-throughs Of Rental Property Prior To Occupancy And Late Rental Payments.. Description: To permit tenants to request an inspection of rental property prior to occupancy and after notice of termination of a tenancy, to cap late fees for rental payments and to create a Rental Housing Ombudsman within the Department of Housing.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Establishing The Open Choice Vouchers Pilot Program.. Description: To establish a pilot program to enable certain families participating in the interdistrict public school attendance program to move to the town where their children attend school.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Climate Change Adaptation.. Description: To implement the Governor's budget recommendations.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Equitable Access To Broadband.. Description: To implement the Governor's budget recommendations.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Modernization Of State Services And The Membership Of The Commission For Educational Technology.. Description: To implement the Governor's budget recommendations.
In 2021, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Access To Local Government, The Modernization Of Local Government Operations, Regional Councils Of Government And The Provision Of Outdoor Dining.. Description: To implement the Governor's budget recommendations.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Expanding Economic Opportunity In Occupations Licensed By The Departments Of Public Health And Consumer Protection And Requiring A Report From Certain Executive Branch Agencies Regarding Background Checks And The Feasibility Of Establishing Preclearance Assessments Of Criminal History.. Description: To implement the Governor's budget recommendations.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Authorization, Licensing And Regulation Of Online Casino Gaming, Retail And Online Sports Wagering, Fantasy Contests, Keno And Online Sale Of Lottery Tickets.. Description: To implement the Governor's budget recommendations.
In 2021, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Requiring The Banking Commissioner To Consider The Performance Of Certain Banks Under The Community Reinvestment Act Before Approving The Establishment Of Certain Loan Production Offices And Establishing A Working Group To Examine The Community Reinvestment Act.. Description: To require the Banking Commissioner to consider certain banks' compliance with the Community Reinvestment Act of 1977, and overall Community Reinvestment Act rating prior to approving the establishment of certain loan production offices.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Access To Recordings And Images From Technology Used By Nursing Home Residents For Virtual Visitation And Virtual Monitoring.. Description: To study whether there are enough nursing home facilities to provide institutional care in the future.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Lowering The Age Of Eligibility For Property Tax Relief For Senior Citizens And Establishing A Task Force To Protect Senior Citizens From Fraud.. Description: To authorize municipalities to lower the age for property tax relief for senior citizens.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Use Of Force By A Peace Officer.. Description: To delay changes to provisions concerning use of force by a peace officer enacted as part of public act 20-1 of the July special session and to make certain other changes to said provisions.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Department Of Correction, A Reentry Employment Advisory Committee, Public Safety Committees In Municipalities Where A Correctional Facility Is Located, The Disclosure Of Records, The Protection Of Personal Data Relating To An Employee Of The Department Of Correction And The Provision Of Debit Cards To Incarcerated Persons At The Time Of Release.. Description: To (1) revise the duties and composition of public safety committees in municipalities where a correctional facility is located, (2) establish a reentry employment advisory committee, (3) provide added protections for employees of the Department of Correction relating to the disclosure of personal data, (4) require disclosure of certain records by the Department of Children and Families to the Department of Correction, (5) provide for issuance of a debit card to an incarcerated person upon release for easier access to his or her funds, and (6) make minor changes concerning the Department of Correction.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Property That Is Exempt From A Judgment Creditor.. Description: To increase the value of certain personal and real property that shall be exempt from a judgment creditor and to provide that the cash surrender value of life insurance policies shall also be exempt from a judgment creditor.
In 2021, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Small Business Express Program.. Description: To increase access to capital for businesses, opportunity zones and distressed municipalities.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Home Health, Telehealth And Utilization Review.. Description: To ease health care access by making permanent certain changes related to home health, telehealth and utilization review in the medical assistance program that were implemented by executive order during the COVID-19 public health emergency.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning A Disparity Study.. Description: To require a disparity study.
In 2021, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Volunteer Fire Departments And Ambulance Companies And The Definition Of Employer Under The State Occupational Safety And Health Act.. Description: To clarify the definition of employer regarding volunteer fire departments and ambulance companies under the State Occupational Safety and Health Act.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Funeral Expenses Of Certain Veterans.. Description: To specify the funeral expenses covered by the sum paid by the state for certain veterans.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Enrollment Of Children Of Members Of The Armed Forces In Public Schools And The Establishment Of A Purple Star School Program.. Description: To allow military orders to be accepted as proof of residency for the purpose of enrollment in a public school by children of members of the armed forces and to establish a Purple Star School Program.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Recommendations By The Department Of Transportation.. Description: To implement the recommendations of the Department of Transportation.
In 2021, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Connecticut Hydrogen And Electric Automobile Purchase Rebate.. Description: To study ways to ensure the equitable distribution of rebates under the Connecticut hydrogen and electric automobile purchase rebate program.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Electronic Defense Weapons.. Description: To remove the prohibition on possession of nonlethal electronic defense weapons.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Education And Training In Exertional Heat Illness For Coaches, Parents, Guardians And Students.. Description: To require exertional heat illness training for coaches, students, parents and guardians.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Down Payment Assistance Program, Affordability Incentive Zones And Bonds Of Board Members And Other Employees Of The Connecticut Housing Finance Authority.. Description: To (1) require the Connecticut Housing Finance Authority to establish certain guidelines under the down payment assistance program, (2) allow the Connecticut Housing Finance Authority to establish affordability incentive zones under the down payment assistance program, and (3) clarify that loans issued under the down payment assistance program may include the reasonable closing costs of the purchase of a dwelling.
In 2021, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Equity, Fair Lending And The Banking Commissioners Authority To Permit Individuals To Engage In Certain Licensed Or Registered Activities From A Location Other Than A Licensed Office.. Description: To (1) prohibit certain financial institutions from engaging in certain discriminatory conduct, (2) require the Banking Commissioner to implement fair lending examination procedures, and (3) require certain banks to take reasonable measures to make certain residential loan products available to certain areas.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Certain Soil-related Initiatives.. Description: To authorize the use of certain sites for soil material deposits, encourage healthy soils and expedite certain dredging requirements for marina basin applications.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Supplemental Revisions To The State's Hemp Program Statute.. Description: To make additional revisions to the state's hemp program statute, as required by the federal government.
In 2021, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Streamlining Of Certain Programs Of The Department Of Energy And Environmental Protection.. Description: To make minor and technical revisions to various programmatic statutes of the Department of Energy and Environmental Protection in an effort to streamline aspects of such programs.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Siting Of Anaerobic Digestion Facilities On Farms And The Expanded Use And Establishment Of Certain Compost Facilities And Standards.. Description: To encourage the timely siting and applicable permitting of anaerobic digesters on farms while establishing workable feed stock requirements for such facilities.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Animal Welfare.. Description: To make various revisions to animal-related statutes concerning domestic and companion animals and rabies quarantine periods.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Court Operations.. Description: To: (1) Make various changes to statutes that facilitate the continuation of ongoing court processes without requiring a person to appear in court; (2) update terminology relating to "juvenile residential centers"; (3) update provisions relating to the adoption of judicial rules; (4) make changes to statutes affecting the taking of oaths and the ability of a person to designate others to act on his or her behalf; (5) improve efficiencies with respect to various court processes; and (6) make conforming and technical changes to various statutes.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Procedures Of The Office Of The Claims Commissioner.. Description: To revise procedures of the Office of the Claims Commissioner, including authorizing claimants to file a certificate of merit for claims seeking permission to sue the state, allowing the Office of the Claims Commissioner to grant permission to sue the state without a hearing under certain circumstances and providing that certain claims that have not been disposed of within a specified time be deemed to have been granted permission to sue the state.
In 2021, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning School-based Mental Health Clinics.. Description: To require the Department of Public Health to establish school-based mental health clinics for the purpose of expanding access to mental, emotional and behavioral health services for students.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Requiring The Provision Of Information Concerning Childrens Behavioral And Mental Health Resources In Hospital Emergency Departments And Schools.. Description: To require (1) the Behavioral Health Partnership Oversight Council to develop a document describing the resources available to children with psychiatric disabilities and behavioral health disorders, and (2) hospital emergency departments to provide such document to parents and guardians of certain children upon discharge from such departments.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Incentives For Qualified Data Centers To Locate In The State.. Description: An Act Concerning Incentives For Qualified Data Centers To Locate In The State.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Creating A Respectful And Open World For Natural Hair.. Description: An Act Creating A Respectful And Open World For Natural Hair.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Mitigating Adverse Tax Consequences Resulting From Employees Working Remotely During Covid-19, And Concerning The Removal Of Liens On The Property Of Public Assistance Beneficiaries And A Three-tiered Grants In Lieu Of Taxes Program.. Description: An Act Mitigating Adverse Tax Consequences Resulting From Employees Working Remotely During Covid-19, And Concerning The Removal Of Liens On The Property Of Public Assistance Beneficiaries And A Three-tiered Grants In Lieu Of Taxes Program.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Implementing The Recommendations Of The Task Force To Analyze The Implementation Of Laws Governing Dyslexia Instruction And Training.. Description: To implement the recommendations of the task force to analyze the implementation of laws governing dyslexia instruction and training.
In 2021, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Data Collection To Prevent Malnutrition Among Senior Citizens.. Description: To collect data on malnutrition risks for senior citizens and ensure that they have adequate nutritional assistance.
In 2021, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Provision Of Temporary State Services To Victims Of Domestic Violence.. Description: To provide temporary state assistance to victims of domestic violence regardless of household income.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Solicitation Of New Fuel Cell Electricity Generation Projects.. Description: To expand the existing solicitation process for new fuel cell generation projects.
In 2021, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Establishing A Task Force To Study Electric Distribution Companies.. Description: To establish a task force to study (1) electric distribution companies and such companies' accountability and responsiveness to ratepayers, and (2) the introduction of competition in the electric transmission or distribution services industry in Connecticut.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Electric Suppliers.. Description: To mandate provisions in new electric supplier contracts and prohibit the assignment or transfer of customers without approval.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Increasing The Total Output Of Class Iii Sources.. Description: To increase the total output of Class III sources to five per cent between January 1, 2022, and January 1, 2025.
In 2021, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Housing Authorities.. Description: To create an Office of the Housing Advocate, require training for housing authority commissioners and criminal history records checks for housing authority employees, and require housing authorities to provide certain contact information and notify tenants of their rights.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Right To Counsel In Eviction Proceedings, The Validity Of Inland Wetlands Permits In Relation To Certain Other Land Use Approvals, And Extending The Time Of Expiration Of Certain Land Use Permits.. Description: To establish a right to counsel in eviction proceedings.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Emergency Action Plans For Interscholastic And Intramural Athletic Events.. Description: To require public and nonpublic schools to develop and implement emergency action plans for responding to serious and life-threatening sports-related injuries that occur during interscholastic and intramural athletic events.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Making Revisions To The Common Interest Ownership Act.. Description: To make revisions to the Common Interest Ownership Act, regarding electronic meetings of an association, access to association records and certain notices from an association.
In 2021, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning A Study Of The Use Of Kratom In Connecticut.. Description: To permit certain holders of commercial driver's licenses to participate in a pretrial alcohol education program.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning An Extension Of Time For The Expiration Of Certain Land Use Approvals.. Description: To provide that, for certain approvals of land use applications by municipal planning or zoning commissions that first require reports from municipal inland wetlands agencies, permits issued by such inland wetlands agencies shall not take effect until such planning or zoning commissions approve such land use applications.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning A Working Group Regarding The Protection And Preservation Of Historic Properties.. Description: To require the Commissioner of Economic and Community Development to convene a working group to develop a plan to support and facilitate historic preservation efforts by municipalities, historical societies and other nonprofit entities.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Recommendations Of The Jury Selection Task Force.. Description: To implement the recommendations of the Jury Selection Task Force.
In 2021, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Rights Of Residents In Nursing Home Facilities To Use The Technology Of Their Choice For Virtual Connections To Family, Friends And Other Persons.. Description: To allow residents of long-term care facilities to use technology of their choice.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Legislative Oversight And Approval Of Covid-19 Relief Funds.. Description: To establish a process for legislative oversight and approval of the allocation of COVID-19 relief funds from the federal government.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Issues Relating To The Provision Of Early Childhood Education And Services In Connecticut.. Description: To (1) establish a pilot program that authorizes the Commissioner of Early Childhood to issue a license to a person or group of persons to operate a family child care home in a space that is not a private home and that has been provided by an association, organization, corporation, institution or agency, (2) establish a student loan forgiveness program for early childhood educators, (3) establish a personal income tax credit for certain employees of child care service providers, (4) expand eligibility in the Care4Kids program for certain parents and caretakers, (5) to permit families seeking employment or enrolled in certain education programs to participate in programs provided by state-contracted child care centers, and (6) to establish a task force to analyze and make recommendations concerning early childhood educator licensing and workforce development.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Implementing The Recommendations Of The Office Of Early Childhood.. Description: To implement the recommendations of the Office of Early Childhood.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Secondhand Dealers, Precious Metals Or Stones Dealers And Pawnbrokers.. Description: To (1) remove the sunset date relating to methods of payment that secondhand dealers and precious metals or stones dealers may use when paying for property received, and (2) require dealers of precious metals and stones to retain certain property for ten days prior to the sale or disposition of such property.
In 2021, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Peer-to-peer Car Sharing.. Description: To regulate the operations of and insurance requirements for peer-to-peer car sharing programs.
In 2021, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Commercial Property Assessed Clean Energy Program.. Description: To create financing opportunities for zero-emission vehicle infrastructure and resiliency measures.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Revisions To The State Codes Of Ethics.. Description: To make revisions to the State Codes of Ethics concerning the scope of gift prohibitions, reporting of gifts, authority of the ethics enforcement officer, activities involving consultants and independent contractors, findings of ethics violations, permitting certain filings to be electronic and the repeal of certain provisions.
In 2021, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Nondisclosure Of Residential Addresses Of Certain Employees Under The Freedom Of Information Act.. Description: To prohibit the disclosure under the Freedom of Information Act of the residential addresses of employees of the office of the Attorney General.
In 2021, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Participation In The Electoral Process.. Description: To (1) restore, without the payment of certain fines, the electoral privileges of convicted felons who are on parole, (2) codify existing practice, under a memorandum of understanding, regarding voter registration procedures at the Department of Motor Vehicles, and (3) eliminate registrar-appointed challengers from who may be present in the polling place during a primary or election.
In 2021, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Revising Certain Statutes Concerning Voter Registration And Election Administration.. Description: To revise or repeal certain election administration laws concerning (1) admission of electors and maintenance of registry lists, (2) training of certain election officials, (3) residential status of tabulator tenders, and (4) delivery of election returns to the Secretary of the State, town clerks and registrars of voters.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Agricultural Education Programs.. Description: To require The University of Connecticut to study the feasibility of establishing food and agricultural education programs.
In 2021, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Health Insurance Coverage For Epinephrine Cartridge Injectors, Health Carriers, Pharmacy Benefits Managers And The Cost Impact Of Certain Mandated Health Insurance Benefits.. Description: To provide that certain individual and group health insurance policies shall not impose a coinsurance, copayment, deductible or out-of-pocket expense for a covered epinephrine cartridge injector in an amount that is greater than twenty-five dollars.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Psychotropic Drugs And Mental Health Services.. Description: To: (1) Provide that no individual or group health insurance policy providing coverage for outpatient prescription drugs shall (A) require a prescribing health care provider to prescribe a supply of a covered outpatient psychotropic drug that is larger than the supply of such drug that such provider deems clinically appropriate, or (B) if a prescribing health care provider deems a ninety-day supply of a covered outpatient psychotropic drug to be clinically inappropriate and prescribes less than a ninety-day supply of such drug, impose a coinsurance, copayment, deductible or other out-of-pocket expense for the prescribed supply of such drug in an amount that exceeds the amount of the coinsurance, copayment, deductible or other out-of-pocket expense for a ninety-day supply of such drug reduced pro rata in proportion to such prescribed supply of such drug; (2) provide that no mental health care benefits provided under state law, with state funds or to state employees shall require a prescribing health care provider to prescribe a supply of an outpatient psychotropic drug that is larger than the supply of such drug that such provider deems clinically appropriate; (3) establish a task force to study methods available to this state, and health carriers doing business in this state, to encourage health care providers providing mental health services to participate in provider networks; and (4) establish a task force to study health insurance coverage for peer support services.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Third-party Access To Participating Dental Provider Contracts.. Description: To specify the circumstances in which a health carrier, or a health carrier's contractor or subcontractor, may enter into a contract with a third party for the purpose of providing the third party with access to a participating dental provider contract.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Prohibiting Certain Insurance Discrimination And Establishing A Task Force To Study Insurance Costs Borne By Businesses Located In Distressed Municipalities.. Description: To: (1) Expand the Connecticut Unfair Insurance Practices Act to provide that no (A) insurance company, hospital service corporation, health care center or fraternal benefit society providing disability income protection coverage shall refuse to insure, refuse to continue to insure or limit the amount, extent or kind of coverage available to an individual, or charge an individual a different rate for the same coverage, because the individual has been a victim of domestic violence, and (B) property and casualty insurer that delivers, issues, renews, amends, continues or endorses a property or casualty insurance policy shall make any distinction or discrimination against an individual in delivering, issuing, renewing, amending, continuing, endorsing, offering, withholding, cancelling or setting premiums for such policy, or in the terms of such policy, because the individual has been a victim of domestic violence; (2) provide that no life insurer shall make any distinction or discrimination between persons on the basis of sexual orientation, gender identity or status as a victim of domestic violence; and (3) establish a task force to study the high insurance costs borne by businesses located in distressed municipalities in this state.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Criminal Justice Process.. Description: To (1) permit the state to depose persons seventy-five years of age and older in criminal matters; (2) change "patronizing a prostitute" to "soliciting sexual acts"; (3) transfer the requirement for a state's attorney to investigate a town clerk/treasurer to the Office of the Attorney General; (4) transfer bond forfeiture duties from the Division of Criminal Justice to the Office of the Attorney General; (5) require state prosecutors to notify the Office of Attorney General when the defendant in a state court action is a public official or state or municipal employee charged with a crime related to their office for purposes of pension revocation; (6) bring the definition of "vendor fraud" in line with its federal criminal counterpart; (7) clarify and provide a more appropriate penalty for the wilful and unauthorized distribution of intimate images of an individual; (8) increase the penalty for severe internet stalking or cyber harassment; (9) provide a ten-year look back in the sentencing of certain persistent offenders, including those charged with possession of a controlled substance; (10) clarify that application and program fees required by statute for certain pretrial diversionary programs are waived for persons represented by a public defender appointed or a determination of indigency by the court; (11) provide that community service cannot be required in lieu of any fees for indigent persons; (12) eliminate the disparity between possession of a narcotic drug and the storage of such; (13) reduce the penalties when a person charged with an infraction or violation fails to respond or pay a fine; (14) allow for pre-sentence confinement credit on all concurrent sentences regardless of the day the sentences are imposed, while ensuring that consecutive sentences are not credited twice; (15) enact recommendations by the Connecticut Sentencing Commission concerning the enhanced penalty for the sale or possession of drugs near schools, day care centers and public housing projects; and (16) enact recommendations by the Connecticut Sentencing Commission regarding sentence modification.
In 2021, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Accreditation, Reporting Requirements, Mental Health, Body-worn Recording Equipment, Data Storage Services, Training And Hiring Of Law Enforcement Officers.. Description: To revise the requirements regarding the accreditation of law enforcement units, study ways to lower the costs associated with data storage or services related to body-worn recording equipment, require police officers receive training regarding interactions with persons with mental or physical disabilities, and revise the amount of a grant-in-aid to municipalities for the purchase of body-worn recording equipment.
In 2021, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Examining The Motor Vehicle Accident Report Form Used By Law Enforcement Officers.. Description: To require the Department of Transportation, the Division of State Police and the Police Officer Standards and Training Council to jointly revise the uniform investigation of accident report form.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Smoke Detection And Warning Equipment, The State Fire Prevention And Fire Safety Codes, The Code Training And Education Board Of Control, Temporary Fire Marshals, Certain Fire Reports And Small Water Heaters.. Description: To require the owner of real property to disclose the existence of smoke and carbon monoxide detectors at the beginning of a residential disclosure report.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Third-party Delivery Services For Restaurants.. Description: To require the Commissioner of Economic and Community Development to study economic development issues in the state.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Tourism.. Description: To (1) allow two or more municipalities in any regional tourism district to jointly appoint one representative to the regional tourism district boards of directors, and (2) require that a representative of the Connecticut Tourism Coalition be a member of the Connecticut Tourism Council.
In 2021, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Business Registrations, Trade Names, The Commercial Recording Division Within The Office Of The Secretary Of The State And Commercial Registered Agents.. Description: To (1) revise various provisions on registration of business entities in this state, (2) revise provisions governing trade names, (3) rename the Commercial Recording Division within the Office of the Secretary of the State as the Business Services Division, (4) create a listing of commercial registered agents, and (5) allow notaries and commissioners of the superior court to conduct notarial acts remotely.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Economic Development In Distressed Municipalities And The Renovation Of Historic Mixed-use Buildings.. Description: To require the Commissioner of Economic and Community Development to study economic development issues affecting distressed municipalities and opportunity zones in the state and establish a task force to study impediments to the renovation of historic mixed-use buildings in the state.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Incentivizing The Adoption Of Cybersecurity Standards For Businesses.. Description: To incentivize the adoption of cybersecurity standards for businesses by allowing businesses that adopt certain cybersecurity framework to plead an affirmative defense to any cause of action that alleges that a failure to implement reasonable cybersecurity controls resulted in a data breach concerning personal or restricted information.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Outdoor Sale Of Goods And Provision Of Food And Beverage Service.. Description: To require municipal zoning commissions to permit restaurants to engage in outdoor food and beverage service as an accessory use of such restaurant's permitted use.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Collection And Remittance Of The E 9-1-1 Fee By Marketplace Facilitators.. Description: To require marketplace facilitators to collect and remit the E 9-1-1 fee.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Assorted Revisions And Additions To The Education Statutes.. Description: To (1) clarify the law that requires boards of education to hold public hearings that such public hearings shall be related to the provision of education offered by the board of education, (2) clarify the law how annual vision screenings for students may be performed, and (3) to establish the CT Grown for CT Kids Grant Program to assist in the development and implementation of local farm-to-school programs.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Prescription Drug Formularies And Lists Of Covered Drugs.. Description: To limit the circumstances in which a health carrier may remove a prescription drug from a drug formulary or list of covered drugs, or move a prescription drug to a different cost-sharing tier, during a plan year.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Licensing Requirements For Real Estate Brokers, Salespersons And Teams.. Description: To modify the preconditions to issuing a real estate broker's license in this state.
In 2021, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Requiring The Insurance Commissioner To Adopt Regulations Establishing Continuing Education Requirements For Public Adjusters.. Description: To require the Insurance Commissioner to adopt regulations establishing continuing education requirements for public adjusters.
In 2021, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Required Health Insurance Coverage For Breast Health Benefits.. Description: To: (1) Require certain individual and group health insurance policies to provide coverage for (A) motorized wheelchairs, including, but not limited to, (i) used motorized wheelchairs, (ii) repairs to motorized wheelchairs, and (iii) replacement batteries for motorized wheelchairs, (B) cochlear implants and cochlear implant surgery for insureds diagnosed with hearing loss, (C) medically necessary coronary calcium scan tests, (D) genetic cystic fibrosis screenings for women, (E) the treatment of neurological conditions and diseases, including, but not limited to, physical therapy for the treatment of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis, (F) equine therapy for veterans, (G) gambling disorder treatment, (H) audiologic, ophthalmologic and optometric care, and (I) specialized formulas for individuals twelve years of age or older; (2) require Medicaid coverage for audiologic, ophthalmologic and optometric care; (3) (A) modify required health insurance coverage for ambulance services to (i) include medically necessary transportation to a covered person's place of residence, and (ii) require that such benefits be provided at an in-network level, (B) provide for electronic notification of assignments of bills for ambulance services, and (C) require an ambulance provider to notify, and obtain consent from, a person before providing transportation services to the person if the provider reasonably believes that such services are not emergency services; (4) require the Insurance Commissioner to, within available appropriations, establish a program to advance breast health and breast cancer awareness, and promote greater understanding of the importance of early breast cancer detection, in this state; (5) expand required health insurance coverage under certain individual and group health insurance policies to include coverage for (A) colorectal cancer diagnoses and related benefits, (B) breast health and breast cancer benefits regardless of sex, (C) diagnostic and screening (i) mammograms, including, but not limited to, (I) baseline mammograms for certain insureds younger than thirty-five years of age, and (II) annual mammograms for certain insureds younger than forty years of age, (ii) comprehensive breast ultrasounds, and (iii) magnetic resonance imaging of an entire breast or breasts, (D) breast biopsies, (E) prophylactic mastectomies for certain insureds, and (F) breast reconstructive surgery for certain insureds; and (6) (A) require a health care provider who provides a mammogram to a patient to provide to the patient (i) advance notice disclosing information regarding certain tests or examinations proposed to further investigate the results of the mammogram, and (ii) an opportunity to determine whether the cost of such proposed tests or examinations are covered under the terms of the patient's health coverage, and (B) authorize the Commissioner of Public Health, in consultation with the Insurance Commissioner, to adopt regulations.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Restructuring Unemployment Insurance Benefits And Improving Fund Solvency.. Description: To restructure unemployment insurance benefits and improve fund solvency.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Essential Support Persons And A State-wide Visitation Policy For Residents Of Long-term Care Facilities.. Description: To allow long-term care facility residents to designate essential support persons who may visit and support their physical, emotional, psychological and socialization needs despite other visitation restrictions and to establish a state-wide visitation policy at long-term care facilities.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning A Mental Health Bill Of Rights For Deaf, Deafblind And Hard Of Hearing Persons.. Description: To establish a state-wide mental health services program to provide mental health services tailored to the specialized needs of deaf, deaf-blind and hard of hearing persons.
In 2021, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Local Government And Employment.. Description: To make a technical change.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Cedar Hills Infrastructure Improvement District.. Description: To modify the organization of the Cedar Hills Infrastructure Improvement District.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Municipal Taxation Assistance Programs And The Municipal Property Tax Waiver.. Description: To authorize municipalities to (1) offer programs for the deferment of tax and certain other payments and for lower interest rates on such payments, and (2) waive any property tax due in an amount less than one hundred dollars.
In 2021, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The State Plan Of Conservation And Development.. Description: To (1) amend the process timeline for the revision and adoption of the state plan of conservation and development, and (2) extend to 2024 the application of the plan intended to cover 2018 to 2023, inclusive.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Crumbling Concrete Foundations.. Description: To (1) permit any owner of a residential building with a foundation made with defective concrete to obtain a reassessment of such building which shall remain valid until such foundation is repaired or replaced, (2) eliminate the termination date of the captive insurance company established pursuant to section 38a-91vv of the general statutes, (3) require quarries that produce aggregate for use in concrete to annually prepare a geological source report, (4) require the Commissioner of Consumer Protection to adopt regulations concerning standards for the testing of aggregate produced by quarries for use in concrete, (5) authorize the Connecticut Housing Finance Authority to make loans to the captive insurance company, and (6) require the captive insurance company to submit a report concerning the damage caused by the presence of pyrrhotite to the concrete foundations of nonresidential buildings in the state.
In 2021, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Geographic Information Systems.. Description: To (1) create a Geographic Information Systems Advisory Council to consult with the Secretary of the Office of Policy and Management, and (2) require the secretary to designate a Geographic Information Officer to oversee a Geographic Information System Center.
In 2021, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Designating Various Days, Weeks And Months.. Description: To designate various days, weeks and months.
In 2021, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Municipal Regionalization.. Description: To limit property tax increases, authorize municipalities to impose local taxes and incentivize municipal regionalization of services.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Confirming And Adopting Volumes 1 To 13, Inclusive, Of The General Statutes, Revised To January 1, 2021.. Description: To adopt and confirm the general statutes, revised to January 1, 2021.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Human Trafficking.. Description: To (1) adjust the membership in the Trafficking in Persons Council, (2) allow certain testimony in the case of a delinquency proceeding to be compelled, (3) establish an affirmative defense for trafficking in persons in the case of a victim of trafficking, (4) redefine "sex trafficking", (5) modify the elements of the crimes of patronizing a prostitute and commercial sexual abuse of a minor, (6) change the required frequency of a refresher course in human trafficking awareness for certain professions, and (7) extend vacatur relief to a person who committed certain crimes if a conviction is based on participation in the crime by the convicted person due to such person being a victim of trafficking.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Removal Of Restrictions On Ownership Or Occupancy Of Real Property Based On Race And Elimination Of The Race Designation On Marriage Licenses.. Description: To prohibit restrictive covenants based on race, to provide a process to remove such covenants from instruments recorded on the land records in this state and to eliminate the race designation on marriage licenses.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Department Of Public Health's Recommendations Regarding Various Revisions To The Public Health Statutes.. Description: To implement the recommendations of the Department of Public Health regarding various revisions to the public health statutes.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Recommendations Of The Juvenile Justice Policy And Oversight Committee.. Description: To enact the recommendations of the Juvenile Justice Policy and Oversight Committee.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Public Health And Civil Preparedness Emergencies Declared And Renewed By The Governor.. Description: To ratify the public health and civil preparedness emergencies declared by the Governor.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Repeal Of The Conveyance Of A Parcel Of State Land To The Town Of Farmington.. Description: To repeal a prior authorization for a conveyance of a parcel of state land in the town of Farmington to the town of Farmington.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Lease Of A Parcel Of State Land In The City Of Milford.. Description: To lease a parcel of state land in the city of Milford to the Connecticut Audubon Society.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Conveyance Of A Parcel Of State Land In The Town Of Windsor To The Town Of Windsor.. Description: To convey a parcel of state land to the town of Windsor for economic and transit-oriented development purposes.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Conveyance Of A Parcel Of State Land In The Town Of Wilton.. Description: To convey a parcel of state land in the town of Wilton.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Conveyance Of A Parcel Of State Land In The Town Of North Haven.. Description: To convey a parcel of state land in the town of North Haven to Area Cooperative Educational Services for the purposes of a magnet school or other educational purposes.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Declaration And Renewal Of Civil Preparedness And Public Health Emergencies By The Governor.. Description: An Act Concerning The Declaration And Renewal Of Civil Preparedness And Public Health Emergencies By The Governor.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Medical Assistance For Children And Adults Without Health Care Coverage.. Description: An Act Concerning Medical Assistance For Children And Adults Without Health Care Coverage.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning A Highway Use Fee.. Description: An Act Concerning A Highway Use Fee.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The State Budget For The Biennium Ending June Thirtieth, 2023, And Making Appropriations Therefor, And Making Deficiency And Additional Appropriations For The Fiscal Year Ending June Thirtieth, 2021.. Description: An Act Concerning The State Budget For The Biennium Ending June Thirtieth, 2023, And Making Appropriations Therefor, And Making Deficiency And Additional Appropriations For The Fiscal Year Ending June Thirtieth, 2021.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Authorizing And Adjusting Bonds Of The State For Capital Improvements, Transportation And Other Purposes, Establishing The Community Investment Fund 2030 Board, Authorizing State Grant Commitments For School Building Projects And Making Revisions To The School Building Project Statutes.. Description: An Act Authorizing And Adjusting Bonds Of The State For Capital Improvements, Transportation And Other Purposes, Establishing The Community Investment Fund 2030 Board, Authorizing State Grant Commitments For School Building Projects And Making Revisions To The School Building Project Statutes.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Equalizing Comprehensive Access To Mental, Behavioral And Physical Health Care In Response To The Pandemic.. Description: To equalize comprehensive access to mental, behavioral and physical health care in response to the pandemic.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Social Equity And The Health, Safety And Education Of Children.. Description: To (1) establish a youth suicide prevention training program, (2) require certain licensed health care professionals to complete mental health and suicide screening and prevention training, (3) permit minors to receive more than six outpatient mental health treatment sessions without the consent of a parent or guardian, (4) require local and regional boards of education to integrate the principles and practices of social-emotional learning into programs of professional development and statements of educational goals, (5) permit parents to attend parent-teacher conferences remotely, (6) require additional parent-teacher conferences during periods when a school district conducts school sessions remotely, (7) require the provision of information by teachers concerning safety, mental health and food insecurity during such conferences, (8) permit local and regional boards of education to provide instruction to high school students remotely and prohibit such boards from deeming absent a student who attends school remotely, (9) require local and regional boards of education to permit students to take up to four mental health wellness days per school year, (10) require the collection of adverse childhood experiences data by local and regional boards of education and the Department of Education, (11) require the Commissioner of Children and Families to provide children in the care and custody of the commissioner remote visitation opportunities in lieu of in-person visitation, in the event of a pandemic or outbreak of communicable disease, (12) require the Commissioner of Children and Families to develop a policy requiring the cessation of in-person visitation on a case-by-case basis in the event that such visitation could result in the contraction of a communicable disease by one or more participants, (13) expand the operation of the Department of Children and Families telephone Careline to accommodate the receipt and provision of information concerning child abuse and neglect by text message, (14) require the Commissioner of Children and Families to provide certain notice to parents and guardians in the event that the commissioner is considering removal of a child from the home, and the services of a translator, if necessary, during any meeting to discuss such removal, (15) require the Commissioner of Early Childhood to develop and implement a plan to expand the birth-to-three program to provide early intervention services to children five years of age and under and eliminate parent fees for such services, (16) require the Commissioner of Education to establish an Internet access grant program for local and regional boards of education to provide students, educators and staff with Internet access during school sessions that are conducted remotely, and (17) establish a task force to study the comprehensive needs of children in the state.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Diverse Economic Opportunity, Worker Protections And Small Business Revitalization.. Description: To grow the economy by supporting diverse economic opportunities, worker protections and small business revitalization.
In 2021, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Increased Opportunities For Absentee Voting, Safe And Secure In-person Voting, Voter Registration And Certain Other Changes Regarding Election Administration.. Description: To make several changes to election laws designed to increase opportunities for absentee voting, safe and secure in-person voting and voter registration.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Deterring Age Discrimination In Employment Applications.. Description: To deter age discrimination by prohibiting questions regarding age in preliminary employment applications.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Travel Insurance And Suicide.. Description: To prohibit insurance companies that issue travel insurance policies in this state from excluding coverage because the insured or the insured's spouse, child, dependent relative who resides in the insured's household or traveling companion commits suicide.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Certification Of Mental Health First Aid Training Programs.. Description: To expand the organizations that may certify mental health first aid training programs.
In 2021, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Allowing Police Officers To Wear Religious Head Coverings As Part Of A Police Uniform.. Description: To permit a police officer to wear a religious head covering in accordance with such officer's religious beliefs while on duty and wearing a uniform.
In 2021, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Access To Diaper Changing Stations In Public Buildings.. Description: To amend the State Building Code to require diaper changing tables that are accessible to women and men in all newly constructed or substantially renovated public buildings that include at least one restroom open to the public.
In 2021, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Establishing A Unit Within The Division Of State Police To Investigate Hate Crimes And Criminal Acts Committed By Extremist Groups.. Description: To establish a unit within the State Police to investigate hate crimes and criminal acts committed by extremist groups.
In 2021, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Increasing The Penalty For The Intentional Injury Of A Police Animal Or Dog In A Volunteer Canine Search And Rescue Team.. Description: To increase the penalty for intentionally injuring a police animal or dog in a volunteer canine search and rescue team.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Establishing A Task Force To Study Cancer Relief Benefits For Firefighters.. Description: To establish a task force to study cancer relief benefits for firefighters.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Electronic Delivery Tickets For Gasoline, Kerosene, Fuel Oils Or Similar Substances.. Description: To permit acceptance of electronic delivery tickets for gasoline, kerosene, fuel oils or similar substances.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Allowing Persons Sixteen Years Of Age Or Older To Operate Rides At Amusement Parks.. Description: To permit persons sixteen years of age or older to operate rides at amusement parks, with certain requirements.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Workforce Development Issues At Public Institutions Of Higher Education Related To The Insurance Industry.. Description: To require the Board of Regents for Higher Education and the Board of Trustees of The University of Connecticut to each conduct a study assessing whether the workforce needs of the insurance industry are met by the programs of study offered by the public institutions of higher education under each board's governance.
In 2021, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Establishing A Right To Housing.. Description: To establish a right to housing for all residents of the state.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Oversight And Transparency At The Connecticut Port Authority.. Description: To provide oversight and ensure proper transparency at the Connecticut Port Authority.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Recommendations By The Department Of Motor Vehicles, Revisions To The Motor Vehicle Statutes And Peer-to-peer Car Sharing.. Description: To implement the recommendations of the Department of Motor Vehicles.
In 2021, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Requiring Manufacturers Of Brand Name Prescription Drugs To Provide Samples Of Such Drugs To Manufacturers Of Generic Prescription Drugs.. Description: To promote competition in the prescription drug market by allowing developers of generic drugs and biosimilar products to obtain reference samples.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Reestablishing Club And Nonprofit Club Permits.. Description: To adjust the annual fee for a cafe permit for prior holders of club permits and nonprofit club permits and to provide refunds to such permit holders.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Reimbursement For Warranty Claims To Retail Dealers Of Power Equipment.. Description: To ensure fair reimbursement to retail dealers of power equipment regarding certain warranty claims.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Requirements For Home Construction Contractors And Home Improvement Contractors And Salespersons, Exempting Certain Persons From Locksmith Registration Requirements And Expanding The Applicability Of The Small Claims Procedure.. Description: To protect consumers by effectively regulating new home construction contractors and home improvement contractors.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Establishing An Energy Efficiency Retrofit Grant Program For Affordable Housing.. Description: To require the Department of Housing to establish a housing energy efficiency retrofit program.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Authority Of The Office Of The Attorney General.. Description: To clarify the Attorney General's authority to (1) investigate allegations that an individual's civil rights are being violated, and (2) initiate legal proceedings in response to such allegations.
In 2021, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Requiring A Study Of Methods To Alleviate High Room Temperatures In Residential Buildings.. Description: To allow tenants and students to maintain a reasonable temperature range in their dwellings.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Various Revisions To The Department Of Developmental Services Statutes.. Description: To (1) make information in the Department of Developmental Services' abuse and neglect registry available to the Department of Administrative Services, (2) allow the Commissioner of Developmental Services or a Department of Developmental Services regional or training school director to consent to emergency medical treatment for an individual under the custody or control of the department, (3) restrict legal representatives of persons with intellectual disabilities from accessing abuse and neglect reports when the legal representative is the alleged perpetrator of such abuse or neglect or is residing with the alleged perpetrator, (4) update the membership of the Camp Harkness Advisory Committee, and (5) excuse the Department of Developmental Services from assessments of individuals in the context of a review of guardianship by the Probate Court where the department has previously determined that such individual does not have intellectual disability.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Creating A Task Force To Study The Regulation Of Professional Bondsmen, Bail Enforcement Agents And Surety Bail Bond Agents.. Description: To establish a task force to study the regulation of professional bondsmen, bail enforcement agents and surety bail bond agents.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Safety Of Children When Buying Ice Cream From A Frozen Dessert Truck.. Description: To protect children in the course of buying ice cream from frozen dessert trucks by increasing the truck's visibility to other drivers, warning drivers that children may be present and limiting the location and conditions for vending.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Requiring Employers To Recall Certain Laid-off Workers In Order Of Seniority.. Description: To require employers to recall certain laid-off workers in order of seniority.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Expanding Workers' Compensation Benefits For Certain Mental Or Emotional Impairments Suffered By Health Care Providers In Connection With Covid-19.. Description: To expand workers' compensation benefits for certain mental or emotional impairments suffered by health care providers in connection with COVID-19.
In 2021, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Extending The Validity Of Certain Occupational Safety And Health Administration Training For Public Works Projects.. Description: To extend the validity of certain Occupational Safety and Health Administration training from five to ten years for public works projects.
In 2021, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning A Fair Work Week Schedule.. Description: To require certain employers to provide advance notice to certain employees of the employees' work schedule.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Hospital Billing And Collection Efforts By Hospitals And Collection Agencies.. Description: To (1) restrict (A) the amount that a hospital or collection agent may recover from an uninsured or underinsured patient for the unpaid cost of health care, and (B) the manner in which a hospital or collection agent may secure or recover payment for the unpaid cost of health care, and (2) modify provisions concerning hospital billing practices to protect patients who receive health care at outpatient clinics that are owned by, or affiliated with, hospitals.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Exempting Veterinarians From The Requirement To Report Certain Dispensed Diabetes Drugs And Devices To The Prescription Drug Monitoring Program.. Description: To make revisions to Department of Consumer Protection pharmacy and drug control statutes.
In 2021, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Legislative Commissioners' Recommendations For Minor And Technical Revisions To Statutes Concerning Planning And Development.. Description: To make minor and technical revisions to statutes concerning planning and development.
In 2021, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Alternate Members Of Municipal Planning Commissions.. Description: To permit members of municipal zoning commissions and municipal boards of appeals to serve as alternate members of municipal planning commissions.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Disclosure Of Dams And Similar Structures By Sellers Of Real Property.. Description: To require the seller of real property on which a dam or similar structure is located to disclose the existence of such dam or similar structure on a residential condition report.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Bolton Lakes Regional Water Pollution Control Authority.. Description: To permit the board of directors of the Bolton Lakes Regional Water Pollution Control Authority to authorize expansion of the authority's wastewater system into the town of Coventry and take any action the board deems necessary to implement such expansion.
In 2021, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Covid-19 Relief For Small Businesses And Requiring Federal Regulatory Analysis For Proposed State Regulations.. Description: To (1) prohibit an increase in employers' experience ratings based on COVID-19 unemployment claims, (2) exempt personal protective equipment from the sales and use taxes for small businesses, and (3) require agencies to prepare a federal regulatory analysis when developing a proposed regulation.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Federal Student Loan Borrowers' Bill Of Rights Act Of 2019.. Description: To provide additional protections for student loan borrowers and cosigners of private education loans and to create a cause of action against student loan servicers who engage in abusive acts or practices while servicing a student education loan.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Counting Of Certain Incarcerated Individuals For Purposes Of Determining State Legislative And Municipal Voting Districts.. Description: To provide for the adjustment of population data so as to count incarcerated persons as residents of their last town of residence rather than as residents of the town in which the correctional facility is located.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Gender Neutrality In The State Constitution.. Description: To establish a commission to review the text of the Constitution of the state to recommend the removal of all gendered language.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Requiring Drivers Of Paratransit Vehicles To Report Suspected Abuse, Neglect, Exploitation Or Abandonment Of Elderly Persons.. Description: To make paratransit vehicle drivers mandatory reporters of suspected abuse of elderly persons.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Senior Centers And Senior Crime Prevention Education.. Description: To support and expand services offered by senior centers.
In 2021, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning A Study Of Permitting The Community Spouse Of An Institutionalized Medicaid Recipient To Retain The Maximum Amount Of Allowable Assets.. Description: To prevent impoverishment of spouses of institutionalized residents.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Recommendations Of The Governor's Council On Women And Girls.. Description: To implement the Governor's budget recommendations.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Commercial Mortgage Loan Originators.. Description: To exempt certain commercial mortgage loan originators from the provisions of sections 31-76b to 31-76j, inclusive, of the general statutes.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Deceptive Advertising Practices Of Limited Services Pregnancy Centers.. Description: To prohibit deceptive advertising practices by limited services pregnancy centers. .
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Use Of Perfluoroalkyl Or Polyfluoroalkyl Substances In Class B Firefighting Foam.. Description: To prohibit the use of firefighting foam containing PFAS for training purposes and establish a take-back program for such products.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Connecticut's Shellfish Restoration Program, The Connecticut Seafood Council And The Taxation Of Certain Underwater Farmlands.. Description: To enhance the state's shellfish restoration program through certain contracting authority and to reconstitute the Connecticut Seafood Council.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Insurance Department's Recommended Changes To The Insurance Statutes.. Description: To: (1) Prohibit insurers, health care centers and fraternal benefit societies from requiring, or using the results of, genetic testing in connection with annuities and certain insurance policies; (2) provide that prohibited requirements for, and uses of, genetic testing violate the Connecticut Unfair Insurance Practices Act; (3) specify the reasons for which certain insurers may cancel certain homeowners insurance policies and manner in which such insurers must cancel such policies; (4) require the Insurance Commissioner to disapprove certain credit life insurance and credit accident and health insurance forms if the loss ratios contained in such forms do not satisfy certain criteria; and (5) reduce the total number of hours of study that an applicant for an insurance producer license must successfully complete for each line of insurance for which such applicant is seeking such license.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Implementing The Department Of Banking's Recommended Changes To The Banking Statutes Concerning Financial Institutions And Consumer Credit Licenses.. Description: To implement the Department of Banking's recommended changes to the banking statutes concerning financial institutions.
In 2021, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Various Revisions To The Higher Education Statutes.. Description: To require the Office of Higher Education to submit recommendations for various revisions to the higher education statutes.
In 2021, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Decoupling Of The Public Utilities Regulatory Authority And The Department Of Energy And Environmental Protection.. Description: To decouple the Public Utilities Regulatory Authority and the Department of Energy and Environmental Protection.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Increasing Representation On The Energy Conservation Management Board.. Description: To increase representation on the energy conservation management board, including low-income residential customers and municipalities.
In 2021, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Call Before You Dig Program Violations And Certain Modifications To Gas Pipelines Processes.. Description: To require that civil penalties for the failure of a public utility to properly or timely mark the approximate location of an underground facility be paid by the person, public agency or public utility to whom the notice of failure to comply is addressed; and to modify existing gas pipeline processes.
In 2021, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Certain Deposits In The Department Of Veterans Affairs' Institutional General Welfare Fund.. Description: To require the deposit of reimbursements from the United States Department of Veterans Affairs for pharmaceutical purchases into the institutional general welfare fund.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Department Of Children And Families' Recommendations For Revisions To The Statutes Concerning Children.. Description: To make minor revisions to the statutes of the Department of Children and Families, to consolidate the reporting requirements of the department and to add a member to the State Advisory Council on Children and Families.
In 2021, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Workforce Development.. Description: To implement the Governor's budget recommendations.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Criminal Justice Policy And Planning Division And The Publication Of Reports And Presentations By The Office Of Policy And Management.. Description: To maximize the contributions of the Criminal Justice Policy and Planning Division to criminal justice policy, research and grant administration, and to repeal or amend outdated or obsolete statutes that no longer accurately reflect priorities of criminal justice stakeholders.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Student Loan Servicers.. Description: To require that student loan servicers of federal student education loans register with the Department of Banking and comply with record requirements and consumer protection mandates applicable to student loan servicers in Connecticut.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Ezequiel Santiago Foreclosure Mediation Program And Other Alternatives To Foreclosure.. Description: To make the Ezequiel Santiago Foreclosure Mediation Program permanent and to require that certain alternatives to foreclosure be made available to certain mortgagors.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Criminal Justice Commission, Division Of Criminal Justice And The Office Of The Inspector General.. Description: To make minor changes to (1) the process of appointments, reviews and evaluations by the Criminal Justice Commission including concerning the appointment of the Inspector General, (2) the membership of the Division of Criminal Justice Advisory Board, and (3) the process by which use of force by a peace officer is investigated.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Manufacture, Sale And Distribution Of Alcohol-infused Confections, The Authorization Of Self-pour Automated Systems For Certain Alcoholic Liquor, A Study Of Extending Alcoholic Liquor Service Hours And Backers Of Grocery Store Beer Permits.. Description: To authorize the manufacture, sale and distribution of alcohol-infused confections, including, but not limited to, chocolate.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Changes To Various Pharmacy Statutes.. Description: To make changes to various pharmacy statutes.
In 2021, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Long-term Care Services.. Description: To study the projected need for long-term care services.
In 2021, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Extending To June 30, 2021, Changes Implemented For The 2020 State Election As A Result Of Covid-19.. Description: To extend to June 30, 2021, changes implemented for the 2020 state election as a result of COVID-19.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Labor Department's Recommended Changes To Statutes Concerning Apprenticeships And Other Labor Statutes.. Description: To make technical and other changes to Labor Department statutes.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Executive Director Of The Labor Department's Employment Security Division And Increasing The Compensation For State Board Of Mediation And Arbitration Members.. Description: To specify the executive director of the Labor Department's Employment Security Division shall be in the classified service and shall be devoted full-time to the duties of his or her office.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Minor And Technical Changes To The Workers' Compensation Act.. Description: To make minor and technical changes to the Workers' Compensation Act.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Access To Certain Public Employees By The Exclusive Bargaining Representative Of A Public Employer Bargaining Unit.. Description: To protect the rights of public employees to join or support unions.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Changes To The Husky B Program.. Description: To change co-pay requirements for HUSKY B and eliminate the HUSKY Plus program.
In 2021, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Funding And Oversight Of Fatherhood Initiatives.. Description: To establish an advisory council to make recommendations concerning fatherhood initiatives and provide state funding for fatherhood initiatives.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Hmong Laotian Special Guerilla Units Which Served In The Kingdom Of Laos.. Description: To provide certain benefits to members of the Hmong Laotian special guerilla units who served in the secret war in the Kingdom of Laos during the Vietnam War.
In 2021, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Fees For Certified Copies Of Vital Records Sought In Connection With The Soldiers, Sailors And Marines Fund.. Description: To require the waiver of fees charged for certified copies of vital records sought in connection with a person's application for aid from the Soldiers, Sailors and Marines Fund.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Immunity From Criminal Prosecution For A Minor Who Possesses Alcohol When The Minor Seeks Emergency Assistance To Prevent The Death Or Serious Injury Of Another Person.. Description: To provide immunity from criminal prosecution for a minor who possesses alcohol when the minor seeks emergency assistance to prevent the death or serious injury of another person.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Public-private Partnerships.. Description: To revise the requirements regarding the utilization of public-private partnerships to design, develop, finance, construct, operate or maintain projects.
In 2021, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Review Of Animal Cruelty Laws By The Connecticut Sentencing Commission.. Description: To require the Connecticut Sentencing Commission to review the animal cruelty laws in this state and other states and make recommendations, if any, to the legislature for changes to state laws.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Staffing And Resources Of The Department Of Energy And Environmental Protection.. Description: To require the preparation of a report by the Department of Energy and Environmental Protection that provides an accounting of agency staffing positions paid for from the revenues of the Passport to the Parks account and that assesses the effect of impending agency staff retirements on the viability and efficacy of current and planned agency programs and responsibilities.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Prohibiting The Import, Sale And Possession Of African Elephants, Lions, Leopards, Black Rhinoceros, White Rhinoceros And Giraffes.. Description: To prohibit the import and trade of any big six African species.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Revisions To The Sewage Spill Right-to-know Statute.. Description: To amend the sewage spill right-to-know statute to provide for timely notification to the public of sewage spills that may pose a threat to the public health or the environment.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Recycled Content For Products Sold In Connecticut.. Description: To encourage the development of a market for recycled materials.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Penalties For The Taking Of Striped Bass.. Description: To make the enforcement of striped bass fishing regulations more effective.
In 2021, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Emissions Standards For Medium And Heavy Duty Vehicles.. Description: To evaluate the need to adopt California's medium and heavy duty vehicle emissions standards.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Revisions To Certain Economic And Community Development-related Statutes.. Description: To make various revisions to certain economic and community development statutes.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Assignment Of Certain Property, Tax, Water And Sewer Liens.. Description: To (1) limit the assignment of unpaid property tax, water and sewer liens, and (2) ensure that persons responsible for the payment of such liens are notified of any such assignment.
In 2021, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Requiring Employers To Provide Certain Information To Domestic Workers At The Time Of Hire And Establishing An Education And Training Grant Program For Domestic Workers.. Description: To promote wage education and enforcement for domestic workers.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Implementing The Recommendations Of The Department Of Education.. Description: To implement the recommendations of the Department of Education.
In 2021, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Modeling Of A Proposal For Education Funding In Connecticut.. Description: To make revisions to how public education is funded in the state to address issues of equity and systemic racism.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Energy Storage.. Description: To (1) create solar energy storage goals, (2) increase the virtual net metering cap, (3) permit ownership of solar power generation facilities by electric distribution companies, and (4) direct the Department of Energy and Environmental Protection and the Public Utilities Regulatory Authority to investigate solar energy development programs.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Requiring The Reporting Of Accidents That Resulted In Serious Physical Injuries Or Death At Institutions Of Higher Education.. Description: To require institutions of higher education to report accidental deaths that occur on campus.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Revisions To Provisions Of The General Statutes Affecting The Department Of Social Services And A Study Of Payment Parity For Human Services Providers.. Description: To delete outdated or obsolete provisions of statutes concerning the Department of Social Services.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Probate Court Operations.. Description: To make various changes concerning Probate Court processes and procedures.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Authorizing The Borough Of Naugatuck To Issue Pension Deficit Funding Bonds.. Description: To authorize the borough of Naugatuck to issue pension deficit funding bonds.
In 2021, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Foreclosure, Assignment And Other Enforcement Actions For Unpaid Sewer Assessments And Other Fees And Charges.. Description: To prohibit foreclosure, assignment and other enforcement actions for unpaid sewer assessment and other fees and charges in the case of owner-occupied real property for which the principal of such unpaid assessments, fees and charges is less than ten thousand dollars.
In 2021, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Extending The Time Of Expiration Of Certain Land Use Permits.. Description: To extend the time of expiration of certain land use permits.
In 2021, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The State Treasurer And Climate Change And Coastal Resiliency Reserve Funds.. Description: To allow for moneys held in Climate Change and Coastal Resiliency Reserve Funds created by municipalities to be invested in trust funds administered, held or invested by the treasurer.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Communication Services In Correctional And Juvenile Detention Facilities.. Description: To provide cost-free telecommunications for incarcerated persons.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Strengthening The Voice Of Residents And Family Councils.. Description: To require input from residents councils and family councils at long-term care facilities on any state-wide policies affecting living conditions for residents of such facilities.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Strengthening The Bills Of Rights For Long-term Care Residents And Authorizing The Use Of Resident Technology For Virtual Visitation And Virtual Monitoring.. Description: To affirm that residents of long-term care facilities have the right to treat their living quarters as their homes and have the same rights as all other state residents, including the right to use technology of their choice for purposes, including, but not limited to, virtual visitation and file grievances for violations of their rights.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Service Vehicles And Agricultural Tractors.. Description: To require motor vehicle operators to slow down when passing service vehicles.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Revisions To The Connecticut Uniform Trust Code, Rule Against Perpetuities, Connecticut Uniform Power Of Attorney Act, Connecticut Business Corporation Act And Connecticut Revised Nonstock Corporation Act.. Description: To make revisions to the Connecticut Uniform Trust Code, Rule Against Perpetuities, Connecticut Uniform Power of Attorney Act, Connecticut Business Corporation Act and Revised Nonstock Corporation Act.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Online Harassment.. Description: To combat online harassment, including that motivated by hate, by (1) extending the crime of stalking in the first degree to specifically include certain hate-based motivations, (2) extending the crime of second-degree stalking to include certain electronic disclosures of personal identifiable information without consent and establishing a civil action for victims of such crime, and (3) extending the crime of second-degree harassment to include more electronic forms of communication.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Fundraising By The Foundation Of The University Of Connecticut.. Description: To allow The University of Connecticut to maintain the amount of cash compensation paid to the foundation if the two-year average of funds raised by the foundation for the preceding two fiscal years is not less than five times the average total cash compensation paid by said university to the foundation over the same period.
In 2021, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Students And Faculty Members Of The Board Of Trustees Of The University Of Connecticut And The Board Of Regents For Higher Education.. Description: To (1) add two members of The University of Connecticut's University Senate to the Board of Trustees of The University of Connecticut, and (2) allow faculty members of the Board of Regents for Higher Education to be voting members.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Recommendations Of The Office Of Higher Education Regarding Private Occupational Schools And Closure Plans Of Institutions Of Higher Education.. Description: To change the eligibility of private occupational schools that can file a compiled financial statement from schools that enroll less than ten students to schools that receive less than fifty thousand dollars in tuition revenue.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning A Just Transition To Climate-protective Energy Production And Community Investment.. Description: To provide for a just transition to climate-protective energy production and community investment.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Prohibiting Certain Health Carriers And Pharmacy Benefits Managers From Employing Copay Accumulator Programs.. Description: To require certain health carriers and pharmacy benefits managers to give credit for payments made by third parties for the amount of, or any portion of the amount of, an insured's or enrollee's cost-sharing liability for a covered benefit.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Dental And Vision Insurance Coverage For Children, Stepchildren And Other Dependent Children.. Description: To allow children, stepchildren and other dependent children to retain dental and vision insurance coverage under their parents' insurance policies until they attain the age of twenty-six or obtain substitute coverage through an employer.
In 2021, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Required Health Insurance Coverage For Newborn Children.. Description: To require certain health insurers to automatically provide health insurance coverage for certain newborns.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Health Equity, The Coronavirus Pandemic And Pulse Oximeters.. Description: To: (1) Require the Insurance Commissioner, in consultation with the Commissioner of Public Health, to adopt regulations to ensure that (A) each health care provider, health carrier, pharmacist, pharmacy and pharmacy benefits manager doing business in this state is informed that a pulse oximeter is more likely to produce an inaccurate blood oxygen level reading for an insured who is an individual of color as opposed to an insured who is a white individual, and (B) each insured in this state (i) who receives a covered pulse oximeter is informed that such pulse oximeter is more likely to produce an inaccurate blood oxygen level reading for such insured if such insured is an individual of color as opposed to an insured who is a white individual, and (ii) is informed that if such insured receives an inaccurate blood oxygen level reading as measured by a pulse oximeter such insured may be deprived of medically necessary health care services due to such inaccurate reading; and (2) provide that no insurer, health care center, hospital service corporation, medical service corporation, fraternal benefit society or other entity delivering, issuing, renewing, amending or continuing certain individual and group health insurance policies in this state may deny coverage for an otherwise covered benefit if such denial is exclusively based on an insured's blood oxygen level as measured by a pulse oximeter.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Use Of Opioid Antagonists By Police Officers And Studying The Use Of Epinephrine Cartridge Injectors By Police Officers.. Description: To (1) require a law enforcement unit to train its police officers in the use of opioid antagonists and epinephrine cartridge injectors, and (2) permit such trained officers to carry and administer opioid antagonists and epinephrine cartridge injectors.
In 2021, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Legislative Commissioners' Recommendations For Technical Revisions To The Government Administration And Elections Statutes.. Description: To make technical revisions to the statutes concerning government administration and elections.
In 2021, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Municipal Ethics.. Description: To require every municipality to adopt a code of ethics and the Office of State Ethics to develop a model municipal code of ethics for municipalities to adopt.
In 2021, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Election Administration Regarding Redistricting.. Description: To (1) make permanent the use of absentee ballot drop boxes initially used during the 2020 election cycle, (2) bring certain state laws relating to the circulation of nominating and primary petitions into compliance with federal case law, (3) in the case of nominations for judges of probate and members of Congress, reduce the time by which a person other than a party-endorsed candidate can file a candidacy for nomination in order for a primary to be held, (4) require the Secretary of the State to develop a system through which election-related forms can be signed electronically, (5) include absentee ballot central counting locations in post-election audits of voting districts, (6) allow the Secretary to suspend supervised absentee voting during certain emergencies, (7) require the Secretary to review local election officials' implementation of redistricting plans, (8) require the Secretary to provide accessible absentee ballots to certain visually impaired electors, (9) require all municipal elections to be held in November, and (10) allow the Governor to issue writs of election electronically.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Board Of Pardons And Paroles, Erasure Of Criminal Records For Certain Misdemeanor And Felony Offenses, Prohibiting Discrimination Based On Erased Criminal History Record Information And Concerning The Recommendations Of The Connecticut Sentencing Commission With Respect To Misdemeanor Sentences.. Description: To (1) require certain training to members of the Board of Pardons and Paroles and to require the board to provide a written explanation when denying a pardon, to streamline record erasure in the case of misdemeanors and certain felonies, (2) waive certain fees for applicants for a pardon, (3) allow for appointment of a deputy warden to serve as director of reentry services, (4) establish a reentry employment advisory committee, (5) prohibit discrimination against a person based on such person's erased criminal history record information, and (6) enact the Connecticut Sentencing Commission's recommendations with respect to misdemeanor offenses.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Establishing A Regional Economic Development Pilot Program.. Description: To establish a regional economic development pilot program in the Naugatuck Valley.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Establishing A Manufacturing Technology Working Group.. Description: To establish a manufacturing technology working group to ensure that manufacturers in the state have a clear road map for the lean application and integration of Industry 4.0 technology into their product development and production processes.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Duties And Responsibilities Of The Commission On Human Rights And Opportunities.. Description: To amend various statutes relating to the responsibilities of the Commission on Human Rights and Opportunities with respect to the provision of sexual harassment training, the filing of discriminatory practice complaints, the approval of affirmative action plans, the administration of oaths, the deprivation of rights, privileges or immunities on account of age, and reasonable accommodation of a person with a disability.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Raising A Committee To Canvass The Votes For State Representatives.. Description: Resolution Raising A Committee To Canvass The Votes For State Representatives.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Nursing Homes And Dementia Special Care Units.. Description: To implement the recommendations of the Nursing Home and Assisted Living Oversight Working Group regarding long-term care facilities and make other revisions to the long-term care facility statutes.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Various Revisions And Additions To The Statutes Relating To Education And Workforce Development.. Description: To require the Department of Education to conduct a study concerning various revisions to the education statutes.
In 2021, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Minority Teacher Recruitment And Retention.. Description: To improve minority teacher recruitment and retention in the state by (1) establishing the minority candidate certification, retention or residency year program, (2) developing a plan to promote the teaching profession as a career option to students in high school, and (3) develop and require school district personnel responsible for hiring educators to complete a video training module relating to implicit bias and anti-bias in the hiring process.
In 2021, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Authorizing Boards Of Education To Pay Tuition To Another Board Of Education For The Purpose Of Enrolling Its Elementary School Students In Such Other School District.. Description: To allow a board of education to pay tuition to another school district for sending its elementary and middle school students to such other school district.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Solid Waste Management.. Description: To add items covered by the provisions of the state's bottle bill program, increase redemption values and handling fees, develop incentives for unit-based pricing programs in municipalities and require certain dealers to have reverse vending machines at their stores.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Blockchain And Emerging Technologies.. Description: To require (1) the Department of Administrative Services to issue a request for information for the incorporation of blockchain technology to make a state administrative function more efficient or cost effective, and (2) the Department of Economic and Community Development to develop a plan to promote existing remote work workspaces and incentivize the creation of new remote work workspaces.
In 2021, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Step Therapy, Adverse Determination And Utilization Reviews, And Health Insurance Coverage For Children, Stepchildren And Other Dependent Children.. Description: To: (1) Allow a child, stepchild or other dependent child to retain health insurance coverage under a parent's individual or group health insurance policy until the policy anniversary date after the date on which the child, stepchild or other dependent child attains the age of twenty-six; (2) prohibit certain health carriers from requiring the use of step therapy for drugs prescribed to treat behavioral health conditions or chronic, disabling or life-threatening conditions or diseases; (3) redefine "clinical peer" for the purposes of adverse determination and utilization reviews; (4) require health carriers to bear the burden of proving that certain health care services under adverse determination or utilization review are not medically necessary; and (5) require health carriers to provide certain clinical peers with the authority to reverse initial adverse determinations.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Long-term Care Insurance.. Description: To: (1) Require the Insurance Commissioner to develop and disseminate a minimum set of affordable benefit options for long-term care policies; (2) provide that an insurance company, fraternal benefit society, hospital service corporation, medical service corporation or health care center shall not deliver, issue, renew, continue or amend a long-term care policy in this state unless such company, society, corporation or center is authorized or licensed to sell long-term care insurance and at least one other line of insurance in this state; (3) require the Insurance Commissioner to refer an insurance company, fraternal benefit society, hospital service corporation, medical service corporation or health care center that files a rate filing for a long-term care policy that contains a deliberate or reckless misstatement or omission of fact to the Attorney General for investigation; (4) provide that an insurance company, fraternal benefit society, hospital service corporation, medical service corporation or health care center that files a rate filing for a long-term care policy that seeks an increase of twenty per cent or more and spreads such increase over a period of not less than three years shall not file a rate filing for an increase in premium rates for the long-term care policy during said period; (5) require an insurance company, fraternal benefit society, hospital service corporation, medical service corporation or health care center that files a rate filing for a long-term care policy to disclose to insureds the minimum set of affordable benefit options developed by the Insurance Commissioner; and (6) authorize the Attorney General to investigate a rate filing referred to the Attorney General by the Insurance Commissioner and take action to protect and secure compensation for the insured under the long-term care policy that is the subject of such rate filing.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Concerning The Printing Of The Journal.. Description: Resolution Concerning The Printing Of The Journal.
In 2021, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Notices Provided By Life Insurers.. Description: To require each insurer that delivers or issues an individual or group life insurance policy in this state to: (1) At least annually, give a written policy status notice to each beneficiary and owner of, person whose life is insured under and insurance producer who negotiated and sold such policy; and (2) send any notice cancelling such policy to each owner of such policy.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Department Of Aging And Disability Services.. Description: To update statutes concerning the Department of Aging and Disability Services.
In 2021, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Compassionate Or Medical Parole Release By The Board Of Pardons And Paroles And Concerning Staff Of The Department Of Correction.. Description: To modify standards used by the Board of Pardons and Paroles to determine when an inmate may be eligible for compassionate parole release and to clarify that whistle blower protections apply to staff of the Department of Correction who report suspected unlawful uses of force by other staff members.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Physician Assistants.. Description: To allow advanced practice registered nurses and physician assistants to issue home health orders.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Implementing The Recommendations Of The Auditors Of Public Accounts.. Description: To implement the recommendations of the Auditors of Public Accounts contained in their 2020 annual report.
In 2021, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Freedom Of Information.. Description: To make technical revisions to provisions of the Freedom of Information Act.
In 2021, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Equity And Opportunity In State Government.. Description: To require a study of state agency policies and programs to assess the equity of state government programs and the allocation of state resources.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Submission Of Update Statements, The Removal Of References To Update Bid Statements And The Granting Of Easements On State Land.. Description: To require The University of Connecticut Health Center to obtain the approval of the General Assembly prior to soliciting bids or a request for proposals for a privatization or public-private partnership contract.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Proposing The Adoption Of The Long Island Sound Blue Plan.. Description: To approve the Long Island Sound Blue Plan.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Various Revisions To The Teachers' Retirement System.. Description: To revise and update the teachers' retirement system statutes to align with current practices.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Interest Rate Relating To Teachers' Retirement System Cost-of-living Allowances And Reserving Certain Lottery Fund Revenue For The Connecticut Teachers' Retirement Fund Bonds Special Capital Reserve Fund.. Description: To revise the interest rate relating to adjustments of cost-of-living allowances under the teachers' retirement system and reserve certain Lottery Fund revenue for payment to the Connecticut Teachers' Retirement Fund Bonds Special Capital Reserve Fund prior to transfer to the regionalization subaccount within the regional planning incentive account.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Various Revisions To The Public Health Statutes.. Description: To make various revisions to the public health statutes.
In 2021, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Mental And Behavioral Health Services.. Description: To improve the provision of mental and behavioral health services in the state.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Revisor's Technical Corrections To The General Statutes.. Description: To make various technical changes concerning grammar, clarity and accuracy of internal references and consistency in the general statutes.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Definition Of Domestic Violence, Revising Statutes Concerning Domestic Violence, Child Custody, Family Relations Matter Filings And Bigotry Or Bias Crimes And Creating A Program To Provide Legal Counsel To Indigents In Restraining Order Cases.. Description: To require a study of the criminal laws of this state.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Civilian Police Review Boards, Security Guards, Body-worn Recording Equipment, Searches By Police, Limitations On Offenses Subject To Automatic Erasure, Enticing A Juvenile To Commit A Crime, Lawful Orders By Police Officers And Notice To A Victim Concerning Automatic Erasure Of Criminal Record History.. Description: To (1) provide explicit language for the objection to and enforcement of a subpoena issued by a civilian police review board, (2) modify provision concerning viewing by a police officer and his or representative of body-worn recording equipment or dashboard camera footage, (3) ban police officers decertified in other states from being licensed as a security guard, (4) ban no-knock search warrants and modify police search statutes, and (5) allow the court to draw adverse or unfavorable inferences in the case of a police officer's deliberate failure to record an incident of use of force.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Failure To File For Certain Grand List Exemptions And The Fee For Limited Liability Companies To File An Annual Report.. Description: To allow certain persons to file for property tax exemptions, notwithstanding certain statutory deadlines.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Conveyance Of A Parcel Of State Land In The Town Of South Windsor.. Description: To convey a parcel of state land in the town of South Windsor to South Windsor for economic development purposes.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Amending A Conveyance Of A Parcel Of State Land In The Town Of Fairfield.. Description: To amend a prior conveyance of a parcel of state land in the town of Fairfield to the town of Fairfield to change the purpose and permit the sale or lease of the parcel.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Amending The Conveyance Of Parcels Of State Land To The City Of New Haven.. Description: To amend the property description of parcels of state land conveyed to the city of New Haven for open space.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Relinquishing The State Interest In A Parcel Of Land Conveyed To The Town Of East Windsor.. Description: To remove a restriction that a parcel of land conveyed by the state to the town of East Windsor be used for low and moderate income housing or related activities.
In 2021, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Conveyance Of A Parcel Of State Land In The Town Of Somers.. Description: To convey a parcel of state land in the town of Somers to the town of Somers for public safety purposes.
In 2021, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Conveyance Of A Parcel Of State Land In The Town Of Cheshire.. Description: To convey a parcel of state land in the town of Cheshire to the town of Cheshire for a school bus depot.
In 2021, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Responsible And Equitable Regulation Of Adult-use Cannabis.. Description: An Act Concerning Responsible And Equitable Regulation Of Adult-use Cannabis.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Responsible And Equitable Regulation Of Adult-use Cannabis.. Description: An Act Concerning Responsible And Equitable Regulation Of Adult-use Cannabis.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Provisions Related To Revenue And Other Items To Implement The State Budget For The Biennium Ending June 30, 2023.. Description: An Act Concerning Provisions Related To Revenue And Other Items To Implement The State Budget For The Biennium Ending June 30, 2023.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Appointing Charles Augur Of Middlefield As Assistant Clerk Of The House Of Representatives.. Description: Resolution Appointing Charles Augur Of Middlefield As Assistant Clerk Of The House Of Representatives.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Concerning The House Rules.. Description: Resolution Concerning The House Rules.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Reverend Erica Thompson Of West Hartford As Chaplain Of The House Of Representatives.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Reverend Erica Thompson Of West Hartford As Chaplain Of The House Of Representatives.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nominations Of Reverend Marichal Monts Of Hartford, Rabbi Donna Berman Of New Hartford, And Reverend Ashley "aj" Johnson Of Hartford, As Deputy Chaplains Of The House Of Representatives.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nominations Of Reverend Marichal Monts Of Hartford, Rabbi Donna Berman Of New Hartford, And Reverend Ashley "aj" Johnson Of Hartford, As Deputy Chaplains Of The House Of Representatives.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Mark Boughton Of Danbury To Be Commissioner Of Revenue Services.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Mark Boughton Of Danbury To Be Commissioner Of Revenue Services.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Angel Quiros, Jr. Of Windsor To Be Commissioner Of Correction.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Angel Quiros, Jr. Of Windsor To Be Commissioner Of Correction.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Proposing Approval Of A Memorandum Of Agreement Between The State Of Connecticut And The Administrative & Residual Employees Union.. Description: Resolution Proposing Approval Of A Memorandum Of Agreement Between The State Of Connecticut And The Administrative & Residual Employees Union.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Proposing Approval Of A Collective Bargaining Agreement Between The University Of Connecticut Board Of Trustees And The International Union, United Automobile, Aerospace And Agricultural Implement Workers Of America (uaw), Local Union 6950.. Description: Resolution Proposing Approval Of A Collective Bargaining Agreement Between The University Of Connecticut Board Of Trustees And The International Union, United Automobile, Aerospace And Agricultural Implement Workers Of America (uaw), Local Union 6950.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Proposing Approval Of A Tentative Agreement Between The State Of Connecticut And The Connecticut State Employees Association (p-3b Bargaining Unit).. Description: Resolution Proposing Approval Of A Tentative Agreement Between The State Of Connecticut And The Connecticut State Employees Association (p-3b Bargaining Unit).
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Lenny T. Winkler Of Groton To Be Reappointed A Member Of The Freedom Of Information Commission.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Lenny T. Winkler Of Groton To Be Reappointed A Member Of The Freedom Of Information Commission.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Concerning The Rules Of The House Of Representatives For The June Special Session, 2021.. Description: Resolution Concerning The Rules Of The House Of Representatives For The June Special Session, 2021.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Approving The Governor's Renewed Declaration Of Public Health And Civil Preparedness Emergencies Filed With The Secretary Of The State On July 13, 2021.. Description: Resolution Approving The Governor's Renewed Declaration Of Public Health And Civil Preparedness Emergencies Filed With The Secretary Of The State On July 13, 2021.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Concerning The Rules Of The House Of Representatives For The July Special Session, 2021.. Description: Resolution Concerning The Rules Of The House Of Representatives For The July Special Session, 2021.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Concerning The Rules Of The House Of Representatives For The September Special Session, 2021.. Description: Resolution Concerning The Rules Of The House Of Representatives For The September Special Session, 2021.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Approving The Governor's Renewed Declaration Of Public Health And Civil Preparedness Emergencies Filed With The Secretary Of The State On September 27, 2021.. Description: Resolution Approving The Governor's Renewed Declaration Of Public Health And Civil Preparedness Emergencies Filed With The Secretary Of The State On September 27, 2021.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Concerning The Rules Of The Senate.. Description: Resolution Concerning The Rules Of The Senate.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Concerning The Printing Of The Senate Journal.. Description: Resolution Concerning The Printing Of The Senate Journal.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Concerning Roll Call And Reading Of The Senate Journal.. Description: Resolution Concerning Roll Call And Reading Of The Senate Journal.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nominations Of Rabbi Philip Lazowski Of West Hartford As Chaplain Of The Senate And Reverend Bonita Grubbs Of New Haven And Monsignor Gerard G. Schmitz Of Branford As Deputy Chaplains Of The Senate.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nominations Of Rabbi Philip Lazowski Of West Hartford As Chaplain Of The Senate And Reverend Bonita Grubbs Of New Haven And Monsignor Gerard G. Schmitz Of Branford As Deputy Chaplains Of The Senate.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Proposing Approval Of A Memorandum Of Agreement Between The State Of Connecticut And The Administrative & Residual Employees Union.. Description: Resolution Proposing Approval Of A Memorandum Of Agreement Between The State Of Connecticut And The Administrative & Residual Employees Union.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Proposing Approval Of A Collective Bargaining Agreement Between The University Of Connecticut Board Of Trustees And The International Union, United Automobile, Aerospace And Agricultural Implement Workers Of America (uaw), Local Union 6950.. Description: Resolution Proposing Approval Of A Collective Bargaining Agreement Between The University Of Connecticut Board Of Trustees And The International Union, United Automobile, Aerospace And Agricultural Implement Workers Of America (uaw), Local Union 6950.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Proposing Approval Of A Tentative Agreement Between The State Of Connecticut And The Connecticut State Employees Association (p-3b Bargaining Unit).. Description: Resolution Proposing Approval Of A Tentative Agreement Between The State Of Connecticut And The Connecticut State Employees Association (p-3b Bargaining Unit).
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Concerning The Rules Of The Senate For The June Special Session, 2021.. Description: Resolution Concerning The Rules Of The Senate For The June Special Session, 2021.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Concerning The Rules Of The Senate For The July Special Session, 2021.. Description: Resolution Concerning The Rules Of The Senate For The July Special Session, 2021.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Approving The Governor's Renewed Declaration Of Public Health And Civil Preparedness Emergencies Filed With The Secretary Of The State On July 13, 2021.. Description: Resolution Approving The Governor's Renewed Declaration Of Public Health And Civil Preparedness Emergencies Filed With The Secretary Of The State On July 13, 2021.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Concerning The Rules Of The Senate For The September Special Session, 2021.. Description: Resolution Concerning The Rules Of The Senate For The September Special Session, 2021.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Approving The Governor's Renewed Declaration Of Public Health And Civil Preparedness Emergencies Filed With The Secretary Of The State On September 27, 2021.. Description: Resolution Approving The Governor's Renewed Declaration Of Public Health And Civil Preparedness Emergencies Filed With The Secretary Of The State On September 27, 2021.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Andrew J. Mcdonald Of Hartford To Be An Associate Judge Of The Supreme Court And A Judge Of The Superior Court.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Andrew J. Mcdonald Of Hartford To Be An Associate Judge Of The Supreme Court And A Judge Of The Superior Court.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Shelley A. Marcus Of Branford To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Shelley A. Marcus Of Branford To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Marcia J. Gleeson Of Avon To Be A Senior Judge Of The Superior Court.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Marcia J. Gleeson Of Avon To Be A Senior Judge Of The Superior Court.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Peter L. Brown Of Hamden To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Peter L. Brown Of Hamden To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Frank M. D'addabbo, Jr. Of Cromwell To Be A Senior Judge Of The Superior Court.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Frank M. D'addabbo, Jr. Of Cromwell To Be A Senior Judge Of The Superior Court.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable John F. Cronan Of Branford To Be A State Referee.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable John F. Cronan Of Branford To Be A State Referee.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Marshall K. Berger, Jr. Of Canton To Be A State Referee.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Marshall K. Berger, Jr. Of Canton To Be A State Referee.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable A. William Mottolese Of Stamford To Be A State Referee.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable A. William Mottolese Of Stamford To Be A State Referee.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Constance L. Epstein Of Glastonbury To Be A State Referee.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Constance L. Epstein Of Glastonbury To Be A State Referee.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Dale W. Radcliffe Of Bridgeport To Be A State Referee.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Dale W. Radcliffe Of Bridgeport To Be A State Referee.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable John Turner Of Hamden To Be A State Referee.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable John Turner Of Hamden To Be A State Referee.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Barbara M. Quinn Of Chester To Be A State Referee.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Barbara M. Quinn Of Chester To Be A State Referee.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Robert T. Resha Of Danbury To Be A State Referee.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Robert T. Resha Of Danbury To Be A State Referee.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Gary J. White Of Stamford To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Gary J. White Of Stamford To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Robyn Stewart Johnson Of Glastonbury To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Robyn Stewart Johnson Of Glastonbury To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Jason M. Lobo Of Suffield To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Jason M. Lobo Of Suffield To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Andrew W. Roraback Of Litchfield To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Andrew W. Roraback Of Litchfield To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Hope C. Seeley Of Coventry To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Hope C. Seeley Of Coventry To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Cynthia K. Swienton Of Chester To Be A Senior Judge Of The Superior Court.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Cynthia K. Swienton Of Chester To Be A Senior Judge Of The Superior Court.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable James G. Kenefick, Jr. Of Guilford To Be A State Referee.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable James G. Kenefick, Jr. Of Guilford To Be A State Referee.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Sheila A. Huddleston Of West Hartford To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Sheila A. Huddleston Of West Hartford To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Jon C. Blue Of Hamden To Be A State Referee.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Jon C. Blue Of Hamden To Be A State Referee.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Karen A. Goodrow Of Chester To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Karen A. Goodrow Of Chester To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Henry S. Cohn Of West Hartford To Be A State Referee.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Henry S. Cohn Of West Hartford To Be A State Referee.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Anthony D. Truglia, Jr. Of Stamford To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Anthony D. Truglia, Jr. Of Stamford To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Thomas G. Moukawsher Of Groton To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Thomas G. Moukawsher Of Groton To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Michael P. Kamp Of Hamden To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Michael P. Kamp Of Hamden To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Michael A. Albis Of East Haven To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Michael A. Albis Of East Haven To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Charles T. Lee Of Stamford To Be A State Referee.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Charles T. Lee Of Stamford To Be A State Referee.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Yolanda Castillo Of Manchester To Be A Member Of The Board Of Pardons And Paroles.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Yolanda Castillo Of Manchester To Be A Member Of The Board Of Pardons And Paroles.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Commemorating The Twenty-second Anniversary Of The Connecticut-taiwan Sister-state Relationship.. Description: Resolution Commemorating The Twenty-second Anniversary Of The Connecticut-taiwan Sister-state Relationship.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Awilda Reasco Of New Britain To Be Appointed A Member Of The State Board Of Education.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Awilda Reasco Of New Britain To Be Appointed A Member Of The State Board Of Education.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Elwood Exley, Jr. Of West Hartford To Be Appointed A Member Of The State Board Of Education.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Elwood Exley, Jr. Of West Hartford To Be Appointed A Member Of The State Board Of Education.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Martha Paluch Prou Of Bloomfield To Be Appointed A Member Of The State Board Of Education.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Martha Paluch Prou Of Bloomfield To Be Appointed A Member Of The State Board Of Education.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Deborah Smith Palmieri Of Guilford To Be A Member Of The Board Of Pardons And Paroles.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Deborah Smith Palmieri Of Guilford To Be A Member Of The Board Of Pardons And Paroles.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Proposing A State Constitutional Amendment To Allow No-excuse Absentee Voting.. Description: Resolution Proposing A State Constitutional Amendment To Allow No-excuse Absentee Voting.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Approving An Amendment To The State Constitution To Allow For Early Voting.. Description: Resolution Approving An Amendment To The State Constitution To Allow For Early Voting.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Scott A. Barton Of Seymour To Be A Workers' Compensation Commissioner.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Scott A. Barton Of Seymour To Be A Workers' Compensation Commissioner.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Anthony P. Fusco Of Brookfield To Be A Member Of The Judicial Review Council As An Alternate Family Support Magistrate.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Anthony P. Fusco Of Brookfield To Be A Member Of The Judicial Review Council As An Alternate Family Support Magistrate.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Robert W. Clark, Esquire, Of Durham To Be A Judge Of The Appellate Court And A Judge Of The Superior Court.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Robert W. Clark, Esquire, Of Durham To Be A Judge Of The Appellate Court And A Judge Of The Superior Court.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Christy L. Scott Of Berlin To Be Claims Commissioner.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Christy L. Scott Of Berlin To Be Claims Commissioner.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Shannon R. Tracy Bergquist Of Colchester To Be Appointed A Member Of The State Elections Enforcement Commission.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Shannon R. Tracy Bergquist Of Colchester To Be Appointed A Member Of The State Elections Enforcement Commission.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Richard Balducci Of Deep River To Be A Member Of The Board Of Regents For Higher Education.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Richard Balducci Of Deep River To Be A Member Of The Board Of Regents For Higher Education.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Donald F. Harris, Jr. Of Bloomfield To Be Reappointed A Member Of The State Board Of Education.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Donald F. Harris, Jr. Of Bloomfield To Be Reappointed A Member Of The State Board Of Education.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Thomas M. Patton Of Branford To Be Appointed To The Board Of Directors Of The Connecticut Port Authority.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Thomas M. Patton Of Branford To Be Appointed To The Board Of Directors Of The Connecticut Port Authority.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Granting The Claims Commissioner An Extension Of Time To Dispose Of Certain Claims.. Description: Resolution Granting The Claims Commissioner An Extension Of Time To Dispose Of Certain Claims.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Vacating The Decision Of The Claims Commissioner To Deny The Claim Against The State Of Jean Barjon And Remanding The Claim To The Claims Commissioner For A Hearing On The Merits.. Description: Resolution Vacating The Decision Of The Claims Commissioner To Deny The Claim Against The State Of Jean Barjon And Remanding The Claim To The Claims Commissioner For A Hearing On The Merits.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Decision Of The Claims Commissioner To Dismiss Certain Claims Against The State.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Decision Of The Claims Commissioner To Dismiss Certain Claims Against The State.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Vacating Decisions Of The Claims Commissioner To Dismiss The Claims Against The State Of Certain Claimants And Remanding Those Claims To The Claims Commissioner For Further Proceedings.. Description: Resolution Vacating Decisions Of The Claims Commissioner To Dismiss The Claims Against The State Of Certain Claimants And Remanding Those Claims To The Claims Commissioner For Further Proceedings.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Authorizing The Claimant, The Estate Of Karon Nealy, To Sue The State.. Description: Resolution Authorizing The Claimant, The Estate Of Karon Nealy, To Sue The State.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Decision Of The Office Of The Claims Commissioner To Deny Certain Claims.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Decision Of The Office Of The Claims Commissioner To Deny Certain Claims.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Decision Of The Office Of The Claims Commissioner To Dismiss Certain Claims Against The State.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Decision Of The Office Of The Claims Commissioner To Dismiss Certain Claims Against The State.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Gregory Duncan Harris Of Windsor To Be A Member Of The New England Board Of Higher Education.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Gregory Duncan Harris Of Windsor To Be A Member Of The New England Board Of Higher Education.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Bert J. Hunter Of Greenwich To Be A Member Of The Board Of Directors Of The Materials Innovation And Recycling Authority.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Bert J. Hunter Of Greenwich To Be A Member Of The Board Of Directors Of The Materials Innovation And Recycling Authority.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Sebastian Lombardi Of Simsbury To Be A Member Of The Connecticut Airport Authority Board Of Directors.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Sebastian Lombardi Of Simsbury To Be A Member Of The Connecticut Airport Authority Board Of Directors.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Gregory Piecuch Of Hartford To Be A Member Of The State Elections Enforcement Commission.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Gregory Piecuch Of Hartford To Be A Member Of The State Elections Enforcement Commission.
In 2021, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: Resolution Adopting The State Plan Of Conservation And Development, "conservation And Development Policies: The Plan For Connecticut, 2018-2023".. Description: Resolution Adopting The State Plan Of Conservation And Development, "conservation And Development Policies: The Plan For Connecticut, 2018-2023".
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Nicholas Kapoor Of Monroe To Be A Member Of The Commission On Human Rights And Opportunities.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Nicholas Kapoor Of Monroe To Be A Member Of The Commission On Human Rights And Opportunities.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of John W. Betkoski Iii Of Beacon Falls To Be Reappointed A Utility Commissioner Of The Public Utility Regulatory Authority.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of John W. Betkoski Iii Of Beacon Falls To Be Reappointed A Utility Commissioner Of The Public Utility Regulatory Authority.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Ashlee Fox Of Fairfield To Be A Member Of The Connecticut Commuter Rail Council.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Ashlee Fox Of Fairfield To Be A Member Of The Connecticut Commuter Rail Council.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Mishone Donelson Of Farmington To Be A Member Of The Connecticut Airport Authority Board Of Directors.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Mishone Donelson Of Farmington To Be A Member Of The Connecticut Airport Authority Board Of Directors.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Scott Guilmartin Of Suffield To Be Reappointed A Member Of The Board Of Directors Of The Connecticut Airport Authority.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Scott Guilmartin Of Suffield To Be Reappointed A Member Of The Board Of Directors Of The Connecticut Airport Authority.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Convening The General Assembly In Special Session.. Description: Resolution Convening The General Assembly In Special Session.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Concerning The Joint Rules Of The June Special Session, 2021.. Description: Resolution Concerning The Joint Rules Of The June Special Session, 2021.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Concerning The Expenses Of The June Special Session, 2021.. Description: Resolution Concerning The Expenses Of The June Special Session, 2021.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Concerning The Printing Of The Journals Of The Senate And House Of Representatives For The June Special Session, 2021.. Description: Resolution Concerning The Printing Of The Journals Of The Senate And House Of Representatives For The June Special Session, 2021.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Concerning The Joint Rules Of The July Special Session, 2021.. Description: Resolution Concerning The Joint Rules Of The July Special Session, 2021.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Concerning The Expenses Of The July Special Session, 2021.. Description: Resolution Concerning The Expenses Of The July Special Session, 2021.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Concerning The Printing Of The Journals Of The Senate And House Of Representatives For The July Special Session, 2021.. Description: Resolution Concerning The Printing Of The Journals Of The Senate And House Of Representatives For The July Special Session, 2021.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Concerning The Joint Rules Of The Senate And The House Of Representatives.. Description: Resolution Concerning The Joint Rules Of The Senate And The House Of Representatives.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Concerning Publication Of The Legislative Bulletin, Printing Of Bills And Expenses Of The 2021 Session Of The General Assembly.. Description: Resolution Concerning Publication Of The Legislative Bulletin, Printing Of Bills And Expenses Of The 2021 Session Of The General Assembly.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Karen E. Dubois-walton Of New Haven To Be Appointed A Member Of The State Board Of Education.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Karen E. Dubois-walton Of New Haven To Be Appointed A Member Of The State Board Of Education.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Bonnie Burr Of Brookfield To Be A Member Of The State Board Of Education.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Bonnie Burr Of Brookfield To Be A Member Of The State Board Of Education.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Malia Sieve Of Waterford To Be Reappointed A Member Of The State Board Of Education.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Malia Sieve Of Waterford To Be Reappointed A Member Of The State Board Of Education.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Erik M. Clemons Of New Haven To Be A Member Of The State Board Of Education.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Erik M. Clemons Of New Haven To Be A Member Of The State Board Of Education.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Salvatore C. Agati Of Watertown To Be A Member Of The Judicial Review Council.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Salvatore C. Agati Of Watertown To Be A Member Of The Judicial Review Council.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Robert R. Bouvier Of West Hartford To Be A Member Of The Judicial Review Council.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Robert R. Bouvier Of West Hartford To Be A Member Of The Judicial Review Council.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Kevin J. O'connor Of Greenwich To Be A Member Of The Board Of Trustees For The University Of Connecticut.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Kevin J. O'connor Of Greenwich To Be A Member Of The Board Of Trustees For The University Of Connecticut.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Robert T. Simmelkjaer Ii Of Westport To Be A Member And Chairperson Of The Board Of Directors Of The Connecticut Lottery Corporation.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Robert T. Simmelkjaer Ii Of Westport To Be A Member And Chairperson Of The Board Of Directors Of The Connecticut Lottery Corporation.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Robert Namnoum Of Canton To Be Appointed A Member Of The Education Arbitration Board.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Robert Namnoum Of Canton To Be Appointed A Member Of The Education Arbitration Board.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Sarah Healy Eagan Of West Hartford To Be Reappointed As The Child Advocate.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Sarah Healy Eagan Of West Hartford To Be Reappointed As The Child Advocate.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Andrea B. Dennis-lavigne Of Simsbury To Be Appointed A Member Of The Board Of Trustees For The University Of Connecticut.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Andrea B. Dennis-lavigne Of Simsbury To Be Appointed A Member Of The Board Of Trustees For The University Of Connecticut.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Dr. John Bonetti Of Farmington To Be A Member Of The Psychiatric Security Review Board.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Dr. John Bonetti Of Farmington To Be A Member Of The Psychiatric Security Review Board.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of William F. Clark, Esquire, Of New Haven To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of William F. Clark, Esquire, Of New Haven To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Maximino Medina, Jr., Esquire, Of Bridgeport To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Maximino Medina, Jr., Esquire, Of Bridgeport To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Jessica Torres Shlatz, Esquire, Of West Hartford To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Jessica Torres Shlatz, Esquire, Of West Hartford To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Ndidi N. Moses, Esquire, Of Seymour To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Ndidi N. Moses, Esquire, Of Seymour To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Michael James Gustafson, Esquire, Of West Hartford To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Michael James Gustafson, Esquire, Of West Hartford To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Kimberly Massicotte, Esquire, Of Burlington To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Kimberly Massicotte, Esquire, Of Burlington To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.
In 2021, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: Resolution Expressing Sympathy On The Death Of State Auditor And Former State Senator Robert J. Kane.. Description: Resolution Expressing Sympathy On The Death Of State Auditor And Former State Senator Robert J. Kane.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of John A. Cirello, Esquire, Of New Haven To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of John A. Cirello, Esquire, Of New Haven To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Chris A. Pelosi, Esquire, Of Berlin To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Chris A. Pelosi, Esquire, Of Berlin To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Edward Vincent O'hanlan, Esquire, Of Old Lyme To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Edward Vincent O'hanlan, Esquire, Of Old Lyme To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Angelica N. Papastavros, Esquire, Of Killingworth To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Angelica N. Papastavros, Esquire, Of Killingworth To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Gladys Idelis Nieves Of New Haven To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Gladys Idelis Nieves Of New Haven To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of H. Gordon Hall, Esquire, Of New Haven To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of H. Gordon Hall, Esquire, Of New Haven To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Carla Nascimento Zahner, Esquire, Of West Hartford To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Carla Nascimento Zahner, Esquire, Of West Hartford To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Linda Allard, Esquire, Of West Hartford To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Linda Allard, Esquire, Of West Hartford To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Carletha S.p. Texidor, Esquire, Of Southington To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Carletha S.p. Texidor, Esquire, Of Southington To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Ari Santiago Of West Hartford To Be A Member Of The Board Of Regents For Higher Education.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Ari Santiago Of West Hartford To Be A Member Of The Board Of Regents For Higher Education.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Suzette Brown Of Bloomfield To Be A Member Of The Board Of Directors Of The Materials Innovation And Recycling Authority.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Suzette Brown Of Bloomfield To Be A Member Of The Board Of Directors Of The Materials Innovation And Recycling Authority.
In 2021, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: Resolution Expressing Sympathy On The Death Of Former State Senator Edwin A. Gomes.. Description: Resolution Expressing Sympathy On The Death Of Former State Senator Edwin A. Gomes.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Appointing Clark Chapin Of Ellington An Auditor Of Public Accounts.. Description: Resolution Appointing Clark Chapin Of Ellington An Auditor Of Public Accounts.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Allan B. Taylor Of West Hartford To Be Reappointed A Member Of The State Board Of Education.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Allan B. Taylor Of West Hartford To Be Reappointed A Member Of The State Board Of Education.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Theodore M. Doolittle Of West Hartford To Be Reappointed Healthcare Advocate.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Theodore M. Doolittle Of West Hartford To Be Reappointed Healthcare Advocate.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Attorney Leonard Fasano Of North Haven To Be A Legislative Commissioner.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Attorney Leonard Fasano Of North Haven To Be A Legislative Commissioner.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Convening The General Assembly In Special Session.. Description: Resolution Convening The General Assembly In Special Session.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Concerning The Joint Rules Of The September Special Session, 2021.. Description: Resolution Concerning The Joint Rules Of The September Special Session, 2021.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Concerning The Printing Of The Journals Of The Senate And House Of Representatives For The September Special Session, 2021.. Description: Resolution Concerning The Printing Of The Journals Of The Senate And House Of Representatives For The September Special Session, 2021.
In 2021, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Concerning The Expenses Of The September Special Session, 2021.. Description: Resolution Concerning The Expenses Of The September Special Session, 2021.
In 2020, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Police Accountability.. Description: An Act Concerning Police Accountability.
In 2020, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Authorizing And Adjusting Bonds Of The State For Capital Improvements, Transportation And Other Purposes, And Concerning Municipal Reports On Certain Property Tax Exemptions, Validation Of A Referendum And Highway Projects.. Description: An Act Authorizing And Adjusting Bonds Of The State For Capital Improvements, Transportation And Other Purposes, And Concerning Municipal Reports On Certain Property Tax Exemptions, Validation Of A Referendum And Highway Projects.
In 2020, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Telehealth.. Description: An Act Concerning Telehealth.
In 2020, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Absentee Voting And Reporting Of Results At The 2020 State Election, Expanding Election Day Registration And Ratifying Certain Provisions Of An Executive Order That Relate To The August 11, 2020, Primary.. Description: An Act Concerning Absentee Voting And Reporting Of Results At The 2020 State Election, Expanding Election Day Registration And Ratifying Certain Provisions Of An Executive Order That Relate To The August 11, 2020, Primary.
In 2020, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Diabetes And High Deductible Health Plans.. Description: An Act Concerning Diabetes And High Deductible Health Plans.
In 2020, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Revising Provisions Of The Transfer Act And Authorizing The Development And Implementation Of A Release-based Remediation Program.. Description: An Act Revising Provisions Of The Transfer Act And Authorizing The Development And Implementation Of A Release-based Remediation Program.
In 2020, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Certain Fees And Expenses Of State Marshals When Serving Process.. Description: An Act Concerning Certain Fees And Expenses Of State Marshals When Serving Process.
In 2020, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Revising The State Hemp Program In Accordance With Federal Requirements.. Description: An Act Revising The State Hemp Program In Accordance With Federal Requirements.
In 2020, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Eligibility For The Supplemental Collapsing Foundation Loan Program.. Description: An Act Concerning Eligibility For The Supplemental Collapsing Foundation Loan Program.
In 2020, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning A Municipal Election Monitor At The 2020 State Election And Processing Of Absentee Ballots For The 2020 State Election.. Description: An Act Concerning A Municipal Election Monitor At The 2020 State Election And Processing Of Absentee Ballots For The 2020 State Election.
In 2020, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Emergency Response By Electric Distribution Companies, The Regulation Of Other Public Utilities And Nexus Provisions For Certain Disaster-related Or Emergency-related Work Performed In The State.. Description: An Act Concerning Emergency Response By Electric Distribution Companies, The Regulation Of Other Public Utilities And Nexus Provisions For Certain Disaster-related Or Emergency-related Work Performed In The State.
In 2020, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Enhancements To The State's Environmental Justice Law.. Description: An Act Concerning Enhancements To The State's Environmental Justice Law.
In 2020, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Deadlines For Certain Property Tax Exemptions And Municipal Matters.. Description: An Act Concerning The Deadlines For Certain Property Tax Exemptions And Municipal Matters.
In 2020, Connecticut passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning The Authorization Of State Grant Commitments For School Building Projects, The Recognition Of Goodwin University As A Local Education Agency For Purposes Of Federal Law, Certain Exclusions To The Calculation Of A School District's Minimum Budget Requirement, And Delaying Certain Revisions To The Law Regarding The Provision Of Construction Management Services.. Description: An Act Concerning The Authorization Of State Grant Commitments For School Building Projects, The Recognition Of Goodwin University As A Local Education Agency For Purposes Of Federal Law, Certain Exclusions To The Calculation Of A School District's Minimum Budget Requirement, And Delaying Certain Revisions To The Law Regarding The Provision Of Construction Management Services.
In 2020, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Reappointing Robert J. Kane Of Watertown An Auditor Of Public Accounts.. Description: Resolution Reappointing Robert J. Kane Of Watertown An Auditor Of Public Accounts.
In 2020, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Raising A Committee To Inform The Senate That The House Is Ready To Meet In Joint Convention.. Description: Resolution Raising A Committee To Inform The Senate That The House Is Ready To Meet In Joint Convention.
In 2020, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Concerning The Printing Of The House Journal.. Description: Resolution Concerning The Printing Of The House Journal.
In 2020, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Proposing Approval Of An Interest Arbitration Award Between The State Of Connecticut And Local 3419 Of Council 4, American Federation Of State, County And Municipal Employees, Afl-cio.. Description: Resolution Proposing Approval Of An Interest Arbitration Award Between The State Of Connecticut And Local 3419 Of Council 4, American Federation Of State, County And Municipal Employees, Afl-cio.
In 2020, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Victoria Chavey Of West Hartford To Be Appointed A Member Of The Freedom Of Information Commission.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Victoria Chavey Of West Hartford To Be Appointed A Member Of The Freedom Of Information Commission.
In 2020, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Stephen Fuzesi, Jr., Of Greenwich To Be Appointed A Member Of The Freedom Of Information Commission.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Stephen Fuzesi, Jr., Of Greenwich To Be Appointed A Member Of The Freedom Of Information Commission.
In 2020, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Miguel A. Cardona Of Meriden To Be Commissioner Of Education.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Miguel A. Cardona Of Meriden To Be Commissioner Of Education.
In 2020, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Deidre S. Gifford Of West Hartford To Be Commissioner Of Social Services.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Deidre S. Gifford Of West Hartford To Be Commissioner Of Social Services.
In 2020, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Proposing Approval Of A Memorandum Of Understanding Between The State Of Connecticut And The State Employees Bargaining Agent Coalition (sebac).. Description: Resolution Proposing Approval Of A Memorandum Of Understanding Between The State Of Connecticut And The State Employees Bargaining Agent Coalition (sebac).
In 2020, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Charles F. Bunnell Of Waterford To Be Reappointed A Member Of The Board Of Trustees For The University Of Connecticut.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Charles F. Bunnell Of Waterford To Be Reappointed A Member Of The Board Of Trustees For The University Of Connecticut.
In 2020, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Shari Cantor Of West Hartford To Be Reappointed A Member Of The Board Of Trustees For The University Of Connecticut.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Shari Cantor Of West Hartford To Be Reappointed A Member Of The Board Of Trustees For The University Of Connecticut.
In 2020, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Concerning The Rules Of The House Of Representatives For The July Special Session, 2020.. Description: Resolution Concerning The Rules Of The House Of Representatives For The July Special Session, 2020.
In 2020, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Concerning The Rules Of The House Of Representatives For The September 29 Special Session, 2020.. Description: Resolution Concerning The Rules Of The House Of Representatives For The September 29 Special Session, 2020.
In 2020, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Concerning The Rules Of The House Of Representatives For The September Special Session, 2020.. Description: Resolution Concerning The Rules Of The House Of Representatives For The September Special Session, 2020.
In 2020, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Concerning The Printing Of The Senate Journal.. Description: Resolution Concerning The Printing Of The Senate Journal.
In 2020, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Concerning Roll Call And Reading Of The Senate Journal.. Description: Resolution Concerning Roll Call And Reading Of The Senate Journal.
In 2020, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Raising A Committee To Inform The House That The Senate Is Ready To Meet In Joint Convention.. Description: Resolution Raising A Committee To Inform The House That The Senate Is Ready To Meet In Joint Convention.
In 2020, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Proposing Approval Of An Interest Arbitration Award Between The State Of Connecticut And Local 3419 Of Council 4, American Federation Of State, County And Municipal Employees, Afl-cio.. Description: Resolution Proposing Approval Of An Interest Arbitration Award Between The State Of Connecticut And Local 3419 Of Council 4, American Federation Of State, County And Municipal Employees, Afl-cio.
In 2020, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Owen Eagan Of West Hartford To Be Reappointed A Member Of The Freedom Of Information Commission.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Owen Eagan Of West Hartford To Be Reappointed A Member Of The Freedom Of Information Commission.
In 2020, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Proposing Approval Of A Memorandum Of Understanding Between The State Of Connecticut And The State Employees Bargaining Agent Coalition (sebac).. Description: Resolution Proposing Approval Of A Memorandum Of Understanding Between The State Of Connecticut And The State Employees Bargaining Agent Coalition (sebac).
In 2020, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Andy F. Bessette Of West Hartford To Be Reappointed A Member Of The Board Of Trustees For The University Of Connecticut.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Andy F. Bessette Of West Hartford To Be Reappointed A Member Of The Board Of Trustees For The University Of Connecticut.
In 2020, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Daniel D. Toscano Of Darien As A Member Of The Board Of Trustees For The University Of Connecticut.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Daniel D. Toscano Of Darien As A Member Of The Board Of Trustees For The University Of Connecticut.
In 2020, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Concerning The Rules Of The Senate For The July Special Session, 2020.. Description: Resolution Concerning The Rules Of The Senate For The July Special Session, 2020.
In 2020, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Concerning The Rules Of The Senate For The September 29 Special Session, 2020.. Description: Resolution Concerning The Rules Of The Senate For The September 29 Special Session, 2020.
In 2020, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Concerning The Rules Of The Senate For The September Special Session, 2020.. Description: Resolution Concerning The Rules Of The Senate For The September Special Session, 2020.
In 2020, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable John F. Blawie Of Greenwich To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable John F. Blawie Of Greenwich To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.
In 2020, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Anna M. Ficeto Of Wolcott To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Anna M. Ficeto Of Wolcott To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.
In 2020, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Frank A. Iannotti Of North Haven To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Frank A. Iannotti Of North Haven To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.
In 2020, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Soline M. Oslena, Esquire, Of Oakdale To Be A Workers' Compensation Commissioner.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Soline M. Oslena, Esquire, Of Oakdale To Be A Workers' Compensation Commissioner.
In 2020, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Dan Shaban Of Middlebury To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Dan Shaban Of Middlebury To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.
In 2020, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Hillary B. Strackbein Of Guilford To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Hillary B. Strackbein Of Guilford To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.
In 2020, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Theodore R. Tyma Of Trumbull To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Theodore R. Tyma Of Trumbull To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.
In 2020, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Richard E. Arnold Of Orange To Be A State Referee.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Richard E. Arnold Of Orange To Be A State Referee.
In 2020, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Edward J. Dolan Of Branford To Be A State Referee.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Edward J. Dolan Of Branford To Be A State Referee.
In 2020, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Michael Hartmere Of Milford To Be A State Referee.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Michael Hartmere Of Milford To Be A State Referee.
In 2020, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Burton A. Kaplan Of Easton To Be A State Referee.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Burton A. Kaplan Of Easton To Be A State Referee.
In 2020, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable A. Susan Peck Of Chester To Be A State Referee.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable A. Susan Peck Of Chester To Be A State Referee.
In 2020, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Thelma A. Santos Of West Hartford To Be A State Referee.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Thelma A. Santos Of West Hartford To Be A State Referee.
In 2020, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Elliot N. Solomon Of West Hartford To Be A State Referee.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Elliot N. Solomon Of West Hartford To Be A State Referee.
In 2020, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Wilfred J. Blanchette, Jr., Of Baltic To Be A Member Of The Board Of Directors Of The Connecticut Lottery Corporation.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Wilfred J. Blanchette, Jr., Of Baltic To Be A Member Of The Board Of Directors Of The Connecticut Lottery Corporation.
In 2020, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of David Kooris Of Stamford To Be A Member Of The Board Of Directors Of The Connecticut Port Authority.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of David Kooris Of Stamford To Be A Member Of The Board Of Directors Of The Connecticut Port Authority.
In 2020, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Maureen D. Dennis Of Southport To Be A Member Of The Judicial Review Council.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Maureen D. Dennis Of Southport To Be A Member Of The Judicial Review Council.
In 2020, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Anthony P. Fusco Of Brookfield To Be A Member Of The Judicial Review Council As An Alternate Family Support Magistrate.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Anthony P. Fusco Of Brookfield To Be A Member Of The Judicial Review Council As An Alternate Family Support Magistrate.
In 2020, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable John F. Kavanewsky, Jr., Of East Norwalk To Be A Member Of The Judicial Review Council.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable John F. Kavanewsky, Jr., Of East Norwalk To Be A Member Of The Judicial Review Council.
In 2020, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Attorney Richard T. Meehan Of Shelton To Be A Member Of The Judicial Review Council As An Alternate Attorney-at-law.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Attorney Richard T. Meehan Of Shelton To Be A Member Of The Judicial Review Council As An Alternate Attorney-at-law.
In 2020, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Milan Chand Of Newtown To Be Appointed A Nonvoting Student Member Of The State Board Of Education.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Milan Chand Of Newtown To Be Appointed A Nonvoting Student Member Of The State Board Of Education.
In 2020, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Sophia Chin Of South Windsor To Be Appointed A Nonvoting Student Member Of The State Board Of Education.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Sophia Chin Of South Windsor To Be Appointed A Nonvoting Student Member Of The State Board Of Education.
In 2020, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Andrew M. Norton Of Colchester To Be A Member Of The Commission On Human Rights And Opportunities.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Andrew M. Norton Of Colchester To Be A Member Of The Commission On Human Rights And Opportunities.
In 2020, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Richard Balducci Of Deep River To Be A Member Of The Board Of Regents For Higher Education.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Richard Balducci Of Deep River To Be A Member Of The Board Of Regents For Higher Education.
In 2020, Connecticut engrossed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Martha Paluch Prou Of Bloomfield To Be Appointed A Member Of The State Board Of Education.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Martha Paluch Prou Of Bloomfield To Be Appointed A Member Of The State Board Of Education.
In 2020, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution To Amend The Joint Rules Of The Senate And The House Of Representatives.. Description: Resolution To Amend The Joint Rules Of The Senate And The House Of Representatives.
In 2020, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Concerning The Expenses Of The September Special Session, 2020.. Description: Resolution Concerning The Expenses Of The September Special Session, 2020.
In 2020, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Concerning The Joint Rules For The September 29 Special Session, 2020.. Description: Resolution Concerning The Joint Rules For The September 29 Special Session, 2020.
In 2020, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Concerning The Expenses Of The September 29 Special Session, 2020.. Description: Resolution Concerning The Expenses Of The September 29 Special Session, 2020.
In 2020, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Concerning The Printing Of The Journals Of The Senate And House Of Representatives For The September 29 Special Session, 2020.. Description: Resolution Concerning The Printing Of The Journals Of The Senate And House Of Representatives For The September 29 Special Session, 2020.
In 2020, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Christine E. Keller Of Hartford To Be An Associate Judge Of The Supreme Court And A Judge Of The Superior Court.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Christine E. Keller Of Hartford To Be An Associate Judge Of The Supreme Court And A Judge Of The Superior Court.
In 2020, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Joan K. Alexander Of Cromwell To Be A Judge Of The Appellate Court And A Judge Of The Superior Court.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Joan K. Alexander Of Cromwell To Be A Judge Of The Appellate Court And A Judge Of The Superior Court.
In 2020, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Melanie L. Cradle Of Durham To Be A Judge Of The Appellate Court And A Judge Of The Superior Court.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Melanie L. Cradle Of Durham To Be A Judge Of The Appellate Court And A Judge Of The Superior Court.
In 2020, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Jose A. Suarez Of Chester To Be A Judge Of The Appellate Court And A Judge Of The Superior Court.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Jose A. Suarez Of Chester To Be A Judge Of The Appellate Court And A Judge Of The Superior Court.
In 2020, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Concerning The Joint Rules For The September Special Session, 2020.. Description: Resolution Concerning The Joint Rules For The September Special Session, 2020.
In 2020, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Concerning The Printing Of The Journals Of The Senate And House Of Representatives For The September Special Session, 2020.. Description: Resolution Concerning The Printing Of The Journals Of The Senate And House Of Representatives For The September Special Session, 2020.
In 2020, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Concerning Publication Of Legislative Bulletin, Printing Of Bills And Expenses.. Description: Resolution Concerning Publication Of Legislative Bulletin, Printing Of Bills And Expenses.
In 2020, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Raising A Committee To Inform The Governor That The Senate And House Of Representatives Are Met In Joint Convention To Receive His Budget Message.. Description: Resolution Raising A Committee To Inform The Governor That The Senate And House Of Representatives Are Met In Joint Convention To Receive His Budget Message.
In 2020, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Concerning The Printing Of The Governor's Budget Message.. Description: Resolution Concerning The Printing Of The Governor's Budget Message.
In 2020, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Patrick L. Carroll, Iii Of Seymour To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Patrick L. Carroll, Iii Of Seymour To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.
In 2020, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Donna Nelson Heller Of Riverside To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Donna Nelson Heller Of Riverside To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.
In 2020, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Sybil V. Richards Of Orange To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Sybil V. Richards Of Orange To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.
In 2020, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Kenneth L. Shluger Of Waterford To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Kenneth L. Shluger Of Waterford To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.
In 2020, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Mark H. Taylor Of West Hartford To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Mark H. Taylor Of West Hartford To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.
In 2020, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Elpedio N. Vitale Of Madison To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Elpedio N. Vitale Of Madison To Be A Judge Of The Superior Court.
In 2020, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Leeland J. Cole-chu Of Salem To Be State Referee.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Leeland J. Cole-chu Of Salem To Be State Referee.
In 2020, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable William Holden Of Bridgeport To Be A State Referee.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable William Holden Of Bridgeport To Be A State Referee.
In 2020, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Edward J. Mullarkey Of Rocky Hill To Be A State Referee.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Edward J. Mullarkey Of Rocky Hill To Be A State Referee.
In 2020, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Kenneth B. Povodator Of Fairfield To Be A State Referee.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Kenneth B. Povodator Of Fairfield To Be A State Referee.
In 2020, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Michael R. Sheldon Of Farmington To Be A State Referee.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Michael R. Sheldon Of Farmington To Be A State Referee.
In 2020, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Grant W. Westerson Of Old Saybrook To Be Reappointed A Member Of The Board Of Directors Of The Connecticut Port Authority.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Grant W. Westerson Of Old Saybrook To Be Reappointed A Member Of The Board Of Directors Of The Connecticut Port Authority.
In 2020, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Attorney Genea Odessa Bell Of Colchester To Be A Member Of The Judicial Review Council As An Alternate Attorney-at-law.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Attorney Genea Odessa Bell Of Colchester To Be A Member Of The Judicial Review Council As An Alternate Attorney-at-law.
In 2020, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Gladys Idelis Nieves Of New Haven To Be A Member Of The Judicial Review Council As An Alternate Family Support Magistrate.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Gladys Idelis Nieves Of New Haven To Be A Member Of The Judicial Review Council As An Alternate Family Support Magistrate.
In 2020, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Neeta Vatti Of Cheshire To Be A Member Of The Commission On Human Rights And Opportunities.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Neeta Vatti Of Cheshire To Be A Member Of The Commission On Human Rights And Opportunities.
In 2020, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Michael L. Ferguson Of Meriden To Be A Member Of The Judicial Review Council As An Alternate Family Support Magistrate.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of The Honorable Michael L. Ferguson Of Meriden To Be A Member Of The Judicial Review Council As An Alternate Family Support Magistrate.
In 2020, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Attorney Mitchell R. Harris Of Avon To Be A Member Of The Judicial Review Council.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Attorney Mitchell R. Harris Of Avon To Be A Member Of The Judicial Review Council.
In 2020, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Attorney Mark D. Phillips Of Westport To Be A Member Of The Judicial Review Council.. Description: Resolution Confirming The Nomination Of Attorney Mark D. Phillips Of Westport To Be A Member Of The Judicial Review Council.
In 2020, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Concerning The Printing Of The Journals Of The Senate And House Of Representatives For The July Special Session, 2020.. Description: Resolution Concerning The Printing Of The Journals Of The Senate And House Of Representatives For The July Special Session, 2020.
In 2020, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Concerning The Expenses Of The July Special Session, 2020.. Description: Resolution Concerning The Expenses Of The July Special Session, 2020.
In 2020, Connecticut passed a bill titled: Resolution Concerning The Joint Rules For The July Special Session, 2020.. Description: Resolution Concerning The Joint Rules For The July Special Session, 2020.
