Below are the bills that have been engrossed, enrolled, or passed in the state of Delaware:
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing January 1, 2025 As Haitian Independence Day In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This resolution recognizes January 1, 2025, as Haitian Independence Day in the State of Delaware.
In 2025, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Delaware State Senate Rules Of Procedure For Ethics Violations.. Description: This Resolution enacts the Delaware State Senate Rules of Procedure for Ethics Violations.
In 2025, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: An Act To Amend The Charter Of The Town Of Millsboro Relating To Town Of Millsboro Election Districts, Vacancies, And The Town Secretary.. Description: This bill amends the charter of the Town of Millsboro to authorize redistricting of the Town's 3 municipal election districts using the 2020 federal decennial census by January 1, 2026 and to thereafter redistrict within 2 years of the latest federal decennial census. This bill also changes the process to fill a vacancy on the Town Council so that: (1) the Town Council shall appoint a person to fill a vacancy when there is less than 1 year remaining in the vacant term; (2) a special election is required to fill a vacancy when there is more than 1 year remaining in the vacant term; and (3) the Town Council shall appoint a person to fill the vacancy if no one files to run in the special election. This bill also clarifies that the Secretary shall be one of the members of the Town Council and describes the duties of the Secretary.T
In 2025, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Chapter 299, Volume 84 Of The Laws Of Delaware Relating To The. Description: This Act amends the Public Laws of Delaware relating to the Affordable Housing Production Task Force by extending the deadline for the provision of the final report of the Task Force from March 1, 2025 to April 7, 2025.
In 2025, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Chapter 459, Volume 84 Of The Laws Of Delaware And Titles 6, 29, And 30 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Registration Of Trade Names.. Description: This Act modifies the effective date of Chapter 459, Volume 84 of the Laws of Delaware from February 1, 2025 to June 2, 2025, which was enacted to allow One-Stop business registration by making trade name registrations fully online. It codifies existing practice with respect to the registration of trade names for corporations and LLCs and adds a $25 annual license fee for Delaware corporations and LLCs not doing business in Delaware but desiring a Delaware trade name registration.
In 2025, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concurring In A Proposed Amendment To Article I Of The Delaware Constitution Relating To Criminal Procedures.. Description: This Act is the second leg of a constitutional amendment to modernize the bail provisions within the Delaware Constitution and clarify the power of the General Assembly to enumerate certain felony offenses for which, or circumstances under which, pretrial release on bail may not be allowed. The first leg of this constitutional amendment was Senate Substitute No. 1 for Senate Bill No. 11 of the 152nd General Assembly, published in Chapter 283 of Volume 84 of the Laws of Delaware. On passage of this second leg by this General Assembly this amendment will become part of the Delaware Constitution.
In 2025, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code And Chapter 446 Of Volume 84 Of The Laws Of Delaware Relating To Pensions For The State Judiciary.. Description: After enactment of Senate Substitute No. 1 to Senate Bill No. 174 of the 152nd General Assembly (Chapter 446 of Volume 84 of the Laws of Delaware), it was discovered that Senate Substitute No. 1 to Senate Bill No. 174 would, if implemented, jeopardize the qualified federal tax status of the Delaware Public Employees Retirement System by giving individuals who are Justices of the Peace, Commissioners of the Superior Court, Family Court, and Court of Common Pleas (Commissioners), and Magistrates in Chancery (Magistrates), as of the effective date, an election to participate in the Judicial Pension Plan at a different rate of pre-tax contribution than presently required for those individuals under the State Employees Pension Plan (3% or 5%, depending on start date). Based on this information, the Board of Pension Trustees voted unanimously on December 10, 2024, to delay implementation of Senate Substitute No. 1 for Senate Bill No. 174.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Office Of The Secretary Of The Senate.. Description: This Resolution elects Ryan C. Dunphy to be the Secretary of the Senate of the 153rd General Assembly and appoints Daniel Yngstrom to be the Assistant Secretary of the Senate of the 153rd General Assembly.
In 2025, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Appointing A Committee To Notify The Governor That The Senate Is Organized.. Description: Appointing A Committee To Notify The Governor That The Senate Is Organized.
In 2025, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Appointing A Committee To Notify The House Of Representatives That The Senate Is Organized.. Description: Appointing A Committee To Notify The House Of Representatives That The Senate Is Organized.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Roll Of The Members Of The Senate.. Description: This Resolution establishes the roll of members of the Senate of the 153rd General Assembly.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Rules Of The Delaware State Senate.. Description: This Resolution enacts the Rules of the Senate for the 153rd General Assembly until further action of the Senate.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Election Of The President Pro Tempore.. Description: This Resolution elects David P. Sokola to be the President Pro Tempore of the Senate of the 153rd General Assembly.
In 2025, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing The Importance Of The Nursing Profession And Supporting Nurses Rights In Delaware.. Description: This House Concurrent Resolution recognizes the significant contributions of nurses as frontline healthcare workers, recognizes the importance of basic protections and rights for this profession, and resolves that the rights of nurses are upheld and promoted throughout the state.
In 2025, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Re-establishing The Public Education Funding Commission.. Description: The Public Education Funding Commission was first established under Senate Concurrent Resolution No. 201 of the 152nd General Assembly. This Concurrent Resolution re-establishes the Commission to continue its comprehensive review of public education funding for all students and populations served by district and charter schools, develop a roadmap of recommendations to implement improvements to the public education funding system, and serve as an ongoing body to review the funding annually and recommend updates and changes.
In 2025, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing The Month Of January 2025 As "human Trafficking Awareness Month" In Delaware.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution recognizes January 2025 as Human Trafficking Awareness Month in Delaware.
In 2025, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Designating January 23, 2025, As "maternal Health Awareness Day" In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This House Concurrent Resolution designates January 23, 2025, as "Maternal Health Awareness Day" in the State of Delaware.
In 2025, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Providing For A Joint Session Of The Senate And The House Of Representatives For The Purpose Of Announcing The Vote For Governor And Lieutenant Governor Of The State Of Delaware.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution provides for a Joint Session of the Senate and the House of Representatives to be convened for the purpose of announcing the vote for Governor and Lieutenant Governor of the State of Delaware.
In 2025, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing January 9, 2025, As "law Enforcement Appreciation Day" In Delaware. Description: This Senate Concurrent Resolution recognizes January 9, 2025, as "Law Enforcement Appreciation Day" in the State of Delaware.
In 2025, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Honoring The Life And Work Of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. On The Occasion Of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. Day".. Description: This Senate Concurrent Resolution honors and recognizes the leadership, achievements, and sacrifices of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. and urges all citizens of the First State to participate fittingly in the observance of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. Day on January 20, 2025.
In 2025, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing The Easterseals/cai Volleyball Challenge And The Volleyball Ambassador, Penelope (penny) Pratz In The 20th Year Of Democrat And Republican Team Participation.. Description: This resolution recognizes the Easterseals/CAI Volleyball Challenge occurring March 8 at University of Delaware Carpenter Sports Building, an event that raises funds for an organization providing services and support to Delawareans with disabilities and senior citizens and their families.
In 2025, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Directing All Electric Utilities In Delaware That Offer Net Metering To Solar Customers To Continue To Participate In A Cost-benefit Study And Analysis Of Net Metering,. Description: Senate Joint Resolution No. 3 was passed by the 152nd General Assembly and signed by the Governor. SJR No. 3 directed all electric utilities in Delaware that offer net metering to solar customers to participate in a cost-benefit study and analysis of net metering in Delaware being undertaken by the Delaware Sustainable Energy Utility to address issues such as cost burdens and cost shifting to non-solar customers. The DESEU was to issue a report by December 31, 2024. However, due to the scope and complexity of the net metering study, the DESEU requires additional time to issue the report. This resolution reinstates the requirements of SJR No. 3 and extends the DESEU's reporting deadline to complete the cost-benefit study and analysis and finalize and issue a report to April 30, 2025.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing The Month Of March 2023 As Kidney Month In Delaware.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution recognizes March 2023 as "Kidney Month" in Delaware.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing March 4, 2022 As "delaware Giving Day.". Description: This Senate Concurrent Resolution designates March 4, 2022 as "Delaware Giving Day."
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend The Charter Of The City Of Newark.. Description: This Act amends the municipal Charter of the City of Newark as follows:
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 19 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Delaware Contractor Registration Act.. Description: This Act is a substitute for Senate Bill No. 182. Like Senate Bill No. 182, this act does all of the following:
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Commission On Asian And Pacific Islander Heritage And Culture.. Description: This Act establishes the Delaware Commission on Asian and Pacific Islander Heritage and Culture.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Delaware State Senate Rules Of Procedure For Ethics Violations.. Description: This Resolution enacts the Delaware State Senate Rules of Procedure for Ethics Violations.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing And Celebrating The Chinese New Year 2023.. Description: This Senate Resolution recognizes and celebrates the Chinese New Year 2023.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 20 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Military Judges.. Description: The Delaware National Guard is in need of military judges and wants to use qualified military judges who are retired from the Delaware National Guard.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 9 Of The Delaware Code Relating To County Taxes.. Description: This Act allows a county that imposes a lodging tax to spend money from that tax on workforce and affordable housing programs.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 16 Of The Delaware Code Relating To County Building Codes.. Description: This Act requires new commercial buildings with a foundation footprint of 50,000 square feet or greater to meet certain requirements to ensure that their roof is able to support solar energy infrastructure.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 16 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Marijuana.. Description: This Act removes all penalties for use or possession of a personal use quantity of marijuana and marijuana accessories. It further specifies that the adult sharing of a personal use quantity or less of marijuana is legal activity for those 21 years of age or older and that those 21 or older may possess, use, display, purchase, or transport accessories and personal use quantities of marijuana without penalty. When transporting in a vehicle, those items must be in a closed container or otherwise not readily accessible to anyone inside the vehicle. The statute also specifies certain activities which remain unlawful. Finally, the definition of "personal use quantity" of marijuana is updated to include not only 1 ounce or less of leaf marijuana, but also equivalent amounts of marijuana product in other forms.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Titles 4, 11, 16, And 30 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Creation Of The Delaware Marijuana Control Act.. Description: The Delaware Marijuana Control Act regulates and taxes marijuana for recreational use in much the same manner as alcohol. It creates a framework for production, manufacture, and sale in a legal recreational marijuana industry.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 14 Relating To School Attendance.. Description: According to a recent CDC survey, the COVID pandemic exacerbated an existing mental health crisis for students. One in 5 school aged children has a mental health condition, and 45% of children may have experienced a traumatic event. This bill provides for excused absences for the mental or behavior health of a student and requires that any student taking more than 2 such excused absences will be referred to a behavioral health specialist. This bill provides a supplemental tool to identify students struggling with mental and behavioral health issues and legitimizes these struggles faced by many students. Moreover, this bill makes clear that the mental and behavioral health of students is a priority in this State.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 14 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Mental Health Services For School Trauma.. Description: This Act is Nolans Law. The purpose of this legislation is to provide more behavioral health supports to school districts and charter schools in the aftermath of a school-connected traumatic event, which is defined as the death of any student, educator, administrator, or other building employee of a public school.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 31 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Reimbursement Of School-based Behavioral Health Services.. Description: The States Medicaid Plan still limits the reimbursement of Medicaid-covered, school-based behavioral health services to those provided under an Individualized Educational Program (IEP) or Individualized Family Service Plan (IFSP), despite federal policy changes that allow for these services to be provided as a medical necessity without IEP or IFSP documentation. This bill would charge the Department of Health & Social Services to apply to the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services for a State Plan Amendment that would allow for reimbursement of medically necessary behavioral health services without IEP or IFSP documentation. Local education agencies must use the reimbursed funds to further invest in school-based behavioral health supports.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Statewide Fleet.. Description: This Act requires that all passenger vehicles and light duty vehicles owned and operated by the State be zero emission vehicles by 2040 by requiring increasing volumes of zero emission vehicles every few years.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Delaware Electric School Bus Program.. Description: This Act establishes targets for annual purchase of electric school buses through fiscal year 2030, and requires the Department of Education to submit an annual implementation report through 2029 as well as a comprehensive report in 2030 detailing future recommendations for electric vehicle purchases and other measures to reduce the carbon and environmental impact of the States school transportation fleet.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Electric Vehicles.. Description: This Act creates an Electric Vehicle Rebate Program to incentivize the purchase and lease of new and used electric vehicles by Delaware residents. All-electric vehicles shall receive a rebate of no more than $2,500 and hybrid vehicles shall receive a rebate of no more than $1,000. The Department of Natural Resources and Environmental Control shall develop standards, forms, and procedures necessary to implement this program.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Electric Vehicles.. Description: This Act requires the Director of the Sustainable Energy Utility to administer a program to provide financial assistance to Delaware residents for the cost of purchase and installation of electric vehicle supply equipment. For a low-income applicant (meaning up to 300% of the federal poverty level for household income), financial assistance covering up to 90% of the purchase and installation costs may be covered. For all other applicants the program may offer assistance to cover up to 50% of the costs.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 7 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Trotline Licenses.. Description: This Act creates a new license for the use of trotlines in commercial crabbing. This Act prohibits a person from possessing a commercial crab pot license and trotline license at the same time.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 18 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Ovarian Cancer.. Description: This Act requires all individual, blanket, and group health insurance policies to cover annual ovarian cancer screening tests for women at risk for ovarian cancer. It further expands the scope of monitoring tests available to women subsequent to ovarian cancer treatment.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Titles 29 And 31 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Ovarian Cancer.. Description: This Act requires that Medicaid and State employee health plans cover: (1) ovarian cancer monitoring tests for women treated for ovarian cancer; and (2) annual screening tests for women at risk for ovarian cancer.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Merit System Of Personnel Administration.. Description: This bill amends the Merit System of Personnel Administration by allowing for preference in hiring for casual seasonal employees who are performing the same job duties of a posted merit position.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 21 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Special License Plates.. Description: This Act creates a background special license plate for the United Way of Delaware Pride Council.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 14 And Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Administration Of Higher Education Financial Assistance Programs For Students Who Experienced Foster Care.. Description: This Act does the following:
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 30 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Charitable Donations And Income Tax Returns.. Description: This Act creates a new charitable donation option on the Delaware income tax return. It allows taxpayers to direct a donation to the SL24: Unlocke the Light Foundation out of their state tax refund or in addition to the payment of owed tax. The Foundation works to educate the community to end the stigma, myths, and barriers surrounding mental health and to encourage productive conversations regarding mental health and wellness; provide uninsured and underinsured young people the means to get the critical and ongoing health services they need through the SL24 Mental Health Scholarship program; and provide access to trained Peer24 Team Members, Support Groups, and safe spaces like Seans House and Seans Rooms;
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Declare The 2022 Delaware Relief Rebates As Qualified Disaster Payments.. Description: This legislation establishes that a relief rebate issued under the 2022 Delaware Relief Rebate Program during the period that the federal major disaster declaration exists for the State of Delaware is intended to be a qualified disaster relief payment under § 139 of the Internal Revenue Code. It further provides that the State makes no representations or warranties to recipients regarding the 2022 Delaware Relief Rebate Program and that civil actions of any nature and claims for any form of economic entitlement including but not limited to damages are prohibited with respect to this legislation. This legislation is effective as of the date on which the 2022 Delaware Relief Rebate Program was enacted.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To State Employee Leave.. Description: This Act provides state employees 30, rather than 15, days of paid leave per year to attend training camp or serve special duty as ordered by the military reserves or Delaware National Guard.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 21 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Special License Plates.. Description: This bill creates a special license plate for Whitetails Unlimited.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 23 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Boat Licensing Agents.. Description: This Act raises the permissible service charge for a boat registration from $5 to $10 and the permissible service charge for a boat ramp certificate from $1.50 to $5.00.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 14 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Funding For Prekindergarten Special Education.. Description: This Act increases funding for preschool children with disabilities who are not counted in either "intensive" or "complex" special education units by revising the current ratio of 12.8 students per unit to 8.4 students per unit for preschool children included in the basic unit count. This is the same ratio in effect as of July 1, 2023, for K-3 basic special education. The Act also consolidates the K-3 Basic Special Education Unit with the 4-12 Basic Special Education Unit as the ratio is the same for each group as of July 1, 2023.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 14 Of The Delaware Code Relating To School Boards.. Description: House Bill No. 34 requires school boards, including charter schools, to permit public comment on each agenda item presented for a vote at a school board meeting. The public comment period must take place before the school board vote on an agenda item. The school board may reasonably restrict the time, place, and manner of the public comment period.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 7 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Motor Vehicle Noise.. Description: This Act charges the Department of Safety & Homeland Security, in cooperation with the Department of Natural Resources and Environmental Control and the Department of Transportation, to present a report and plan to the General Assembly no later than October 1, 2023 for a comprehensive motor vehicle noise and abatement program. The agencies are charged with considering developments in technology, other state and federal standards, and proposing changes as necessary to Delaware law and recommendations for changes in equipment and procedures.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend The Town Charter Of The Town Of Magnolia.. Description: This Act amends the Charter of the Town of Magnolia to update and clarify the authority of the Town to borrow money. Specifically, this Act increases the short-term borrowing limit from $15,000 to $50,000, which borrowings are to be authorized by a majority vote of the Town Council. This Act establishes procedures for the Town Council to borrow up to 15% of the assessed value of real property in the Town pursuant to a super-majority vote of the Town Council following a public hearing on the borrowing. The Towns long-term debt limit pursuant to the favorable vote of the qualified voters is being increased from 15% to 25% of the total assessed value of real property in the Town. This Act clarifies that the owner of more than one lot in an unfinished subdivision may only vote once in a borrowing referendum. This Act makes various miscellaneous changes to internal references to establish consistency with the changes made herein.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Grants-in-aid.. Description: This bill creates the Grants-In-Aid Committee. The Committee is a joint committee of the Senate and House of Representatives. The purpose of the Committee is to view applications for grants-in-aid and to develop and recommend to the Joint Finance Committee the grants-in-aid appropriations bill.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 14 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Developmental Screening.. Description: This Act amends Chapter 30A of Title 14 to clarify that screening will not be conducted if a parent declines developmental screening or notifies the licensee that the child is already receiving early intervention services or special education and related services. It further clarifies that the child care provider will conduct the screening where the parent or guardian fails to do so only upon receipt of parental consent.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 18 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Credit For Reinsurance.. Description: This bill reflects the National Association of Insurance Commissioners revisions to the Model Credit for Reinsurance Act giving the Commissioner express regulatory authority to address the handling and treatment of reinsurance agreements entered into, directly or indirectly, with life and health insurer-affiliated captives, special purpose vehicles or similar entities, including the authority to promulgate model regulations adopted by the NAIC that are required for the Department to meet accreditation.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 18 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Authorization Of Insurers And General Requirements.. Description: Delawares capital and surplus requirements for insurers have been in place for over fifty years and are currently among the lowest in the country. This bill increases the minimum amount of capital stock and free surplus an insurer must possess and maintain in order to transact business in the State of Delaware, making them more in line with other jurisdictions.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 18 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Record Retention Requirements.. Description: This bill expands record retention requirements for licensed producers, adjusters and appraisers from 3 to 5 years. The bill also makes technical changes to conform to the Legislative Drafting Manual.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 19 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Unemployment Benefits And Employer Assessments.. Description: This Act provides post-pandemic related relief to both claimants receiving unemployment benefits and employers who are assessed unemployment taxes. This bill will increase the maximum weekly benefit amount payable to claimants seeking unemployment compensation benefits from the Delaware Department of Labor, Division of Unemployment Insurance from $400.00 a week to $450.00 a week. The funds necessary to pay the increased weekly benefit amounts will be paid from the Unemployment Trust Fund. Delaware currently pays unemployment claimants less per week in benefits than claimants are paid in each neighboring state. The maximum weekly benefit amount has not changed since 2019.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 21 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Inspection Of Fleet Vehicles.. Description: This bill allows the fleet inspection program to be applicable to a fleet of 10 or more vehicles (instead of 15) and counts trailers requiring inspection to count as fleet vehicles.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 11 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Adult Correction Healthcare Review Committee.. Description: This bill adds a Delaware licensed psychiatrist as a voting member of the Adult Correction Healthcare Review Committee.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The State Department Of Justice.. Description: This bill removes the requirement that a head or assistant head of any Division of the State Department of Justice or the Chief Prosecutor of a particular county be a resident of the State of Delaware.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 18, Title 29, And Title 31 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Insurance Coverage Of Epinephrine Autoinjectors.. Description: Currently, all health insurance plans subject to requirements under Delaware law must include at least 1 formulation of epinephrine autoinjectors on the lowest tier of the carrier's drug formulary for individuals who are 18 years of age or younger. This Act expands this requirement to all covered individuals, regardless of age, by January 1, 2024.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 21 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Speed Exhibitions, Drag Racing, And Other Speed Contests.. Description: During the 151st General Assembly, House Bill No. 328 was passed updating the law relating to drag racing and other speed contests. This bill makes a small change to that law by specifying that tag-surrender in lieu of impoundment is available as a penalty only for Delaware-registered vehicles.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend The Newark City Charter Relating To The Citys Ability To Borrow Money And Incur Indebtedness.. Description: This Act amends the City of Newark Charter. Specifically, this Act increases the amount the City can borrow for municipal improvements that are directly assessed against adjoining owners of property from $500,000 to $1,000,000. This Act also exempts any short or long-term debt incurred from receipt of government revolving loan funds from the special referendum requirements set forth in the City Charter. This would allow Council to approve such borrowing directly and would eliminate the cost and time associated with holding a referendum.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Titles 18, 29, And 31 Relating To Breast Cancer Screening And Diagnostic Procedures.. Description: To prevent Delawareans from facing exorbitant costs for potentially life-saving screenings and follow-up tests, and to allow providers to use clinical judgement in the use of breast cancer examination tools based on established national standards, this Act requires that all insurance policies issued or renewed in this State include coverage of supplemental and diagnostic breast examinations on terms that are at least as favorable as the coverage of annual screening mammograms. The Act covers all group, blanket, and individual health insurance policies (except specified accident, specified disease, hospital indemnity, Medicare supplement, long-term care or other limited benefit health insurance policies) as well as the State employee healthcare plan and Medicaid.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 25 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Delaware Manufactured Home Relocation Authority.. Description: The Delaware Manufactured Home Relocation Authority administers the Delaware Manufactured Home Relocation Trust Fund. This Act provides members of the board of directors of the Delaware Manufactured Home Relocation Authority with $100 in compensation for each Board meeting a member attends. This compensation may only be paid from money appropriated by the General Assembly for this purpose.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 9 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Assessment Of Real Property.. Description: This Act requires that each county reassess the value of real property in the county at least once every 5 years. The first 5-year period starts when the reassessment currently being conducted by each county is completed.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Employment Of Pensioners.. Description: This bill allows pensioners to earn $50,000 (instead of $40,000) before incurring a $1.00 deduction to their state pension for every $2.00 earned over that amount.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Bereavement Leave.. Description: According to the Mayo Clinic, miscarriages occur in about 20% of all pregnancies, and generally, in the first 12 weeks. According to the Centers for Disease Control, 1 out of every 100 American pregnancies ends in stillbirth. Black women have a significantly higher risk of miscarrying 43% higher when compared to white women. Black mothers are also more than twice as likely to experience stillbirth compared to Hispanic and white mothers.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 14 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Delaware Public Education Profiles.. Description: House Bill No. 66 adds required information to annual reports issued by the Department of Education (Department), currently known as School Performance Data Reports, and which are available on the Departments website as the Delaware Report Card.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 11 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Delaware Police Training Program.. Description: This Act clarifies former HB 148 from the 151st General Assembly by defining the start and end date of the 4 year lookback period that determines if a municipality, governmental unit, the University of Delaware, or Delaware State University is subject to reimbursement for an employees training expenses when the employee is hired by another municipality, governmental unit, the University of Delaware, or Delaware State University.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 4 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Beer Gardens.. Description: This Act eliminates the requirement of a daily average of no less than 25 full time employees to operate a beer garden. Beer gardens are presently the only liquor establishments that have a statutory staffing requirement. This Act also includes beer gardens along with taprooms and taverns as establishments the Commissioner may deny a license if an existing same establishment is within 1200 feet, by accessible public road in an incorporated city or town, or 9/10 of a mile in an unincorporated or rural area.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 11 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Death Penalty.. Description: This Act eliminates the death penalty in Delaware. As such, the penalty for a person who is convicted of first-degree murder for an offense that was committed after the persons 18th birthday is imprisonment for the remainder of the persons natural life without benefit of probation or parole or any other reduction.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 16 Relating To The Lyme Disease Education Oversight Board.. Description: This bill clarifies that the goal and function of the Lyme Disease Education Oversight Board includes Lyme Disease and other tick-related diseases. This Act supersedes the previous sunset provision that established the Board in House Bill 291 from the 148th General Assembly (80 Del. Laws c. 402 § 1) and extends the Boards existence until 2032 unless otherwise provided by a subsequent act of the General Assembly.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 9 Of The Delaware Code Relating To County Bidding Thresholds.. Description: This bill raises the public bidding thresholds for procurement of goods, contractual services, professional services and public works contracts by county governments to match the bidding thresholds set forth by the State of Delawares Contracting and Purchasing Advisory Council or otherwise set forth by state law. Section 1 of this bill addresses the bidding thresholds set forth in 9 Del C. § 314. First, this bill removes subsection f, which exempted Kent County from subsection a, which will now apply to all counties. Second, this bill grants Sussex County the same power and authority with respect to sole source procurement, emergency needs, contract performance, multiple source contracting as granted to the State under Chapter 69 of Title 29, an authority already granted to the government of New Castle County and Kent County. Finally, this bill grants Sussex County the same power and authority as Kent County and New Castle County to grant contracts without requesting competitive bids and without awarding such contract to the lowest bidder when such contracts are for engineering, legal or other professional services requiring special skills or training. Section 2 of this bill modifies the procedure by which the Financial Officer of Sussex County may award public contracts and aligns it with the procurement procedure set forth in Section 1 of this bill.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 19 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Civil Actions To Recover Overpaid Unemployment Benefits.. Description: This House Substitute No. 1 for House Bill 73 provides a 5-year statute of limitations for the Department of Labor to bring civil actions to recover nonfraud overpayment debts and no period of limitations to recover fraud overpayment debts. This portion of the Substitute will apply to overpayment debts for which the statute of limitations has not yet run, which includes those that accrued less than 3 years prior to the enactment of this Act. This Substitute expressly codifies the current law that there is no deadline for the Department to collect overpayment debts by offset of future benefits, by state Department of Revenue offset or by federal Treasury offset of tax refunds, the last of which is mandated by federal law. Finally, this Substitute creates an overpayment waiver program, effective retroactively to the start of the COVID-19 pandemic, to give the Department authority to waive non-fraud overpayments of traditional unemployment benefits resulting from either Department error or claimants receiving certain low-income public assistance.
In 2023, Delaware enrolled a bill titled: An Act Concurring In A Proposed Amendment To § 3, Article Ii Of The Delaware Constitution Relating To The Residency Of The Members Of The General Assembly.. Description: This Act is the second leg of a constitutional amendment to the Delaware Constitution that would require legislators to remain domiciled in the districts they represent for the entirety of their term of office. The first leg of this constitutional amendment was House Bill No. 395 of the 151st General Assembly, published in Chapter 362 of Volume 83 of the Laws of Delaware. On passage of this second leg by this General Assembly this amendment will become part of the Delaware Constitution.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 21 And Title 24 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Catalytic Converters.. Description: This Act updates the definition of a catalytic converter and limits the purchase or sale of a catalytic converter to a licensed automotive recycler or licensed scrap metal processor, and their respective employees and agents. The Act prohibits minors from selling catalytic converters. The Act specifies the amount of time the catalytic converter must be held before sale as well as what contact information must be obtained from the purchaser and seller as well as identification information on the catalytic converter and requires the information be maintained for 1 year. The Act places a 48 hour hold on payments and limits payment form to checks and limits the time of day and location for the sale of a catalytic converter. The Act requires the licensed sellers to make the purchasers and sellers contact information available to the police. This Act makes a catalytic converter, in violation of this chapter, considered contraband and, possession thereof, subject to seizure and forfeiture. This Act is for the purpose of regulating the purchase and sale of catalytic converters and for the purpose of assisting law enforcement in response to the high level of catalytic converter theft that has occurred in Delaware. This Act also makes technical changes to conform existing law to the standards of the Delaware Legislative Drafting Manual.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 31 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Coverage Of Doula Services.. Description: This Act requires that doula services be covered by Medicaid in Delaware by January 1, 2024. It follows up on HB 343 from the 151st General Assembly which required the Division of Medicaid and Medical Assistance to submit a plan for implementing this coverage, and draws on that completed report.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 14 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Charter School Student Transportation.. Description: This Act makes clear that a school district may deny a request from a charter school to have the school district where the charter school is located to transport students residing in that district. If the school district denies the request, the charter school is to receive the payment provided by the State under existing law.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 15 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Communication Of Election Information.. Description: This Act requires the Department of Elections to biennially mail a notice to all registered voters informing the registrant of their polling place and containing the following additional information: a brief description of all available methods of voting; the dates and times on which the general and any primary election will be held; deadlines for voter registration for each election and for party changes before a primary; and a brief outline of procedures and requirements and polling places and early voting sites. If the notice is returned as undeliverable the Department is directed to follow a procedure already set forth in Code for attempting to update and verify voting registration records. The notice is to be mailed not later than 30 days before the state primary election.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 14 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Oral Health Screenings.. Description: This Act requires every public school and charter school to provide students enrolled in kindergarten with an oral health screening by the last student attendance day of each school year. Notification to the parent or guardian must be done and a copy of the oral health screening results sent home. A referral to a dentist, if required, will be provided by the Bureau of Oral Health and Dental Services. The Division of Public Health (DPH), through the Delaware Smile Check Program, offers school-based oral screenings, at no cost to the school districts, schools, including charter schools, or the students. This Substitute Bill takes out the requirement to advise teachers of the results of the oral health screenings, including Special Education Coordinators and Educational Diagnosticians of students with an IEP. This Substitute Bill also removes any follow-up requirements, by the school, with the students parent or guardian. The Substitute Bill also makes the school requirements, under this Act, contingent on the Delaware Smile Check Program remaining in effect or a comparable program to provide free oral health screenings to all enrolled kindergarten students. This Act takes effect for the 2024-2025 school year.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 21 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Special License Plates.. Description: This Act creates a special license plate for retired state legislators. This Act shall be known as "The Senator Margaret Rose Henry Act".
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Titles 13 And 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Representation Of Indigent Persons In Civil Proceedings.. Description: This Act establishes a right to counsel for indigent parents in DSCYF custody proceedings. Parent representation will primarily be provided by a legal services entity contracted with the Family Court, but may also be provided by the Office of Defense Services or a private attorney appointed by the Court.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 3 Of The Delaware Code Relating To A Delaware Agricultural Production Insurance Assistance Program.. Description: This Act establishes the Delaware Agricultural Production Assistance Program. The Program will provide a subsidy of up to 30% of the premium for eligible producers multi-peril crop insurance premium, or whole farm revenue protection premium up to a maximum of $10.00 per acre. The subsidy would be directly paid by the Delaware Department of Agriculture to the Federal Crop Insurance Corporation on behalf of Delaware eligible producers. The Department would administer the Program. The Act requires the Department to provide an annual Report to the Chairs of the House and Senate Agriculture Committees.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 14 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Candidacy For School Board Member.. Description: Under Senate Substitute No. 2 for Senate Bill No. 78 (151st), the Commissioner of Elections (Commissioner) must determine that an individual does not have any disqualifying convictions before the individual can be a candidate for election to a school board. This Act clarifies that an individual who meets the filing deadline for candidates for a school board election are provisional candidates until the Commissioner determines if the individual is eligible to be a candidate and requires the Commissioner to disclose the names of provisional candidates.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 30 Of The Delaware Code And Chapter 118 Of Volume 83 Of The Laws Of Delaware Relating To Personal Income Taxes.. Description: Section 1 of this Act increases the standard deduction for personal income tax purposes of resident individuals and spouses of this State for tax years beginning after December 31, 2023. Section 3 of this Act increases the monetary filing thresholds resulting from the increases the standard deduction under Section 1.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 11 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Offenses Involving Property.. Description: This Act creates a new offense of Aggravated Criminal Mischief with enhanced penalties (class D felony) applicable when an individual knowingly damages or tampers with critical utility infrastructure intending to disrupt utility services. In recent years, the U.S. Department of Homeland Security (DHS) and the FBI have issued repeated warnings about domestic terrorists and extremist groups targeting critical utility infrastructure. Bulletins issued through DHS National Terrorism Advisory System in 2022 warned of a heightened threat environment based, in part, on continued calls for violence directed at U.S. critical infrastructure. Physical and computerized attacks on electric utility equipment have reached a 10-year high in 2022. Recent attacks in Washington and North Carolina have caused substantial outages and damage to the power grids in both states.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 21 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Rules Of The Road.. Description: This Act requires drivers to change lanes or reduce their speed while approaching a stationary vehicle displaying warning signals, including vehicle hazard warning lights, road flares, traffic cones, cautions signs, or any non-vehicular warning signs.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 21 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Use Of Electronic Speed Enforcement Devices.. Description: The expectation for speed enforcement, under Delaware's Motor Vehicle statute, are Delaware's law enforcement agencies. It is not always possible for law enforcement officers to effectively enforce the speed limitations due to a number of factors, including, but not limited to, officer availability and safety. The original Act enabled the State, as well as counties and municipalities to more effectively enforce speed limits on roads in a residential district in which a Department of Transportation study, no more than 1 year old, documents that the 85th percentile speed on the road is 5 miles per hour or more than the posted speed limit or the road is in a designated work zone. For a violation to occur a motor vehicle must exceed the posted speed limit by 11 miles per hour or more. This Act would impose only civil penalties for violations and does not impose points on the owner or operators drivers license. Jurisdiction for adjudicating alleged violations would be in the Justice of the Peace Court and there would only be a right of appeal to the Court of Common Pleas if the penalty exceeds $100. Any excess revenue not used for administration of the system, will be managed by the Office of Highway Safety and used only for purposes of education, enforcement, engineering and administration. This Act will sunset in 5 years if not extended by a subsequent act by the General Assembly.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 13 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Companion Animals In The Disposition Of Marital Property.. Description: This Act requires Family Court to award possession and provide for the care of companion animals when dividing marital property after considering the well-being of the companion animal.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Titles 7 And 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Notice Requirements For Dnrec Permits.. Description: This Act creates certain uniform, minimum requirements for public notice related to permits and permit renewals issued by the Department of Natural Resources and Environmental Control. In particular, the notice must include instructions for electronic submission of public comment or request for hearing, the permit application to which the notice applies must be available electronically and a link to a page where the application may be accessed electronically shall be provided in the text of the notice, a copy of the notice shall be posted on the Department's website in addition to whatever other means of delivery is required for the notice, and elected officials whose district includes the location of the permitted activity must be individually notified by e-mail. Where the application materials are too voluminous to post online the Department may provide instructions for alternative access.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Titles 7 And 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Climate Change.. Description: This Act, known as the Delaware Climate Change Solutions Act of 2023, follows the issuance of Delawares Climate Action Plan in 2021, and establishes a statutory target of greenhouse gas emissions reductions over the medium and long term to mitigate the adverse effects of climate change due to anthropogenic greenhouse gas emissions on the State. The Act establishes a process of regular updates to the Climate Action Plan to serve as the framework to achieve the targeted emissions reductions and develop resilience strategies for the State, creates Climate Change Officers in certain Key Cabinet-Level Departments who will assist DNREC in the ongoing implementation of the Climate Action Plan, requires State agencies to consider climate change in decision-making, rulemaking, and procurement, and requires an Implementation Report every 2 years on the progress of the State towards meeting the statutory targets.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 21 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Special License Plates.. Description: This substitute bill, which makes only technical changes to the original bill, creates a special license plate for the Delaware State Police which will be displayed on the active fleet at the discretion of the Superintendent of the State Police for the 100th Anniversary of the Division.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 17 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Entrance Permits.. Description: This Act expedites the issuance of a temporary entrance permit for commercial and economic development projects. The Act also makes technical changes to conform existing law to the standards of the Delaware Legislative Drafting Manual.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Land Use Planning.. Description: The states pre-application process for land use process, known as PLUS, was created 20 years ago and has served to increase coordination among state and local agencies. In doing so, it has fulfilled its intent of providing predictability and consistency for the development community, especially in the area of major projects. Given that success, this bill assists in expediting the process for economic development projects in the State of Delaware with some exemptions from the PLUS process. A project located in Investment Level 1 or 2 under the Strategies for State Policies and Spending that is consistent with local zoning and any local comprehensive plan that will create full-time jobs is exempt from the pre-application process unless required by the local government or requested by the applicant.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 24 Relating To The Medical Practices Act.. Description: This Act requires physicians who are discontinuing business, leaving the State, or terminating a patient-physician relationship for any other reason to notify affected patients at least thirty days prior to the discontinuation of services via first class mail and an electronic message if electronic communication is available. It removes the requirement that physicians ending a patient-physician relationship publish a notice in a newspaper of daily circulation.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Designating April 22nd, 2024 As Earth Day In The State Of Delaware. Description: This concurrent resolution designates April 22nd, 2024 as Earth Day in the State of Delaware.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 21 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Motorcycle Rider Education Advisory Committee.. Description: This Act codifies the Motorcycle Rider Education Advisory Committee (Committee). The Committee must meet at least quarterly to monitor the Motorcycle Rider Education Program and assess the future needs of and recommend improvements to the Program.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend The Charter Of The City Of Seaford Relating To The City's Ability To Borrow Money And Issue Bonds.. Description: This bill authorizes the City of Seaford to incur short or long-term debt for state or federal revolving loan funds for critical water, sewer, stormwater, or wastewater treatment facilities or projects from state or federal revolving loan funds without having to meet special election requirements otherwise required by the charter for incurring such debt.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 21 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Rules Of The Road.. Description: Frequently, driver license applicants over the age of 18 require more than six (6) months practice time behind the wheel and to prepare for the skills exam. By providing the permit for a total of one (1) year, it will eliminate the need to request the extension and decreases the risk of them having to retake the knowledge exam if they do not request the extension prior to the six (6) months expiration of their permit, thus eliminating the need to start the process over. The limited window of one extension after the 6-month period is a frequent complaint from customers.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Titles 18, 29, And 31 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Insurance Coverage For Termination Of Pregnancy.. Description: Section 1 amends Title 31 to require all health benefit plans delivered or issued for Medicaid to cover services related to the termination of pregnancy. Coverage provided under this section is not subject to any deductible, coinsurance, copayment, or any other cost-sharing requirement and must cover the full scope of services permissible under the law. It also moves the definition of carrier out of individual provisions and into the general definition section for the chapter.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 21 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Registration Of Vehicles.. Description: This Act increases the length of time for a valid temporary tag from 60 days to 90 days. This Act also adds a new provision requiring temporary tags be issued through a temporary tag system, approved by the Division of Motor Vehicles, to further reduce fraud in the issuance of temporary tags, unless the Division of Motor Vehicles determines the temporary tag issuer must continue using temporary registration plates.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 19 Of The Delaware Code Related To Unemployment Insurance.. Description: This Act amends the renewal period for obtaining background checks for employees of the Department of Labor who have access to Federal Tax Information. This amendment is necessary to conform to revisions of the federal Internal Revenue Service in Publication 1075, which shortened the renewal period from 10 to 5 years. The language is intended to allow conformity with this and any future revisions to the renewal period.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Titles 16 And 25 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Recovery Housing.. Description: Substance use disorder constitutes a severe threat to the health and welfare of the citizens of Delaware. Recovery residences address the needs of individuals in recovery from substance use disorder by providing a safe and healthy living environment and a community of supportive recovering peers to which residents are accountable. Recovery residences support the recovery of individuals with substance use disorder and help prevent relapse, criminal justice system involvement, and overdose. Ensuring the certification of recovery residences according to nationally recognized evidence-based standards protects residents and communities from the harm caused by poorly managed or fraudulent recovery residences.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 9 And Title 25 Of The Delaware Code Relating To County Fire Protection Fees.. Description: This Act provides each county with the ability to impose, by duly enacted ordinance, a fire protection fee (fee). A county that enacts this fee must do all of the following:
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 14 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Advanced Placement Examinations.. Description: This Act requires public institutions of higher learning to grant credit for advanced placement examination scores of 3 or higher. An instution may require a score higher than 3 if the credit is to be used for meeting a course requirement for a particular major or program, provided that the student can receive course credit for that examination in an area outside of the students major or program area. The institution must publish its advance placement score policies on its website.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 24 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Professions And Occupations.. Description: This bill makes changes to the qualifications for professional land surveyors. This bill also makes clear that there is no civil or criminal trespass when a professional land surveyor enters upon land in the course of preparing a survey.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 16 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Prohibition Of Smoking In Vehicles When A Minor Is In The Vehicle.. Description: Due to continuing concerns over the negative health effects secondhand smoke will have on the youth of Delaware, this bill adds Smoking Restrictions within vehicles if a person under the age of eighteen (18) is in the vehicle. Also, it makes clear that a police officer will not stop or detain a car solely on suspicion of having violated this Statute.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 21 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Rules Of The Road.. Description: Delaware is one of five states that does not have an open container law, which is in direct violation of federal regulations. This Bill bans open containers of alcoholic beverages in motor vehicles and provides a civil penalty for an offense. A violation of this section would not be entered on an individuals driving record.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 21 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Rules Of The Road.. Description: Speeding is a contributing factor in many serious injury motor vehicle crashes and roadway fatalities. This Act adds operating a motor vehicle at a speed of 90 miles an hour or more to the definition of reckless driving.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 3 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Nutrient Management.. Description: This Act updates and streamlines the State Nutrient Management Program within the Department of Agriculture. It expands and clarifies information required to be included in the Nutrient Management Plan, including, among other things:
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 7 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Department Of Natural Resources And Environmental Control.. Description: This act would require the Department of Natural Resources and Environmental Control to obtain the consent of the General Assembly before promulgating any regulations restricting the sale of fuel-powered cars, trucks, and SUVs in Delaware. This Act does not change the emission standards fuel-powered vehicles must currently meet. The provisions of this bill would be retroactive to March 1, 2023.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 7 And Title 16 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Noise Control And Enforcement Of Laws For Protection And Control Of Animals And Barking Dogs.. Description: This Act eliminates animal noise and noise disturbances from the Noise Control and Abatement Chapter in Title 7. This Act clarifies the authority of the Office of Animal Welfare and Department of Agriculture to enforce all state laws relating to the protection and control of animals with, as occasion requires, the assistance of police officers. This Act also adds restrictions concerning barking dogs with other provisions concerning dogs currently being enforced by the Office of Animal Welfare. This Act does not prohibit municipalities from enforcing their own dog laws or ordinances if they have their own enforcement agency. This Act clarifies that police officers shall assist the Office of Animal Welfare, as occasion requires, with the enforcement of all State and local dog control laws.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 14 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Free School Meals.. Description: This House Substitute bill eliminates any reference to § 4137 in Title 11 since it will remain as a separate section in the Delaware Code. This House Substitute requires all public schools to offer only students who qualify for a reduced-price meal, under the federal School Breakfast Program and National School Lunch Program, a free breakfast and lunch every school day. This House Substitute also eliminates a requirement that all schools and local education agencies, who qualify, must participate in the federal Community Eligibility Provision, under 42 U.S.C. §1759a (a)(1)(F) since there is no such federal mandate. This Act also removes the requirement that a parent or guardian for each student complete a household income form since that requirement is already set forth in this title. This Substitute bill also removes the delayed effective date. This Act will take effect beginning the school year following its enactment.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Clean Water For Delaware Act.. Description: This Act clarifies to whom the annual report must be sent and the date that the report must be submitted.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 24 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Delaware Association Of Professional Engineers.. Description: This Act modifies Section 2803 to add definitions for negligence, misconduct and incompetence. These new definitions will provide greater clarity and guidance for the Council of the Delaware Association of Professional Engineers in determining whether a licensee is subject to discipline. Section 2817(a)(7) has been amended by striking the requirement that an applicant who fails the Principles and Practice of Engineering examination four times must go through additional steps before taking the examination another time. Eliminating this requirement will remove unnecessary barriers to licensure. Further, Section 2823 has been amended to add negligence and pattern of negligence as grounds for discipline. These changes will ensure that discipline is imposed for conduct that poses a risk to the public. This Act adds a definition for successor professional engineer and a new Section 2832 to delineate the acceptable parameters for a successor engineers reuse or adoption of work performed by another engineer. These revisions will both inform licensees of the permissible use of another engineers work and ensure that the recipient of services can identify the responsible engineer.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Deferred Compensation For Public Officers And Employees Of The State.. Description: There are thousands of casual/seasonal employees, who work for the State of Delaware. These hard-working individuals make up a critical part of the state government workforce and play a significant role in keeping our state running and delivering services to the people of Delaware. Since these individuals are not eligible for the state pension plan, many of them are eager to participate in a retirement savings plan so that they can save, invest, and build wealth for a secure and comfortable retirement. Currently, these individuals are not permitted to participate in the states 457(b) plan. This bill allows casual/seasonal employees the opportunity to participate in the 457(b) plan.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 25 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Conveyance Of Real Estate Between Spouses.. Description: This Act resolves ambiguities in the current law and confirms the ability of a spouse who owns real property as tenant by the entirety, acting alone, to convey that spouses interest in such real property to both spouses, as tenants by the entirety or otherwise, or to the other spouse.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 10, Title 12, Title 13, And Title 18 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Decedents Estates And Fiduciary Relations.. Description: Section 1 of this Act amends § 6504 of Title 10 to correct two erroneous cross-references (the cross-references will now correctly reference Title 12 rather than Title 10 of the Delaware Code).
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Titles 9, 10, 15, 16 And 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Division Of Forensic Science And The Medical Examiner.. Description: This is a housekeeping bill to remove outdated references to the term coroner in the Delaware Code. Created in 1682, the Office of the Coroner was one of the earliest elective offices in Delaware. The primary responsibility of the coroner was to investigate all cases in which a person died while in prison, was killed, died an unnatural death, or the circumstances of the death were unknown. It was also the duty of the coroner to arrest a person believed to have committed murder or manslaughter and to perform the duties of the sheriff when the sheriff was unavailable. The Office of the Coroner was abolished in 1969 and the responsibility for determining the cause of death is now the responsibility of the Medical Examiner. Today, it is outside the Medical Examiners scope of employment to perform many of the job duties that coroners were historically expected to do, and this bill clarifies that Medical Examiners are only responsible for investigating causes of death throughout the State under the provisions of Chapter 47 of Title 29, relating to forensic science.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 10 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Supreme Court.. Description: This bill requires that of the five Justices appointed to the Supreme Court, at least one is a resident of Kent County, at least one is a resident of Sussex County and at least two are residents of New Castle County.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 14 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Pupil And Student Identification Cards.. Description: This Act corrects the Delaware crisis text number and the National Suicide Prevention call or text line that is required to be printed on pupil identification cards for all public schools serving pupils in grades 7 to 12 and for all students attending public institutions of higher learning in Delaware. This Act takes effect for the 2023-2024 school year.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 14 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Teacher Apprenticeships.. Description: This Act establishes a Delaware Educator Apprenticeship Program to be developed by the Department of Education. The Department of Education will work with the Department of Labor to create a program that places aspiring teachers in paid positions in schools, while the teacher candidates complete the training and schooling necessary to become a Delaware credentialed teacher. This program will complement the Grow Your Own Educator Program and teacher residency programs to create a low-cost pathway for aspiring teachers to earn their teaching credentials and will address the educator shortage in Delaware.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend The Charter Of The Town Of Townsend.. Description: This Act amends the Charter of the Town of Townsend in the following ways:
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Titles 11 And 15 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Criminal History Background Checks For Candidates For State And County Public Office.. Description: This Act requires all candidates for statewide office, the General Assembly, and all elected county offices, to request a criminal history background check, no later than the filing deadline, from the State Bureau of Identification. The State Bureau of Identification must, within 10 days of receipt of the request, provide the Commissioner of Elections with a report of the candidates criminal history or a statement that the Bureaus Repository contains no information relating to the candidate. The Commissioner of Elections must then determine if the candidate is qualified under Section 21 of Article II of the Delaware Constitution to be considered a candidate and have their name appear on the ballot. The candidate will be considered a provisional candidate until the Commissioner of Elections determines the candidate is qualified. The information obtained by the Commissioner of Elections, from the Bureau, will not fall under the definition of public record in Chapter 100 of Title 29. The candidate must pay the cost of the criminal history background check, but the cost may be reimbursed from the candidates campaign funds as an authorized campaign expenditure. This Act will take effect January 1 after enactment.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 11 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Crimes And Criminal Procedure. Description: This bill precludes the so-called LGBTQ+ "panic" defense that seeks to partially or completely excuse or justify a defendant from full accountability for the commission of a crime on the grounds that the actual or perceived sexual orientation, sex, gender, gender identity, or sex assigned at birth of the victim is sufficient to explain, excuse, or justify the defendant's conduct, or contributes to or causes the defendant's mental state, or that the defendants reaction thereto constitutes a mental illness, mental defect, or mental disorder sufficient to excuse or justify the defendant's conduct (including under circumstances in which the victim made a nonviolent romantic or sexual advance toward the defendant or in which the defendant and the victim dated or had a romantic or sexual relationship). Sections 1 and 3 of this bill move the definitions for gender identity and sexual orientation currently in the hate crimes statute to the general definitions section of the Criminal Code to maintain standard definitions of these terms throughout the Criminal Code. Section 2 of this bill provides that in any prosecution or sentencing for an offense: (i) a defendant is not justified in using force against another based on the discovery of, knowledge or belief about, or the potential or actual disclosure of the victims actual or perceived sexual orientation, sex, gender, gender identity, or sex assigned at birth; (ii) for the purposes of determining whether there is a reasonable explanation or excuse for the existence of extreme emotional disturbance or other asserted mitigating factor or circumstance, such explanation or excuse is not reasonable if it is based on the discovery of, knowledge or belief about, or the potential or actual disclosure of the victims actual or perceived sexual orientation, sex, gender, gender identity, or sex assigned at birth; and (iii) a defendant does not suffer from a mental illness, mental defect, mental disorder, serious mental disorder, psychiatric disorder, or other impairment affecting or impacting the defendants mental state relating to any questions of intent, knowledge, capacity to appreciate the wrongfulness of the defendant's conduct, disturbance of the defendant's thinking, feeling or behavior, culpability, willpower to choose whether to do or refrain from doing an act, or ability to distinguish right from wrong, based on the discovery of, knowledge or belief about, or the potential or actual disclosure of the victims actual or perceived sexual orientation, sex, gender, gender identity, or sex assigned at birth.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 19 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Workers Compensation. Description: This Act increases the number of members of a limited liability corporation who are eligible for exemption from workers compensation reimbursement from four to eight, making the number equal to the number of officers in a traditional corporation who are eligible for exemption.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 11 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Offenses Involving Deadly Weapons And Dangerous Instruments.. Description: This bill makes the unsafe storage of a firearm in a vehicle a class A misdemeanor if the person knowingly leaves a firearm unattended in a vehicle and the firearm is not stored in a locked box or container, a firearms rack that is on the motor vehicle, or locked in the trunk. This bill also provides that compliance with unsafe storage of a firearm in a vehicle is a defense to carrying a concealed deadly weapon.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 18 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Insurance.. Description: This bill increases the assessments charged to insurance companies to fund the increased costs of the operation of the Fraud Prevention Bureau.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 12, Title 25, And Title 30 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Uniform Real Property Transfer On Death Act.. Description: This Act is a substitute for House Bill No. 147. Like House Bill No. 147, this Act provides a mechanism for the nonprobate transfer of real estate. This is done by permitting an owner of an interest in real estate to execute and record a transfer on death (TOD) deed designating a beneficiary who will automatically receive the real estate on the owner's death without a probate procedure. During the owner's lifetime the beneficiary of a TOD deed has no interest in the real estate and the owner retains full power to transfer or encumber the real estate or to revoke the deed.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 15 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Elections.. Description: This Act makes updates to Title 15 related to the efficient administration of elections.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 10 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Protection From Abuse Proceedings.. Description: This Act expressly adds the intentional restriction of another adults access to economic resources resulting in a loss of financial autonomy to the definition of abuse for protection from abuse proceedings. This Act also specifies that tangible property of the petitioner includes legal documents belonging to the petitioner. In addition, this Act codifies the existing practice of Family Court to allow relief by ordering respondents to return specific legal documents. This Act also makes technical corrections to conform existing law to the standards of the Delaware Legislative Drafting Manual.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 15 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Campaign Contributions And Expeditures.. Description: This bill permits political committees to make donations to any religious, charitable, educations or scientific organization exempt from Delaware income tax under Delaware tax laws or to any volunteer fire company.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 6 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Personal Data Privacy And Consumer Protection.. Description: This bill creates the Delaware Personal Data Privacy Act. The Act delineates a consumers personal data rights and provides that residents of this State will have the right to know what information is being collected about them, see the information, correct any inaccuracies, or request deletion of their personal data that is being maintained by entities or people.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 18 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Pet Insurance.. Description: This Act establishes the comprehensive framework for the regulation of pet insurance transacted in Delaware. The Act reflects the adoption of the National Association of Insurance Commissioners Pet Insurance Model Act, with adjustments made to conform the model act to the standards of the Delaware Legislative Drafting Manual, including using the singular tense of a word rather than the plural tense.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 24 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Pawnbrokers, Secondhand Dealers And Scrap Metal Processors.. Description: This Act prohibits a pawnbroker, secondhand dealer, or scrap metal processor from purchasing or otherwise acquiring a gift card or other item in its original packaging unless the individual offering the item for sale produces a receipt or proof of purchase at the time of transaction. The Department of Homeland Security or its designee may seize an item found in violation of Chapter 23, Title 24 for a period of 30 days to allow the pawnbroker, secondhand dealer, or scrap metal processor an opportunity to provide a receipt or proof of ownership.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Cash Management Policy Board.. Description: This bill transfers the placement of the Cash Management Policy Board from within the Department of Finance to the Office of the State Treasurer and provides that support for the Board shall be determined by the State Treasurer as is currently done.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 12, Title 29, And Title 30 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Taxes.. Description: The statute in Section 1 is revised to establish that a judgment of record obtained as a result of the Director of Revenue filing the certificate under section 554 of Title 30 of the Delaware Code constitutes a judgment of record of which notice is presumed against the estate of the decedent regardless of the county in this State in which letters are granted. Section 2 modifies the deadline for having a June meeting of DEFAC to account for the for the new Juneteenth holiday. Section 3 enables the Department of Finance and the Division of Revenue to fully administer and enforce taxes where jurisdiction is assigned by the Delaware Code without reference to any specific Title. This avoids the need to revise applicable provisions of Title 30 (by enumerating each applicable title) when changes to the law make the Department responsible for the administration and enforcement of tax and tax-related laws established outside of Title 30. Section 1 of this Act applies to decedents on or at the effective date of this legislation.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 16 Of The Delaware Code Relating To 988 Behavioral Health Crisis Intervention Services.. Description: The National Suicide Hotline Designation Act of 2020 established 988 as the universal phone number for "the national suicide prevention and mental health crisis hotline system operating through the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline." This Act provides the framework to maximize the benefits of 988 and provide crucial support to Delawareans in need through the implementation of a practical, modern, and comprehensive, integrated crisis care system.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Energy Efficiency Investment Fund.. Description: This Act allows the Department of Natural Resources and Environmental Control to assist more small businesses and organizations in making energy efficiency improvements to their facilities by raising the proportion of those projects that can be funded through grants or loans by the Energy Efficiency Investment Fund. Currently, assistance is capped at 30% of the project cost up to $250,000, leaving an applicant to come up with the remaining 70% or more. This can be prohibitive for smaller entities. By raising the eligible proportion of the project cost to 60%, without changing the maximum funding, the Department can help more small businesses, local governments, and nonprofits reduce their operating costs and environmental impact.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Titles 9, 12, 16, 24, And 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Human Remains.. Description: House Bill 162 authorizes the process of natural organic reduction to be used in this State. Natural organic reduction is the gentle, respectful process that accelerates the decomposition of human remains to soil. This process uses large vessels to hold human remains together with straw, wood chips, or other natural materials for about 30 days. The human remains and organic materials, mixed together with warm air, are periodically turned and the process eventually results in reduction of the human remains to a soil material that can then be provided to the deceased individual's family. Natural organic reduction is considered a more eco-friendly cremation alternative, forgoing the usage of formaldehyde and the release of carbon dioxide and mercury into the atmosphere. The process also uses 1/8 the energy of cremation.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 14 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Educator Licensure And Certification.. Description: This Act authorizes the Department of Education to issue an initial or continuing license to a Junior Reserve Officer Training Core (JROTC) Instructor who has been certified by the United States Department of Defense (USDOD). This Act also removes outdated language.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend The Charter Of The Town Of Delmar.. Description: This bill increases the amount of money the Town of Delmar is permitted to raise from levying and collecting taxes from $1,000,000.00 to $2,500,000.00.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Health Care Insurance And Elimination Of The State Share Waiting Period.. Description: This legislation prioritizes recruitment and retention of State employees by removing the 3-month waiting period for the state to pay its share of premium or subscription charges for health care coverage under § 5202 of Title 29 for benefit eligible state employees hired on or after January 1, 2024 by revising the definition of a regular office or employee.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 11 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Discovery In Criminal Cases.. Description: This bill codifies the prosecutions obligation under Brady v. Maryland, a United State Supreme Court case, which requires the prosecution to provide evidence favorable to an accused. The purpose of this bill is to ensure the fairness and finality of criminal trials and guilty plea by requiring that the accused in every criminal case promptly receives all information and evidence favorable that is material to guilt or to punishment. The bill sets for what the prosecution must mandatorily disclose to the defense, which includes information relating to the credibility of a police officer and impeachment evidence of government witnesses such as favorable treatment of the witnesss criminal charges. The bill sets forth the process and timing of such disclosure and requires the prosecutor on the case to file a certificate of compliance with the Court. The bill provides a process by which the State can seek a protective order relating to the disclosure of information it must disclosure if the State can show that disclosure would create a substantial risk of physical harm, intimidation, bribery, economic reprisals or unnecessary annoyance or embarrassment.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Titles 9 And 30 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Lodging Tax.. Description: House Bill No. 168 creates a short-term rental lodging tax at the rate of 8% of the rent upon every occupancy of a short-term rental within the State. For purposes of collecting the lodging tax on short-term rentals, HB 168 creates an occupational license for a short-term rental listing service. It also authorizes New Castle and Sussex Counties to impose a lodging tax of no more than 3 percent on short-term rentals.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To School Construction.. Description: This Act requires the Secretary of Education to publish and deliver to the General Assembly a report detailing requests for certificates of necessity that are not included in the proposed capital budget and the reasons for the rejection and a ranking of the rejected projects by need. The report is also required to include a breakdown of the current and previous 5 years of state spending committed through the certificate of necessity process, as well as a report on which priority level (1, 2, or 3) all approved and rejected applications are given.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 7 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Clean Air Act Title V Operating Permit Program.. Description: This Act extends the Clean Air Act Title V Operating Permit Program annual fees for facilities in Delaware, which have historically expired and been reauthorized by the General Assembly every three years. Existing statutory authorization to collect fees sunsets on December 31, 2023. This legislation updates the fee assessments based on the work of the Title V Operating Permit Program Advisory Committee and makes additional clarifying updates. For 2024-2026, the total fee will be comprised of a base fee, user fee, and program fee. Base fees are based on the number of staff hours spent on the sources permitting, compliance, and enforcement activities, while the user fee is based on the sources air emissions. The program fee will be assessed based on the total base and user fees. This Act authorizes the Department of Natural Resources and Environmental Control to collect Title V annual fees for calendar years 2024 through 2026, at which point the authority sunsets and would need to be reauthorized.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend The Charter Of The Town Of Laurel.. Description: This bill increases the amount of money the Town of Laurel is permitted to raise from levying and collecting taxes from $500,000 to $2,500,000.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 14 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Student Discipline Referrals.. Description: This Act requires a referral to a school-based mental or behavioral health specialist for any student after their second unduplicated infraction resulting in out-of-school suspension in a semester. This Substitute bill clarifies that the referral is to a school-based mental or behavioral health specialist rather than the school-based problem-solving team and the referral occurs after 2 unduplicated disciplinary violations, in a semester, result in an out-of-school suspension rather than 2 out-of-school suspensions.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 19 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Unemployment Compensation Deadlines.. Description: This bill would extend various deadlines in the Unemployment Code. The intent is to provide claimants and employers additional time to receive and prepare a response or appeal of benefit determinations and other important documents that require a response, in an effort to reduce the incidents of late filed appeals and missed deadlines. This would benefit claimants and employers by providing more time, while also reducing the administrative burden to the Division of Unemployment Insurance of responding to late appeals and late filed documents. This bill also makes conforming changes to additional sections of the Unemployment Code that provide for delivery by mail or other delivery methods to provide flexibility to the Division and Board if they decide to send notices and other documents by email or other delivery methods to reduce mailing expenses and increase efficiency. Finally, this bill confirms Superior Court precedent that Code references to days mean calendar days unless otherwise specified.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Compassionate Leave. Description: This bill increases the amount of Compassionate Leave for eligible employees of the State upon the death of an immediate family member.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Council On Apprenticeship And Training.. Description: This Act updates the makeup and duties of the Council of Apprenticeship and Training to meet the current needs of the DOL, the apprenticeship workforce, and employers. It clarifies the duties of the Council, the membership of the Council, and term limits for council members.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Designation Of A State Dance.. Description: This Act designates Maypole dancing as the official dance of Delaware.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 31 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Background Checks For Child-serving Entities And Other Organizations.. Description: This Act allows the State Bureau of Identification to release subsequent arrest notifications to the Department of Education for its employees and contractors. This Act also corrects existing typos in § 309 of Title 31 and makes clarifying changes to the processing of background checks when the Department of Education is the employer.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 11, Title 13, Title 16, And Title 31 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Child Abuse.. Description: Sections 1 through 6 of this Act revise the State's existing child abuse laws as follows:
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 11 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Endangering The Welfare Of A Child.. Description: This Act revises the existing crime of endangering the welfare of a child by providing or permitting a child to consume or inhale unprescribed controlled substances in the following ways:
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 19 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Discrimination In Employment.. Description: Delaware law expressly prohibits employment discrimination based upon surviving domestic violence, sexual assault, or stalking. Such discrimination includes: (1) failing or refusing to hire or discharging an employee because the individual was a victim of domestic violence, sexual offense, or stalking; or (2) failing or refusing to make reasonable accommodations to the limitations known to the employer and related to domestic violence, a sexual offense, or stalking. Current statute requires the victim of domestic violence, sexual assault, or stalking to provide verification to their employer. This bill provides employers with the option to require verification in order to receive accommodations.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 11 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Individuals Required To Register As Sex Offenders For Acts Committed When They Were Children.. Description: This Act makes changes to the requirements for placement on the sex offender registry of individuals who are adjudicated delinquent of certain offenses. First, it reduces the number of offenses for which placement on the sex offender registry is mandatory and the Family Court has no discretion to relieve a person adjudicated delinquent from the requirement or to reduce the tier assigned. Mandatory registration is still required for all degrees of rape (first through fourth) and conspiracy or attempt to commit any degree of rape. This Act will also allow an individual placed on the registry to petition the Family Court to be relieved from the registration or placed on a lower tier, either at the conclusion of any required treatment or after the passage of 2 years for most offenses, or after the passage of 5 years for those offenses that still require mandatory registration. The ability to petition for a registry review hearing after the mandated review period will apply to anyone placed on the registry because of a juvenile delinquency adjudication, regardless of the date of that adjudication.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Child Support.. Description: This Act expands the Video Lottery Intercept Program by requiring an operator of a video lottery facility to submit an individual's winnings from sports betting and table games to the Division of Child Support Services to satisfy delinquent child support obligations. The Video Lottery Intercept Program currently only collects video lottery winnings.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 14 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Public Education Equity Ombudsperson Program And The Education Equity Council.. Description: This Act codifies the Equity Ombudsman program, the purpose of which is to provide students and families encountering inequity in the school system with non-lawyer advocates to assist them. The Educational Equity Council, as a stakeholder council, provides oversight to the Equity Ombudsman program, to provide broad review, analysis and recommendations, for the improvement of student equity and outcomes in Delawares public education system.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Titles 16 And 21 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Animal Population Control Programs.. Description: This bill updates the current law relating to the Spay Neuter Fund and the administration of that fund to make it easier to administer the fund and animal population control programs.
In 2024, Delaware enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 25 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Landlord Tenant Code.. Description: This substitute bill provides more clarity on the process by which a tenant may file an action in the Justice of the Peace Court to withhold rent payments in escrow. Specifically, the bill provides what the tenant must file in order to bring such action and how such actions proceed in court. This substitute bill also provides the remedy of termination of lease when the conditions of the rental unit threatens the life, health, or safety of the tenant or a member of the tenants household. This substitute bill also clarifies the appeal process for actions to withhold rent payments in escrow. This substitute bill also provides a tenant the right to raise as an affirmative defense to an action for summary possession filed by the landlord that a condition exists that threatens the life, health, or safety of the tenant or a member of the tenants household if the tenant satisfies specific requirements. If the Court determines that the tenant has satisfied those requirements, the Court may order that in lieu of summary possession, the tenant pay all base monthly rent owed to the landlord to an escrow account established by the Court. The Court may order the landlord to remedy the conditions alleged by a specific date. If both the landlord and tenant comply with the Courts order, the amount held in escrow will be paid to the landlord within 30 days, and no judgment for possession shall be entered. Finally, this substitute bill provides that the Act will take effect 180 days after its enactment into law in order to provide the Justice of the Peace Court sufficient time to enact rules to implement the Act.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 14 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Proficiency On Student Assessments.. Description: This Act requires that the superintendent, school leader, or equivalent chief school officer who oversees a school or a charter school where students have single-digit proficiency in English language arts or mathematics, or both, collaborate with the Department of Education and school building-level administration to create a short-term plan to raise performance so that the school no longer has single-digit proficiency. This Act also requires the creation of a long-term plan for how to further improve student performance on State assessments and increase the schools overall student body achievement proficiency level.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 11 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Possession Of A Firearm In A Safe School And Recreation Zone.. Description: As of April 4, 2023, 74 people have been killed or injured by guns in schools this year in 13 separate school shootings. School shootings hit a record high in 2022 with 46 shootings, surpassing 2021s record of 42 shootings. In 2022, 43,450 children experienced a school shooting. The purpose of this bill is to enable a police officer to act immediately when the officer sees or suspects that a person possesses a firearm in a Safe School and Recreation Zone.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Titles 14 And 16 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Concussion Protection In Youth Athletic Activites.. Description: In 2016, the General Assembly passed HB 404, the Concussion Protection in Youth Athletic Activities Act (CPYAAA). This Act clarifies the requirements of CPYAAA and enables the Division of Public Health, in consultation with the State Council for Persons with Disabilities, to promulgate regulations to broadly implement the Act. This Amendment adds the requirement for non-scholastic athletic activity organizations to develop policies and procedures for advising athletes, coaches, officials, parents, and guardians of the signs and symptoms of concussion and explaining the risk of continuing to practice or compete in athletic events or activities after sustaining a concussion, as well as providing information about returning to academic and athletic events or activities after sustaining a concussion.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 2 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Public Carriers.. Description: This Act decreases the minimum amount of insurance to be required by taxicab drivers. SB 209, as amended, from the 151st General Assembly increased the required minimum insurance for all public carriers to $1,000,000 for death, bodily injury, and property damages and $1,000,000 for uninsured and underinsured insurance. HB 194 lowers the minimum amount of insurance required by taxicabs issued a medallion to $100,000 for death and bodily injury, $50,000 for property damages, and $300,000 for uninsured and underinsured insurance.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act Making Appropriations For The Expense Of The State Government For The Fiscal Year Ending June 30, 2024; Specifying Certain Procedures, Conditions And Limitations For The Expenditure Of Such Funds; And Amending Certain Pertinent Statutory Provisions.. Description: This Bill is the Fiscal Year 2024 Appropriations Act.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act Making A One-time Supplemental Appropriation For The Fiscal Year Ending June 30, 2024 To The Office Of Management And Budget.. Description: This Act appropriates $194,560,278 to provide one-time funded projects through the Office of Management and Budget.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act Making Appropriations For Certain Grants-in-aid For The Fiscal Year Ending June 30, 2024; Specifying Certain Procedures, Conditions And Limitations For The Expenditure Of Such Funds; Amending The Fiscal Year 2024 Appropriations Act; Amending The Fiscal Year 2024 One-time Supplemental Appropriations Act; And Amending Certain Statutory Provisions.. Description: This Act provides supplementary appropriations to certain Grants-in-Aid recipients for Fiscal Year 2024.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend The Town Charter Of The Town Of Clayton.. Description: This Act is a comprehensive amendment of the Town Charter for the Town of Clayton. It sets forth detailed basis for removal from office of Mayor and Town Council and process for filling any vacancies on Town Council. The Amendment allows the Mayor and members of Town Council to participate and vote in Council meetings by remote electronic means, when unavoidable circumstances prohibit in person attendance, so long as all members can hear and speak with one another. The Act allows the Town to borrow up to an amount not to exceed 20% of the assessed value of assessable and taxable real property within the Town limits. The Act also allows the Town to purchase general obligation bonds not to exceed 20% of the assessed value of all real estate subject to taxation within the Town. The Act establishes the Towns power to regulate orderly growth and development including subdivisions and site plans and procedures for securing financial guarantees to ensure satisfactory completion of new land development. The Act also allows the Town to adopt the assessment of Kent County in lieu of making its own independent assessment and valuation for purposes of levying town taxes. The Act specifies the Town Manager is the Town Tax Collector. The Act allows the Council, by ordinance, to impose impact fees and the purpose for such impact fees. The Act specifies the duties of the Police Chief and Town Manager. The Act specifies all appointments and promotions of Town employees shall be under the direction of the Mayor and the Town Council including hiring, termination, promotion or discipline of all employees. The Act specifies use of Town money by Town Council. The Act sets forth new election procedures, including voter qualifications, voter registration, and conduct of elections for Town elections.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 14 Of The Delaware Code Relating To School-based Mental Health Services.. Description: This Act establishes a mental health services unit for Delaware high schools. The unit is phased in over 3 years, beginning in FY2024, to arrive at a final ratio of 250 full-time equivalent students grades 9-12 for a full-time school counselor, school social worker, or licensed clinical social worker. Additionally, a unit ratio of 700 full time equivalent students for grades 9-12 for employment of a full-time school psychologist. This Act defines mental health services as prevention, response, and coordination services delivered to students in high schools. Mental Health disorders are the most common health problem for school aged youth. According to the National Institute of Mental Health (NIMH), one in five youth are affected by a mental health disorder. Additionally, 50% of lifetime mental illnesses begin by age 14. Untreated mental illness leads to negative outcomes including increased risk of dropout, homelessness, substance abuse, other chronic illnesses, incarceration, and possibly suicide. According to the National Alliance on Mental Health, ninety percent of people who have taken their own life have had an underlying mental health condition, and suicides are on the rise. According to the Center for Disease Control and Prevention, suicides are now the second leading cause of death for youth ages 10-14. Delaware schools need trained and experienced mental health professionals to provide prevention and support programs and services to students. This bill will lower ratios of students to counselors and increase access to mental health services for high school students. Districts and charters should prioritize the hiring of school counselors who provide mental health services over those who provide career counseling.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 11 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Possession Of A Firearm At A Polling Place.. Description: This Act limits those individuals who may possess a firearm at a polling place on an Election Day to the following: (1) law enforcement officers, (2) commissioned security guards acting in their official capacity, (3) constables acting in their official capacity, and (4) active-duty members of the United States Armed Forces and Delaware National Guard acting in their official capacity. This Act is applicable to any in-person election held under Title 15, any local school election held under Title 14, and any municipal election held in accordance with the municipality's charter, ordinance, or code, and includes locations designated for early voting. This Act also provides an exemption for individuals who reside or visit private property adjacent to a polling place, or who are traveling from private property to another location.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Titles 16 And 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Temporary Staffing Agencies Serving Long-term Care Facilities.. Description: This bill grants authority to the Department of Health and Social Services (DHSS) to adopt regulations related to the operation of temporary staffing agencies that staff temporary nurses and other staff positions in long-term care facilities in the State and assigns oversight within DHSS to the Division of Health Care Quality. The bill requires temporary staffing agencies to (1) register annually with the Division of Health Care Quality; (2) validate the qualifications of all provided staff provided; (3) maintain records of all provided staffs credentials, job requirements, and required immunizations; and (4) provide all such records upon request to DHSS and to the long-term care facility where the employee is placed. The bill also requires temporary staffing agencies to report annually to DHSS regarding various factors, including its employee placements, costs charged to long-term care facilities, and wages paid to temporary staff.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 11 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Law Enforcement Officer Bill Of Rights.. Description: This Act makes a number of revisions to the Law-Enforcement Officers Bill of Rights in Title 11 of the Delaware Code. It adds part-time officers to the coverage of the chapter. It distinguishes between formal investigations and informal inquiries, but requires that even informal inquiries must comport with federal and State law, including NLRB v. J. Weingarten, Inc., 420 U.S. 251 (1975) and Garrity v. New Jersey, 385 U.S. 493 (1967).
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Titles 10, 11, 24, 29, And 4 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Police Officer Standards And Training Commission.. Description: This Act revamps the Council on Police Training, by changing the name of the Council to the Police Officer Standards and Training Commission (or POST) and amending its powers and duties to: (1) more accurately reflect the dual role of establishing training standards for Delaware police officers as well as overseeing allegations of police officer misconduct and conducting hearings for possible suspensions or de-certifications; (2) untethering the Council from the Delaware State Police by deleting the requirement that the Director of the Delaware State Police Academy is responsible for education and training in connection with the Councils duties and responsibilities; (3) removing the requirement that discipline proceedings be tied to whether the employing department takes action against the officer and increasing the instances when discipline can be issued; (4) advising the Delaware Police Accreditation Commission regarding statewide accreditation standards; (5) issuing guidelines for local police oversight commissions or boards. The Bill improves transparency by increasing required meetings from two to four per year, clarifying that decisions of disciplinary panels are public documents, requiring that departments form public accountability commissions with non-officer members, and requiring a public comment period and an official website with publication of pertinent records and documents of the POST. By amending the definition of police officer, the bill also requires that officers employed only part-time are subject to the regulatory oversight of the POST. The Bill proposes that the Councils day-to-day functions be provided through professionals retained by the Department of Safety and Homeland Security.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend The Charter Of The Town Of Milton.. Description: This Act amends the Charter of The Town of Milton. Specifically, Section 1 of the Act allows for an exception to the lengthy annexation process for a contiguous property owner seeking annexation if the property is two acres or less. Section 2 of the Act then sets up that less cumbersome annexation process for properties two acres or less. Section 3 of the Act replaces the list of exceptions to competitive bidding with incorporation by reference of the more detailed Town of Milton Procurement Policy. Section 4 of the Act reinstates a prior limit on real property taxes to a function of the total of assessed values within the Town. Specifically, the cap is 0.5% of that total. Currently, the cap is a fixed number, $1,750,000. However, the Town has annexed into its limits a number of parcels that will necessarily require additional expenditures of Town funds for services such as policing and, therefore, the Town will need to collect additional real property taxes.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 21 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Motor Vehicle Rental Agreements.. Description: This Act prohibits motor vehicle lessors from including licensing, title, registration, and plate fees as a separately stated mandatory charge in a rental agreement.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Titles 6 And 21 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Rental Car Companies And Peer-to-peer Car Sharing.. Description: This Act prohibits rental companies, shared vehicle owners, and peer-to-peer car sharing programs from recovering damages and charging administrative fees relating to the loss of use of a rental vehicle or shared vehicle. This Act abrogates the common law of loss of use to the extent that it applies to shared vehicle owners, peer-to-peer car sharing programs, and rental car companies and supersedes any other statute to the extent of a conflict.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 3, Chapter 13 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Nurseries And Nursery Stock.. Description: This Act clarifies the process of obtaining a Nursery Inspection Certificate through the Nursery Industry License Application (NILA), which is now available online. This Act also cleans up and updates language used in relation to Nurseries and Nursery Stock. This Act provides for the proceeds of any fines or penalties imposed for violations under Chapter 13 to be deposited in a special fund account in the Department of Agriculture and used to support the nursery inspection programs of the Department of Agriculture.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 25 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Manufactured Housing.. Description: House Substitute No. 2 to House Bill 212 prohibits manufactured home community owners from increasing rent if the rent was increased by 5 percent or more the previous year or rental period, instead permitting an increase capped at 3 percent. This Act does not prohibit a community owner from increasing rent to market rent in phases as called for in current law, even if doing so would otherwise violate the prohibition on increasing rent after a 5 percent or more increase. It also allows a greater increase where more than 50% of the homeowners use the property as a second residence. This Act clarifies that penalties of rent reduction and repayment of excess rent will be imposed for a community owner who increases rent in violation of any provision of Title 25, Chapter 70.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Delaware Commission Of Veterans Affairs.. Description: This Act changes the composition of the Commission and further clarifies the definition of veterans as it pertains to this Section of Title 29. The Delaware Commission of Veterans Affairs is comprised of members, appointed by the Governor, who represent specific veteran organizations. The United States Congress defines the Korean War Era as June 27, 1950 to January 31, 1955, and today most living Korean War Veterans are in their upper 80s or lower 90s. This amendment will redesignate the seat to an organization that is self-perpetuating and whose membership will continue on, and also serve to provide the diverse representation of all veterans. Also preserved is the ability of the current Korean War Commissioner to remain as a Commissioner until his term expires or that seat otherwise becomes vacant. The sole remaining active Chapter of the Korean War Veterans of America in Delaware is in the process of being disbanded due to lack of membership.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 30 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Tax Credits For Creation Of Employment And Qualified Investment In Business Facilities.. Description: This Act expands eligibility for the investment and employment credit against corporation income tax available under 30 Del. C. § 2011 to the operators of climate-controlled fruit or vegetable growing facilities with at least 400,000 square feet of enclosed space. Eligibility for the expanded tax credit is conditioned on a qualified investment of at least $40 million.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing The Month Of April 2024 As "national Donate Life Month" In Delaware.. Description: This Resolution recognizes the month of April 2024 as "National Donate Life Month" in Delaware.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 24 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Continuing Education For Nursing Professionals.. Description: This Act amends the continuing education requirements for nursing professionals, mandating that all nursing professionals receive at least one hour of continuing education in each reporting period on the recognition of sexual or physical abuse, exploitation, or domestic violence of vulnerable populations, or on the reporting obligations under the rules and regulations of the Board of Nursing. The Act removes the requirement for nursing professionals who work in adult gerontology to complete continuing education on the topic of diagnosis, treatment, and care of patients with Alzheimer's disease or other dementias.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 11 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Definitions For The Delaware Criminal Code.. Description: This Act is a substitute for House Bill No. 224. Like House Bill No. 224, this Act narrows the meaning of firearm for purposes of the Delaware Criminal Code by more closely aligning the definition of firearm with the definition in the federal criminal background check law. The reference to a BB gun is no longer necessary because a BB gun does not use an explosive force to propel a projectile.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 21 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Special License Plates.. Description: This bill creates a special license plate to help underwrite Youth and Conservation Day for the Delaware Ducks Unlimited youth members known as Greenwings. Greenwings are younger Ducks Unlimited members who participate in the conservation, restoration, and management of wetlands and associated habitats for North American waterfowl. The purpose of this license plate is to raise money to educate our youth in the continued conservation of our habitats to benefit our wildlife and people. This plate is intended for use by individuals of all ages.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Titles 16 And 24 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Lead Poisoning Prevention.. Description: This Act makes various amendments to the Childhood Lead Poisoning Prevention Act to improve compliance with its testing and reporting requirements. First, this Act requires physicians to take a training program every 2 years relating to the provisions of the Childhood Lead Poisoning Prevention Act. Second, it requires the Division of Public Health to develop electronic forms to be used at a childs 12 and 24 month well visit that record lead screening results and are shared with the Divison. Third, it clarifies that laboratories and health care professionals involved in blood lead level analysis must report results to the the Division of Public Health. Finally, it requires the Division of Public Health to share data with school nurses relating to whether an enrolled student has been screened for lead poisoning.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 18 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Insurance Rate Filings.. Description: Section 1 of the bill amends Delawares file-and-use statute for insurance rate filings to extend the timeline for filing and reviewing insurers rate filing by (1) requiring rate filings to be filed at least 60 days in advance of the proposed effective date, and (2) authorizing the Commissioner to extend the timeframe to review the filing and postpone the effective date of the filing pending completion of the extended review. Section 2 of the bill sets forth the process for when the Commissioner proposes to deny a rate filing and requires that a filing may not become effective until a final order is issued. Section 2 of the bill also corrects technical errors in the current law.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 14 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Redding Consortium For Educational Equity.. Description: This Act removes the required window for submission of a final plan from the Redding Consortium to the State Board of Education and instead requires that the State Board act on any plan submitted by the Redding Consortium within 3 months. It also allows for the Redding Consortium to submit an interim plan prior to the completion of its full plan. Finally, it provides that the Consortiums final report may include recommendations for policies and practices for systematic reform to address the negative impacts of the Neighborhood Schools Act.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 14 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Basic Salary Schedule For Certain School Employees.. Description: This Act provides clarity on the type of certification and the accepted certifying agencies for increases over the basic salary schedule.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 4 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Alcoholic Liquors.. Description: This bill changes the time a holder of a license for the sale of alcoholic liquor for on-premises consumption may sell alcohol from 9:00 a.m. to 8:00 a.m.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 19 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Employer Assessments.. Description: This Act will continue for calendar year 2024 the temporary relief provided in calendar year 2023 to employers who pay unemployment tax assessments. It will continue to reduce new employer tax rates, hold constant overall employer tax rates from last calendar year, and reduce the maximum earned rate. This Act will also continue the temporary simplification of the tax rate schedules that are used to calculate unemployment assessments paid by employers. The Governors agreement to use federal pandemic funds to restore the pandemic-depleted Unemployment Trust Fund made the Unemployment Trust Fund sufficiently solvent and is allowing the Department to implement unemployment tax relief measures to Delaware employers for an additional one-year period for calendar year 2024. The Department estimates that these unemployment tax assessment changes will reduce the tax obligation of employers an estimated $50 million compared to the tax rates absent the temporary relief.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 16 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Hospital Visitation Policy.. Description: This legislation is an attempt to strike a balance between the need to protect hospital staff, hospital patients, and the public from harm during a State of Emergency, pandemic, or infectious disease outbreak with the expectation that patients should be able to receive support from their family and spiritual counselors during a time of personal crisis.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Titles 16, 24, And 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Department Of Health And Social Services.. Description: This Act expands the qualifications for the Director of the Division of Public health to include non-physician professionals. It also allows for the Director to appoint a physician or advanced practice registered nurse in certain instances where that level of medical expertise is required to fulfill duties assigned to the Director.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 7 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Boiler Safety Program.. Description: This Act makes several updates to the Boiler Safety Program. The Boiler Safety Program can issue certificates of compliance and the Secretary can grant variances. A 6th member is added to the Boiler Safety Council from associated labor unions. It adds an enforcement section for violators who fail to comply with Program requirements. This Act also makes technical corrections to conform with current drafting standards. Finally, the Act allows DNREC to establish fees for the Program that reasonably reflect the cost of the Program and defray its expenses. It therefore requires a 3/5 vote.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Titles 9 And 17 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Traffic Safety.. Description: There were 139 traffic fatalities in Delaware in 2021, the highest number of traffic fatalities since 2006. Senate Concurrent Resolution 94 of the 151st Delaware General Assembly set a goal of no more than 100 traffic fatalities per year and tasked state agencies to meet that goal by 2025. Instead of moving towards meeting the General Assemblys goal, however, traffic fatalities increased to 165 in 2022, deepening the crisis on Delawares roads. To reverse this situation, the Everyone Gets Home Act makes changes to the Delaware Code to sharpen the Department of Transportations focus on the three most common types of fatal crashes: intersection (including driveway); roadway departure; and mid-block pedestrian. This Act clarifies the Departments authority to designate controlled-access facilities as a safety countermeasure for both intersection and midblock pedestrian crashes and, when the facility designation has received the consent of county government, requires counties to use their own authority to assist the Department in consolidating vehicle entrances and exits to and from the facility. In addition, this Act authorizes the Department to designate roadways as low-speed streets and low-speed local roads in order to address fatal roadway departure crashes related to vehicle speed, and permits counties to request such designations to meet their own traffic safety goals. Finally, this Act expands the Departments discretion to deploy new traffic-control devices in order to reduce fatal crashes.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 21 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Special License Plates.. Description: This bill creates a special license plate for the University of Delaware Athletics Community and Campus Recreation to promote and support the University of Delaware Athletics Community and Campus Recreations mission to provide meaningful learning experiences through physical and mental exertion.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 14 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Salary Step For Completion Of Teacher Residency Program.. Description: This Substitute bill differs from House Bill No. 252 by placing the Delaware Institute of Higher Education year-long teacher residency program under Section 1312 of Title 14 rather than Section 1305.This Substitute bill grants graduates of the Delaware Institute of Higher Education teacher-residency program 1 year of experience credit in addition to any other experience granted under Section 1312. The goal of this Act is to incentivize a new graduate who has completed the year-long Delaware residency program to stay and teach in Delaware by elevating their starting pay grade level by giving them 1 year of experience credit.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Titles 16, 18, 29, And 31 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Mammograms.. Description: This Act is a substitute for House Bill 253. Like HB 253, it requires health insurance companies, including State employee/retiree health plans and Medicaid, to cover annual mammograms for the purpose of early detection for a woman 40 years of age or older, with or without referral from the womans health care provider. It also prohibits mammography facilities from requiring that women, 40 years of age or older, provide the facility with the name of a healthcare provider in order to receive an annual screening mammogram.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend The Charter Of The Town Of Millville Relating To The Method Of Making Nominations For A Town Council Member.. Description: This Act amends the Charter of The Town of Millville. Specifically, the Act more clearly identifies the documents needed to file for a Town Council member position, as well as the logistics of the candidate providing the results of the criminal background check to the Town.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 13 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Violations Of Child Support Orders.. Description: This Act prohibits the Family Court from imposing a sentence of incarceration or ordering the suspension of a persons license for failure to pay court-ordered child support unless it finds that the failure to pay is wilful and not due to an inability of the person to pay the support.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend The Charter Of The City Of Lewes.. Description: This Act amends the Charter of the City of Lewes as follows. This Act modifies City contract requirements by 1) raising the aggregate contract value threshold for which competitive bidding shall not be required to $50,000 rather than the previous threshold of $25,000; 2) adding an exception to the competitive bidding requirement for certain existing contracts, which were previously competitively bid at the State or County level; and 3) adding an exception to the competitive bidding requirement for contracts made pursuant to a cooperative or joint purchasing agreement. This Act also modifies the Citys power and authority to borrow money and issue bonds or certificates of indebtedness by 1) clarifying the Citys authority to borrow money and issue bonds or certificates of indebtedness to provide funds for purchase real estate. This Act also modifies the assessment of taxes by 1) permitting the City to appoint a qualified firm to serve as the City Assessor or utilize County property assessments in lieu of appointing a City Assessor; and 2) modifies the appellate process for the assessment of taxes in certain situations. This Act also places a cap on the Citys power to collect taxes for any and all municipal purposes upon certain real property at one half of one percent (0.5%) of the full assessed value of land and improvements within the City, or $5,000,000, whichever is greater, rather than the previous cap of $3,500,000. The Act also modifies the refund of taxes and penalties for delinquent taxes. This Act also modifies the notice requirements and procedures relating to the Citys power to cause to be paved or repaved the sidewalks of said city or any part or portion thereof, to cause to be repaired or re-laid existing curbs or gutters.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 14 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Meal Debt Restrictions On Student Participation In Extracurricular Activities.. Description: This Act prohibits local education agencies and charter schools from prohibiting a student from participating in a school sponsored extracurricular activity on the basis the student has an outstanding debt for unpaid school meals.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 11 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Patronizing A Prostitute.. Description: This Act makes the crime of patronizing a prostitute a class E felony rather than a misdemeanor where the person from whom prostitution is sought is a minor.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 6 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Civil Liability And Civil Penalty For Publishing Or Distrubiton Of Material Harmful To Minors On The Internet.. Description: This act requires a commercial entity that knowingly or intentionally provides pornography and other materials defined as harmful to minors to verify the age of individuals accessing the material.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 31 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Annual Behavioral Health Well Checks.. Description: House Bill No. 303, with House Amendment No. 2, from the 151st General Assembly created an annual behavioral health well check and required carriers to provide coverage for this service.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Titles 11 And 24 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Ammunition.. Description: This Act creates a civil penalty for any sale or display of ammunition that allows the ammunition to be accessible to a purchaser or transferee without the assistance of the vendor or an employee of the vendor. Ammunition in an enclosed display case, behind a counter or other customer access preventing device is not considered accessible for purposes of this section.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 7 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Regulations And Prohibitions Concerning Game And Fish.. Description: Currently, section 712 of Title 7 of the Delaware Code prohibits the hunting of any game birds or game animals (except deer) on Sundays. This Bill eliminates the prohibition against hunting game birds on Sundays. The Department of Natural Resources and Environmental Control still has authority to establish and regulate season dates, bag limits and enforcement for the hunting of game birds.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 6 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Veterans' Benefits And Trade Practices.. Description: This act regulates persons who receive compensation for advising or assisting with veterans' benefits earned by serving our nation in the military. This bill would not prohibit persons or business entities from receiving compensation for advice to Veterans that is unrelated to veteran claims or services available to veterans from the V.A. or its accredited agencies. Investment, insurance, banking, and other advice or services not provided by the V.A., or its accredited agencies may be obtained by veterans and fees charged for such services.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 18 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Health Coverage For Speech Therapy.. Description: This Substitute bill adds 5 additional speech-language diagnosis to the 2 diagnoses listed in H.B. 273 and references that all 7 speech-language diagnoses are classified in the International Classification of Diseases (ICD-10) for billing purposes. This Substitute bill broadens the definition of child from 1 year to first grade to include all children from birth to age 18. This Substitute bill deletes the definition of carrier since the term is not referred to in these new sections and clarifies that Section 2 refers to group and blanket health insurance policies not individual health policies. This Substitute bill also clarifies that the Act applies to all health insurance contracts delivered, issued for delivery, or renewed after December 31, 2024.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 18, Title 29, And Title 31 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Insurance Coverage Of Allergen Introduction Dietary Supplements For Infants.. Description: Early, sustained exposure to peanut and egg proteins in the infant diet significantly reduces the risk that an infant will develop a peanut or egg allergy, saving lives and future health care costs. Following multiple clinical studies, the current guidance of the American Academy of Allergy, Asthma, and Immunology and the American College of Allergy, Asthma, and Immunology, which is followed by pediatricians, recommends that by age 6 months, all infants should be introduced to both peanut and egg protein and that unless contraindicated, all infants should regularly consume peanut and well-cooked egg protein until they reach the age of 1 year, to reduce the risk of developing peanut or egg allergies.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 6, Title 11, Title 18, Title 19, And Title 25 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Definition Of Sexual Orientation.. Description: This Act updates the definition of "sexual orientation" throughout the Delaware Code by adding asexuality and pansexuality. Asexuality refers to individuals with little to no sexual attraction to other individuals, although asexual individuals may desire emotionally intimate relationships with other individuals. Pansexuality refers to individuals who are attracted sexually or romantically, or both, to another individual regardless of that individual's sex or gender identity.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 11 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Safe School And Recreation Zones.. Description: This Act is a follow-up to House Bill No. 201, as amended by House Amendment No. 3 and Senate Amendment No. 3, which was passed in 2023. That bill originally repealed the offense of Possession of a weapon in a Safe School and Recreation Zone, which was not actually a separate crime but rather operated as an aggravator and sentence enhancement on certain underlying crimes, and replaced it with Possession of a firearm in a Safe School and Recreation Zone which is a separate and self-contained criminal offense. Subsequently Senate Amendment No. 3 was passed and attached to the bill. That amendment separated the school zone from the recreation zone offenses and was intended to reinstate the original sentence enhancement scheme for offenses in a Safe Recreation Zone.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 21 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Speed Exhibitions.. Description: This Act designates the Court of Common Pleas as the court with original jurisdiction of offenses under section 4172 of Title 21.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 14 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Bereavement Leave.. Description: This Act allows school employees up to 5 days of bereavement leave under the same circumstances as permitted for state employees.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Titles 11 And 16 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Civil Asset Forfeiture.. Description: This Act makes several changes to the civil asset forfeiture proceedings of this state.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To State Health Care Insurance.. Description: This Act repeals the option of providing health care insurance to state pensioners under Medicare part C, known as a Medicare Advantage Plan.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 18 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Insurance.. Description: This bill reorganizes provisions within the Insurance Code to centralize licensing and filing fees within one statutory provision (§ 701) and reconciles differences between the licensing and filing fees set forth in § 701 and within the specific licensing statutes. This bill also creates new licensing or registration fees for reciprocal insurers and certified reinsurers to align the costs of processing applications for these insurers with similarly-licensed or accredited insurers and reinsurers.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 18 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Workers Compensation Insurance.. Description: This is a clean-up bill that moves certain workers compensation-related provisions in Chapter 25 of Title 18 to Chapter 26 of Title 18, the latter of which shall exclusively govern workers compensation filings. The bill also makes technical corrections to conform with the Legislative Drafting Manual.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 16 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Medical Marijuana.. Description: This Act amends the Delaware Medical Marijuana Act by removing the requirement that a patient have a debilitating medical condition to qualify for a registry identification card, instead allowing health-care providers to make the determination of whether a patient has a diagnosed medical condition for which the patient would receive therapeutic or palliative benefit from the use of medical marijuana. As a result, this Act removes the CBD-rich and compassionate use programs, which previously allowed for the use of marijuana for the treatment of conditions that otherwise did not qualify a patient for a registry identification card.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 18 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Genetics Based Discrimination.. Description: Like House Bill No. 286, House Substitute No. 1 for House Bill No. 286 prohibits discrimination in life insurance based on genetic characteristics, genetic information, or the result of any genetic test.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 16 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Retired Law-enforcement Canines.. Description: This act requires that an owner be reimbursed up to $1,500 annually for veterinary care expenses paid by the owner for the care of a law-enforcement canine retired from a police department of a political subdivision of the State of Delaware.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend The Delaware Code And Chapter 168 Of Volume 84 Of The Laws Of Delaware Relating To The Division Of Research.. Description: This Act changes the name of the Division of Research to the "Division of Legislative Services" (Division) to more fully reflect the tasks that the Division performs. In addition to legislative research, the Division's tasks include drafting bills, editing the Delaware Code, staffing task forces, printing bills and other materials for the General Assembly, providing constituent and legislator services through the Legislative Information Office, and publishing the Register of Regulations and Administrative Code.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 15 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Campaign Contributions And Expenditures.. Description: This Act requires that a candidates political committees contribution and expense report, provided to the Department of Elections, include the primary employer and job title of each person contributing to the committee. This Act also requires the Department of Elections to provide a telephone number and online form for reporting alleged campaign financing violations. The informant must provide their name and contact information to the Department. The information provided to the Department is not to be considered a public record under FOIA. This Act also allows reporting parties who unintentionally receive a prohibited contribution or make a prohibited expenditure to return or reimburse the contribution or pay the contribution to the State Treasurer. This Act also eliminates the ability of anyone who makes or accepts a prohibited campaign contribution from donating the money to a designated Title 30 charitable organization. The Act requires anyone who knowingly accepts an unlawful campaign contribution to pay the money to the State Treasurer for deposit to the General Fund.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 15 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Elections.. Description: Federal and Delaware law protect the right to vote and the rights of individuals with disabilities to have equal access to voting places and public facilities. Nonetheless, recent information suggests that a substantial number of polling places in Delaware are either inaccessible to persons with disabilities or lack accessible parking, infringing on the right of all eligible persons to vote in this State.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 17 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Construction And Acceptance Of New Roads And Streets For State Maintenance.. Description: Due to the rapidly increasing costs of materials and labor, combined with the frequency in which developers have gone out of business or otherwise been unable to complete work required within developments, this Act increases the funding required to be secured by a developer to ensure the developer fulfills the developer's obligations to construct and complete improvements within a subdivision.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 16 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Vulnerable Adult Populations Commission.. Description: This Act is a result of the Joint Legislative Oversight and Sunset Committees (JLOSC) review of Adult Protective Services. This Act creates the Vulnerable Adult Populations Commission (Commission), whose purpose is to improve the response to and reduce the incidents of vulnerable adult abuse, neglect, or exploitation in this State. The Commission will be comprised of several members from key state agencies, legislators, and the private sector.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 6 And Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Delaware Libraries.. Description: This Act is the Delaware Libraries for All Act. It explicitly adds public libraries to the definition of place of public accommodation for purposes of Delawares Equal Accommodations Law. It also directs the Delaware Library Consortium to develop and adopt common policies concerning collection, development, and other topics in order to ensure equitable access and the right to read for all Delawareans.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 16 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Long-term Care Facilities.. Description: This Substitute Bill requires the Department of Health and Social Services to maintain a public registry of assisted living facilities that are accredited and/or certified to provide memory care services by an approved independent accrediting organization.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 18 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Prostate Cancer Screening.. Description: According to the American Cancer Society, prostate cancer is the second-leading cause of death from cancer in men. It is estimated that about 1 in 41 men will die of prostate cancer. According to ZERO Prostate Cancer, Black men face serious health care disparities regarding prostate cancer. 1 in 6 Black men will develop prostate cancer in their lifetime compared to 1 in 8 men overall. Black men are also 1.7 times more likely to be diagnosed with, and 2.1 times more likely to die from, prostate cancer than white men.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Department Of Technology And Information And Criminal Background Checks.. Description: This Act mandates that all individuals who have received a conditional offer of employment with DTI and any contractor or third party that requires access to DTI systems, facilities, or data, must undergo a state and federal criminal background check through the State Bureau of Identification.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend The Laws Of Delaware Relating To The Bond And Capital Improvements Acts Of The State Of Delaware And Certain Of Their Authorities For The Fiscal Years Ending June 30, 2023, And June 30, 2024.. Description: This Act amends the Fiscal Year 2023 Bond and Capital Improvements Act to (1) list the allocations of the School Construction Market Pressure Contingency Fund and clarify that funds cannot exceed the CN scope. Further, this Act amends Fiscal Year 2024 Bond and Capital Improvements Act to (2) revise language adjusting Federal Fund reporting dates to align with federal timelines; (3) ensure any alternative yard waste drop-off plan and relocation must provide the same level of service as the existing Polly Drummond Yard Waste site; (4) reallocate Resource, Conservation and Development funding for drainage improvement projects; (5) authorize the cancellation of any notes and forego all amounts owed under the loan agreement between the Diamond State Port Corporation (DSPC) and the Transportation Trust Fund; (6) authorize $400,000 of the Cover Crop Investment to be allocated to the Delaware Nutrient Management Commission for alternative projects; (7) authorize school districts to bond, if needed, the local match to market pressure and clarify that funds cannot exceed the scope of the Certificate of Necessity; (8) authorize the Department of Transportation to use Community Transportation Funds for one-time reimbursements for various projects; (9) reallocate Community Reinvestment Funds to the MOT Senior Center; (10) authorize the Department of Health and Social Services to donate land to the Wilmington Renaissance Corporation; (11) authorize funds to be used for the Carvel State Office Building window replacement project; (12) authorize funding to be used for construction or renovation of the Cleveland White building; (13) donate, sell, or transfer all or part of the property known as Elbert-Palmer School; (14) authorize funds for the demolition of the former Elbert-Palmer School and related site work; (15) authorize Caesar Rodney School Districts Certificate of Necessity 2210B to be extended and will now expire on November 15, 2024; (16) authorize Municipal Infrastructure Funds for the Bowers Beach Boatlift to be used for Drainage Improvement; and (17) authorize the transfer of ownership of the state-owned dredge to Summit North Marina LLC.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 14 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Sexual Assault Policies For Institutions Of Higher Education.. Description: This Act mandates that employees of institutions of higher education and students receive training in sexual assault prevention. Although the current law makes training available, it has not been required. This Act further changes the reporting period in which academic institutions must report information on campus sexual assaults from the calendar year to the academic year. Finally, this Act requires the DOJ to post the annual reports from the previous 5 years on its website and to include the aggregate data from the previous 5 years in each report so that data trends are easily identified.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 19 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Special Employment Practices For Health Care And Child Care Facilities.. Description: This Act updates the definition of child care facility to reflect the move of the Office of Child Care Licensing from the Department of Services for Children, Youth & Their Families to the Department of Education.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Titles 6, 14, And 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The United States Space Force.. Description: The United States Space Force was established on December 20, 2019 as part of the National Defense Authorization Act. The Space Force became the 6th branch of the United States Armed Forces. This Act inserts the Space Force in those sections of the Delaware Code where the other 5 branches of the armed forces are specifically enumerated This Act also makes technical corrections to conform existing law to the standards of the Delaware Legislative Drafting Manual.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 11 Of The Delaware Code Relating To A Safe School Zone.. Description: In many states acts of violence have been committed with the use of firearms on college and university campuses that have resulted in both injury and death to students and faculty. This Act adds post-secondary colleges and universities to the Safe School Zone criminal offense so that any person who knowingly possesses a firearm, as defined in Title 11, while in or on a college or university facility or campus may be charged with this additional offense. The same exceptions set forth in the statute will apply to a college or university.This Act also adds commissioned security guards to the categories of individuals who may possess a firearm while acting in their official capacity within a Safe School Zone. A person convicted under this section will be guilty of a Class E felony. This Act also makes a technical correction to conform existing law to the standards of the Delaware Legislative Drafting Manual.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 14 Of The Delaware Code Relating To School Boards.. Description: School board members are currently required to engage both in financial responsibility training and a training to understand educational and legal issues about due process and special education. This Act will require that a school board president inform each new member of the board of the training obligation. A school board president must also send a letter by January 15 of every year to any school board member who has not fulfilled the training obligation by January 1 following that members election or appointment.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 11 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Mammograms.. Description: This Act ensures that all female inmates in DDOC custody, at level IV or V, receive annual or biennial screening mammograms as recommended by the United States Preventive Services Task Force.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Titles 21 And 24 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Drivers Licenses.. Description: This Act does all of the following: (1) Allows for all licensed practitioners that are treating a driver for a medical condition to report findings which allows for Nurse Practitioner, Physician Assistant, or Physician to sign Division paperwork and mirrors verbiage found in Title 24; (2) Updates the name of Medical Council to Board of Medical Licensure and Discipline which ensures compliance with code in handling of individual cases; and (3) Changes the Secretary of Health and Social Services to Secretary of Transportation for determining the status of drivers license for individuals with a potential medical condition which allows for quicker response and ensures the confidentiality of a driver. Lastly it removes a section from the Medical Licensure Act consistent with the other provisions of the bill.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 9, Title 14, And Title 31 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Technical Corrections.. Description: This Act makes technical corrections to remove racist language and provisions from the Delaware Code. This Act also makes technical corrections to conform existing law to the standards of the Delaware Legislative Drafting Manual and the current responsibilities of Delaware agencies.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 15 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Deep Fakes In Elections.. Description: This Act creates a new elections crime: use of deep fake technology to influence an election. Under this statute it would be a crime to distribute within 90 days of an election a deep fake  that is an audio or visual depiction that has been manipulated or created with generative adversarial network techniques, with the intent of harming a party or candidate or otherwise deceiving voters. It is not a crime, nor is there a penalty, if the altered media contains a disclaimer stating This audio/video/image has been altered or artificially generated. There is also provision for civil injunctive relief for a candidate depicted in a deep fake. There are various exceptions to protect speech, expression, and media rights. A violation of this statute is a class B misdemeanor unless the deepfake is intended to cause violence or bodily harm, in which case it is a class A misdemeanor, or if it is a repeat offense within 5 years, in which case it is a class E felony. Pursuant to § 5101 of Title 15, all offenses under this section are heard in Superior Court.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 6 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Sale Of Gift Cards.. Description: This bill creates a requirement for all sellers of third-party gift cards to display a notice of potential scams involving gift cards.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 10 And Title 19 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Exemptions In Bankruptcy And Debt Proceedings.. Description: This Act increases the exemption in bankruptcy and other debt proceedings for a debtors personal residence from $125,000 to $200,000. The exemption has been limited to $125,000 since 2012 while home prices have increased dramatically in the intervening years. It also increases the exemption for tools of the trade and for a vehicle to $25,000 from $15,000.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Prohibitions On Nepotism In State Employment.. Description: This Act requires the Department of Human Resources to develop an executive branch policy restricting nepotism in state employment and prohibiting supervision of a state employee by a relative. It further requires the legislative and judicial branches, as well as offices headed by other elected officials to develop and implement comparable policies.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Designating April 2024 As Alcohol Awareness Month.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution dedicates the month of April 2024 as "Alcohol Awareness Month" in the State of Delaware.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Titles 29 And 30 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Administrative Responsibilities Of The Department Of Finance.. Description: This Act makes several changes to the Code relating to the Department of Finance.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 16 Of The Delaware Code Related To The Delaware Health Care Commission.. Description: This is a substitute for House Bill No. 326.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Chapter 371, Volume 83 Of The Laws Of Delaware Relating To Motorcycle Safety.. Description: Senate Bill No. 288 of the 151st General Assembly (Chapter 371 of Volume 83 of the Laws of Delaware) created a pilot program whereby motorcyclists are permitted to use pulsating headlights as a way to alert other drivers of their presence, without allowing the use of flashing lights that would otherwise be used on emergency vehicles. SB 288 contained a sunset clause providing that the pilot program would expire on January 1, 2025, unless the General Assembly took action to extend or remove the sunset clause. This Act extends the sunset clause until June 30, 2030. The main reason for the extension is that many motorcycle owners have and are continuing to replace their lights with LED technology... up until 2024 the technology of a modulating device was not available for the LED lights only standard lighting had that option. To be able to better see if the pulsating lighting is effective the pilot program should be extended to adequately gauge what the new LED systems effectiveness is.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 21 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Operation Of Vehicles On Approach Of Authorized Emergency Vehicles.. Description: This Act addresses the growing concern over the safety of emergency responders. It increases the penalties for persons who violate this section, which requires drivers to yield the right of way to an emergency vehicle making use of audible or visual signals, or a police vehicle using an audible signal only. The fines are increased and after two penalties, a person who violates this section will be subject to a 90-day suspension of their drivers license. This change in fines and loss of driving privileges increases the penalty to make this a serious offense. This Act also clarifies that a driver who is unable to safely yield the right of way must slow to at least 20 miles per hour less than the posted speed limit.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Appropriations For Retiree Health Insurance.. Description: This Act increases the amount of the annual appropriation to prefund future State employee retiree health insurance as recommended by the Retiree Healthcare Benefits Advisory Subcommittee of the State Employee Benefits Committee. Like other required contributions to the Other Post-Employment Benefits Fund (OPEB) Fund, this appropriation must be included in the review of and plan for proposed expenditures that the Director of the Office of Management and Budget submits to the Governor and in the Governor's Budget Appropriation Bill.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 14 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Teacher Academies.. Description: This Act codifies the teacher academy pathways program that prepares students for careers in elementary and secondary education. Among other things, it requires the DOE to update and revise statewide standards and guidelines for teacher academies and provide technical assistance to local education agencies to meet those standards and guidelines. This Act further requires that teacher academies offer (1) value-added credits to students who have completed the credits required by the initial program of study; and (2) work-based immersion options. Finally, the DOE must publish an annual report summarizing each teacher academy program in the State, including the number of participants in the program and the number of participants who successfully transition to a program or institute of higher learning in the field of education.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Artificial Intelligence Commission.. Description: This Act creates the Delaware Artificial Intelligence ("AI") Commission. This Commission shall be tasked with making recommendations to the General Assembly and Department of Technology and Information on AI utilization and safety within the State of Delaware. The Commission shall additionally conduct an inventory of all Generative AI usage within Delaware's executive, legislative, and judicial agencies and identify high risk areas for the implementation of Generative AI. The Commission will terminate 10 years from enactment unless extended by the General Assembly.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Titles 4 And 30 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Marijuana.. Description: This Act makes several technical and logistical corrections to the Delaware Marijuana Control Act.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 6 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Delaware Limited Liability Company Act.. Description: This Act continues the practice of amending periodically the Delaware Limited Liability Company Act (the LLC Act) to keep it current and to maintain its national preeminence. The following is a section-by-section review of the proposed amendments to the LLC Act:
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 6 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Delaware Revised Uniform Limited Partnership Act.. Description: This Act continues the practice of amending periodically the Delaware Revised Uniform Limited Partnership Act (the LP Act) to keep it current and to maintain its national preeminence. The following is a section-by-section review of the proposed amendments to the LP Act:
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 12 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Creation, Regulation, Operation, And Dissolution Of Domestic Statutory Trusts.. Description: This Act continues the practice of amending periodically the Delaware Statutory Trust Act (the Statutory Trust Act) to keep it current and to maintain its national preeminence. The following is a section-by-section review of proposed amendments to the Statutory Trust Act:
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 6 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Delaware Revised Uniform Partnership Act.. Description: This Act continues the practice of amending periodically the Delaware Revised Uniform Partnership Act (the GP Act) to keep it current and to maintain its national preeminence. The following is a section-by-section review of the proposed amendments to the GP Act:
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 11 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Family Justice Centers.. Description: This Act authorizes the creation of Family Justice Centers within Delaware to provide victims of crime with a single source to obtain resources and support services.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Titles 11 And 24 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Voluntary Firearms Do-not-sell Registry Act.. Description: This Act creates a Voluntary Firearms Do-Not-Sell Registry in which an applicant may voluntarily enroll for the purpose of being prohibited from obtaining a firearm. An individual on the Registry may request removal from the Registry no sooner than 30 days after the individual is entered on the registry. Once an individual requests removal from the Registry, the individual must be removed from the Registry no sooner than 30 days after the removal request. A person who transfers a firearm to an individual in violation of this section is guilty of a class A misdemeanor for a first offense and a class G felony for a subsequent offense. An individual who makes a false statement or representation regarding their identity when requesting inclusion or removal from the Registry shall be guilty of a class A misdemeanor.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 31 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Coverage For Doula Services.. Description: This Act requires Medicaid coverage for additional postpartum visits with a doula upon recommendation of a licensed practitioner or clinician.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Pay Plan For Department Of Transportation Employees. Description: This Act entitles non-exempt Delaware Department of Transportation employees who work over 37.5 hours to be paid at time and a half.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 16 Of The Delaware Code Concerning The Provision Of Lifeguards At Certain Pools.. Description: This Act removes the requirement for a lifeguard at a pool exclusively serving a residential or apartment community not accessible to the general public. Under existing law, a lifeguard is not required at a hotel, motel, or campground. A lifeguard is not required in a family community when the pool is or will ultimately be owned by residents. Requiring a lifeguard at a pool that is not accessible to the public increases the cost for private communities which must be passed on to tenants in the form of higher rent. This legislation aligns the statutory and regulatory requirements so that the lifeguard requirement in a rental community is the same as for a single family residential community, hotel, motel, and campground.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 21 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Veterans' Treatment Court.. Description: This bill codifies that the Superior Court Veterans Treatment Court is a qualified rehabilitation program under § 4177D of Title 21 of the Delaware Code for persons seeking to have their driver's licenses reinstated after a DUI. This Act makes technical corrections to conform existing law to the standards of the Delaware Legislative Drafting Manual.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 16 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Hospital Costs.. Description: This Act creates the Diamond State Hospital Cost Review Board, which will be responsible for an annual review of hospital budgets and related financial information. The Board will have 7 members: 6 appointed by the Governor and confirmed by the Senate, and the Executive Director of the Delaware Healthcare Association. This Act creates a requirement that hospitals submit yearly budgets, audited financial statements, and related financial information to the Board for review.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 21 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Removal Of Motor Vehicles From Private Or Public Property By Private Tow Companies.. Description: This Act creates a new chapter in Title 21 pertaining to the towing of vehicles without the consent of the owner or operator. It makes violations of the chapter an unlawful practice enforceable by the Consumer Protection Unit of the Department of Justice. The Act creates the following requirements for the towing and storage of vehicles without the consent of the owner or operator:
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 21 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Enforcement And Removal Of Abandoned Vehicles.. Description: This Act gives county code enforcement constables the authority to tow abandoned vehicles on private property.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Titles 10 And 11 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Deep Fakes.. Description: This Act provides civil and criminal remedies for the wrongful disclosure of deep fakes that depict individuals in the nude or engaging in sexual conduct. It provides the same remedies as those available under: (1) the Delaware Uniform Civil Remedies for Unauthorized Disclosure of Intimate Images Act, Chapter 78 of Title 10; and (2) a Violation of Privacy offense under §1335 of Title 11. It further provides that when an adult creates a visual depiction of a minor that is nude or engaging in sexual conduct, the adult would be subject to a felony prosecution, rather than a misdemeanor prosecution.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 14 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Enrollment Priority Of Military-connected Students.. Description: This Act gives the dependent children of active military members, full-time Delaware National Guard members, and active duty members of a reserve component of the US military priority in choice and charter enrollment.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 16 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Marijuana.. Description: This Act provides legal protections for financial institutions and other entities that provide financial or accounting services to cannabis-related businesses that are licensed or registered under Delaware law. Specifically, it clarifies that banks, credit unions, armored car services, and providers of accounting services are not subject to prosecution under Delaware law merely by providing lawful services to licensed businesses engaged in the production, distribution and sale of cannabis in Delaware. This Act aims to facilitate the operation of cannabis-related businesses by helping to ensure that such businesses have access to necessary financial and accounting services.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Titles 10 And 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Concurrent Jurisdiction Of Juveniles Who Commit Crimes On United States Military Installations.. Description: On military installations subject to exclusive federal jurisdiction, the investigation and prosecution of juveniles for alleged violation of federal crimes is conducted in the federal court system. The federal court system often tries juveniles as adults and it lacks juvenile-focused resources. Federal law, however, permits the State to accept concurrent jurisdiction over juvenile matters on military installations if a request is made by a United States official and the Governor, via Executive Order, accepts the request.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 6, Title 10, Title 11, And Title 24 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Weapons.. Description: This Act is the product of the work of the Firearms Definition Task Force (Task Force), which was created by this General Assembly under Senate Concurrent Resolution No. 102.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 24 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Board Of Elevator Mechanics.. Description: This Act serves to clean up certain sections of the Boards Practice Act. Required statutory language omitted due to oversight have been added, such as standards for reciprocity, issuance and renewal of licenses, and hearing procedures. The requirements for a public Board member have been clarified. Finally, inapplicable terms, such as master elevator mechanic, have been removed.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 18 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Coverage For Doula Services.. Description: In 2023, the General Assembly passed House Bill 80, which required the coverage of doula services under the States Medicaid plan beginning in 2024. This Act would require similar coverage under private health insurance plans.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 25 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Rights Of Tenant Employees.. Description: This Act requires a landlord who provides a dwelling place to a person as part of their employment compensation to provide them with a disclosure form advising them of the conditions and requirements for occupancy and vacancy of the premises once they are no longer employed for the landlord. The disclosure must inform the tenant employee that the landlord must offer the tenant, within 5 business days of termination by the employer, the opportunity to enter into a written rental agreement, if no rental agreement is in effect already. No offer for a rental agreement is necessary if the tenant employee is terminated for cause. The landlord may condition the rental agreement on the person financially qualifying as a tenant and meeting the landlords income, credit, or other financial requirements for renting the unit. This Act also lengthens the time period the landlord must wait before bringing a summary possession action against a formerly employed tenant from 15 days to 30 days unless the termination is for cause.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 18 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Cancer Coverage.. Description: This Act requires that individual, blanket, and group health insurance carriers cover drug treatment for the associated conditions of metastatic cancer in the same way treatment for metastatic cancer is covered. Specifically, it requires insurance companies to cover any FDA approved drug prescribed to treat the side effects of metastatic cancer treatment and prohibits insurance companies from mandating that patients first fail to respond to a different drug or prove a history of failure of such drug. Technical changes are also made to comply with the Delaware Legislative Drafting Manual.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend The Charter Of The Town Of Frankford Relating To Taxation.. Description: This Bill amends the Charter of the Town of Frankford. In Section 15 of the Charter, it allows the town of Frankford to levy a Real Estate Transfer Tax up to one and a half percent of the sale price, as opposed to the current provision, which allows for one percent of the sale price.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Technology Investment Council.. Description: This Act sunsets the Technology Investment Council ("TIC"). The Joint Legislative Oversight and Sunset Committee ("JLOSC") reviewed TIC in 2022 and, as a result of the review, JLOSC sponsored House Bill No. 357 of the 151st General Assembly. HB 357 updated TIC's statute to streamline operations and prevent redundancies. In February 2024, TIC submitted a memorandum to JLOSC, explaining all of the following:
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 14 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Provider Advisory Board And The Extended Learning Opportunities Subcommittee.. Description: This Act sunsets the Provider Advisory Board (Board) and is a result of the Joint Legislative Oversight and Sunset Committee's ("JLOSC") review of the Board. The Board was created in 2011 at JLOSC's recommendation when it reviewed the Office of Child Care Licensing ("OCCL"). The original purpose of the Board was to advise the OCCL regarding the adoption, promulgation, and amendment of rules and regulations required to carry out the Delaware Child Care Act, focusing on early care and education, family child care homes, and school age centers. In 2019, the Board's purpose was expanded to encourage OCCL to communicate with providers and encourage OCCL to enforce the Delaware Child Care Act in a manner that recognizes that most child care providers are private businesses that need stable and reasonable regulations.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 14 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Delaware Early Childhood Council.. Description: This Act is a result of the Joint Legislative Oversight and Sunset Committee's ("JLOSC") review of the Provider Advisory Board ("Board"). Based on its findings, JLOSC recommended sunsetting the Board, which is addressed in separate legislation. This Act fulfills JLOSC's related recommendation, to add a third center-based early care and education provider to the Delaware Early Childhood Council ("DECC").
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 24 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Delaware Association Of Professional Engineers.. Description: This Act amends Chapter 28 of Title 24 of the Delaware Code to define "successor professional engineer" as a professional engineer who assumes responsible charge of a project, or component of a project, and uses or relies upon the work of the professional engineer who was previously in responsible charge and sealed pertinent documents. The new Section 2832 delineates the acceptable parameters for a successor professional engineer's use or reliance upon work performed by the previous professional engineer in responsible charge. These revisions will both inform licensees of the permissible use of another professional engineer's work and ensure that the recipient of services can identify the responsible professional engineer. The Council for the Delaware Association of Professional Engineers solicited feedback from and held committee meetings with various stakeholders who contributed to drafting of this Act. The Council approved this Act.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 18 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The State Fire Prevention Commission, Fire Companies Or Departments, And The State Insurance Coverage Office.. Description: This Act changes how the Insurance Commissioner and the State Treasurer provide for distributions from taxes collected by the Insurance Commissioner to be made to fire companies or departments in Delaware. The current method for reporting, calculating, and making distributions to fire companies or departments is complex to administer and can lead to incorrect payments. This Act simplifies the reporting process and provides a new method for calculating the funds distributed to fire departments and companies in the City of Wilmington, New Castle County outside of Wilmington, Kent County, and Sussex County. Specifically, it reduces the number of payments per year from two to one, gives the Insurance Commissioner more time to ensure the accuracy of insurer-reported financial data, and establishes detailed guidelines for how the funds should be distributed to the various fire companies or departments. This Act also makes changes to the reporting requirements related to payments made by the State Treasurer to the State Insurance Coverage Office.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 25 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Delaware Manufactured Homes And Manufactured Home Communities Act.. Description: This Substitute bill clarifies that the definition of day does not include Saturday, Sunday, any federal holiday, or any State legal holiday when the specified number of days is 12 or less. When the specified number of days is more than 12 days, day means a calendar day. If the first or last day falls on a Saturday, Sunday, federal holiday, or State holiday under § 501 of Title 1, the date shall be extended to the next business day.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code To Enable The Office Of Highway Safety To Solicit And Receive Funds To Further Its Safety Mission.. Description: This Act amends Chapter 49 of Title 29 to enable the Office of Highway Safety to solicit and receive subscriptions, donations, and other funds from individuals or organizations for the purpose of implementing highway safety programs and projects that support the mission of reducing traffic fatalities and injuries in Delaware.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Titles 10 And 24 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Fertility Treatment.. Description: This Act updates House Bill 455 from the 151st General Assembly by providing the same legal protections afforded providers of contraceptive and abortion services to providers of fertility treatment. In summary, this Act does the following:
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Payment Of Premium Or Subscription Charges By Eligible Pensioners.. Description: This Act implements a recommendation from the December 31, 2023, Report of the Retiree Healthcare Benefits Advisory Subcommittee. Under this Act, the amount of the premium for a health-care insurance plan that this State will pay on behalf of eligible pensioners who were first employed as a regular officer or employee on or after January 1, 2025, and who are not subject to mandatory retirement, is changed as follows:
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To State Health Care Insurance.. Description: This Act implements a recommendation from the December 31, 2023, Report of the Retiree Healthcare Benefits Advisory Subcommittee. Under this Act, the state group health insurance program must include a pensioner coordination of benefits policy for eligible pensioners who were first employed by the State on or after January 1, 2015, and are eligible for health care coverage through their employer that is not through a plan under Chapter 52 of Title 29. The new pensioner coordination of benefits policy begins July 1, 2027, and must be comparable to the exiting coordination of benefits policy for the spouse of a state group health insurance program participant who is eligible for health care coverage through the spouse's own employer. This Act also codifies the existing spousal coordination of benefits policies for the state group health insurance program.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To State Health Care Insurance.. Description: This Act implements a recommendation from the December 31, 2023, Report of the Retiree Healthcare Benefits Advisory Subcommittee (RHBAS). Under this Act, the State must continue to offer eligible pensioners first employed by the State as a regular officer or employee (first employed) before January 1, 2025, a plan that is comparable to the current Special Medicfill Medicare Supplement plan. However, for eligible pensioners first employed on or after January 1, 2025, the State may offer different Medicare supplement plans that are not high deductible plans.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 6 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Health Spa Regulation.. Description: This Act requires health spas selling subscription services online to provide a prospective buyer of such a subscription the right to cancel the automatic renewal online. The option to cancel is also to be presented on the website in a clear and conspicuous manner to simplify such cancellation for the buyer.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act Amend Title 18 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Insurance Payments.. Description: This Bill would reinstate language formerly in the Delaware Code which would permit insurance agents to issue checks to policyholders in time sensitive situations without having to qualify as claims adjusters. This practice would be subject to regulation by the Department of Insurance.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 14 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Vision Screening.. Description: This Act requires that public school students receive a vision screening, including a test for color blindness, in kindergarten. Students must also receive vision screenings at appropriate intervals in grades 1 through 12, to be determined by the DOE.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Titles 18 And 24 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Prohibiting Discrimination Against 340b Drugs And Covered Entities By Manufacturers And Pharmacy Benefits Managers.. Description: This substitute for House Bill 383 does the following:
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 4, Title 5, Title 6, Title 7, Title 9, Title 10, Title 11, Title 14, Title 16, Title 18, Title 19, Title 21, Title 24, Title 26, Title 29, And Title 30 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Technical Corrections.. Description: Throughout 2023, the Code Revisors provided the General Assembly with potential technical corrections that the Code Revisors identified as the Code Revisors revised the Delaware Code to reflect legislation that was enacted by the 152nd General Assembly in 2023 or as the Code Revisors reviewed titles of the Code. While technical in nature, these changes are beyond the authority of the Code Revisors to make and can only be done by the General Assembly through legislation. This Act also includes technical corrections identified outside of those provided by the Code Revisors.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 24 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Massage And Bodywork.. Description: Section 1 of this Act revises the definition of massage establishment by repealing the exemption for all business establishments licensed under other chapters of Title 24. This exemption allows a massage practitioner to work in a licensed cosmetology shop that does not hold a massage establishment license. In that situation, the cosmetology shop can have an identified professional-in-charge responsible for the operation of the cosmetology shop and its employees, but that individual is not responsible for the massage practitioners. This means that the professional-in-charge responsible for the cosmetology shop cannot be held responsible for the wrongful actions of a massage practitioner, which adversely impacts the disciplinary process. With this exemption repealed, a cosmetology shop offering massage services is required to have both a massage establishment license and a licensed massage practitioner as the professional-in-charge responsible for the actions of all massage practitioners providing services on the premises.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Disadvantaged Business Enterprises In The State Procurement System.. Description: This Act is the result of a successful pilot project involving disadvantaged business enterprises in State contracts. In 2023, Section 189 of Senate Bill No. 35, as amended by Senate Amendment No. 2, authorized the Office of Management and Budget (OMB) to engage in a pilot program to include Disadvantaged Business Enterprises (DBE) as part of large public works projects. If an agency elects to award based on best value, this Act allows for projects, valued in excess of $30,000,000, to be scored using DBE usage of at least 10% but no more than 30%. This Act also makes technical corrections to conform existing law to the standards of the Delaware Legislative Drafting Manual.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 28 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Charitable Gaming.. Description: This Substitute for House Bill No. 389, like House Bill No. 389, provides for an annual raffle license that will allow a licensee to hold up to 20 raffle events each year, requires the licensee to notify the Board at least 7 days prior to a raffle event, and requires a report to the Board after a raffle is conducted.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Name The Hill On The East Bank Of Mill Creek Located On New Castle Parcel Number 08-025-00-018 As Lieutenant Mcmichaels Hill Of Eminence.. Description: This bill names the hill east of Mill Creek situated on New Castle County parcel number 08-025-00-018 as Lieutenant McMichaels Hill of Eminence. This was the site of the action during the Revolutionary War that was the most impactful combat event that occurred on Delaware soil.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 3 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Dairy Operation Risk Management Coverage.. Description: The United States Department of Agriculture runs a voluntary program that provides risk management coverage to dairy producers that pays out based on the difference between the national price of milk and the average cost of feed. This Act enables the Delaware Department of Agriculture, subject to the availability of funding, to reimburse eligible dairy operators in the state for the cost of the premium to enroll in the USDA program.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 31 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Adult Protective Services.. Description: This Act is a result of the Joint Legislative Oversight and Sunset Committee's ("JLOSC") review of Adult Protective Services ("APS"). JLOSC approved recommendations to modify several areas of the APS statute, Chapter 39 of Title 31. Based on the recommendations, this Act does all of the following:
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend The Charter Of The Town Of Delmar Relating To Nominations And Elections And The Power To Borrow Money And Issue Bonds.. Description: This Bill amends the Charter of the Town of Delmar in multiple respects. In Section 7 of the Charter, which involves Nominations and Elections, every person over the age of 18 years who has resided in the town for 30 days prior to the election will be permitted to vote in the election, as opposed to the previous six-month residency requirement. The Town of Delmar will also adopt the State's Voter Registration System as the source of its list of registered voters but reserves the right to deny any names from the list of voters who have moved from the Town, no longer own property within the Town, or are otherwise disqualified from voting. Section 24 of the Charter is also amended to raise the permissible bond amount to be authorized via resolution by Town Council from one million to 10 million dollars.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 17 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Establishment Of Department Of Transportation Ownership Of Abandoned Land Encumbered By The Departments Right-of-way Easements.. Description: The purpose of this Act is to reduce the cost to the State in addressing ownership of land encumbered by public right-of-way permanent easements when the land has been abandoned by a prior owner and a current owner cannot be located. This Act will allow the Department, in the name of the State, to obtain fee simple ownership of land encumbered by right-of-ways, previously conveyed to the Department by permanent easement, when such right-of-ways are part of a current Department project. This Act requires the Department to promulgate regulations to establish the procedures for establishing that the land has been abandoned and for recording its fee simple ownership of the land.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend The Charter Of The City Of Seaford Relating To Fire Department Appropriations.. Description: This Act amends the City of Seaford Charter to remove the section regarding Fire Department Appropriations, specifically, the City Council's authority to set aside or appropriate up to ten percent of real estate taxes to provide for and maintain the equipment of the Seaford Volunteer Fire Department. It also removes the obligation of the President of the Fire Department to submit an annual report to the City Council.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 15 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Primary Elections.. Description: This Act moves the date of primary elections for statewide office, county office, and municipal office to the fourth Tuesday in April, which is the date of the presidential primary (in presidential election years). The dates for submitting and withdrawing notification of candidacy have been adjusted accordingly, as have the dates for notice of filing fees and background checks. Section 4 changes the closed period in which a voter is not allowed to change his or her political affiliation to match the 60-day limit in 15 Del. C. § 3189 for presidential primaries. This Act is applicable to all primary elections after December 31, 2025.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 16 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Lead Screening Or Test Results.. Description: This Act amends Section 2603 of Title 16 to require the Division of Public Health to provide the results of lead screenings or tests to school nurses and require contracts or computer upgrades to include lead results.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 16 Of The Delaware Code Relating To County Building Codes.. Description: This Act requires new schools and state buildings over 50,000 square feet to meet certain requirements to ensure that the building's roof is able to support solar energy infrastructure.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 7 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Department Of Natural Resources And Environmental Control And Transparency In Public Hearings.. Description: This substitute bill requires the Secretary of DNREC to follow certain procedures when conducting public hearings, while giving discretion to the Secretary in choosing which hearings the procedures apply to.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 9 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Assessment Functions In All County Governments.. Description: This Act transfers the sections pertaining to assessment functions and the New Castle County Board of Assessment Review from the subchapter governing the functions of the Department of Land Use to the subchapter governing the functions of the Department of Administration and updates reference to the Department of Land Use to the Office of Finance in Chapter 83 of Title 9. It changes the New Castle County Board of Assessment Review from 8 members appointed by New Castle County Council and 1 member appointed by the County Executive, with the advice and consent of County Council, to 8 regular members and 3 alternate members appointed by New Castle County Council and 1 regular member appointed by the County Executive, with the advice and consent of County Council.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 3 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Lyme Disease.. Description: To address the significant spread and impact of Lyme Disease in Delaware, this bill creates a Lyme Disease intervention fund. The fund shall be overseen by the Department of Agriculture and shall have the goal of reducing the prevalence of Lyme disease and potential for contracting Lyme disease on State owned lands. The Department shall investigate the best ways to do that, focusing on ones that are the most effective, environmentally sensitive, and innovative. The Department of Agriculture will coordinate its efforts in the administration of the fund with the Division of Public Health and the Department of Natural Resources. The Joint Finance Committee shall determine the yearly amount of the fund.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 10 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Juvenile Offender Civil Citation Program.. Description: This Act removes the requirement that a juvenile can only be referred to the the Juvenile Offender Civil Citation Program a second or subsequent time if the juveniles prior referral was for a different offense than the second referral, allowing a juvenile to be referred for the same offense if the juvenile is otherwise qualified.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 21 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Licensed Transporters.. Description: This Act establishes an application process, policies, procedures, operational instructions, and requirements for licensed transporters to obtain and use transporter license plates when transporting vehicles.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 4 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Marijuana Conversion Licenses.. Description: This Act creates a temporary conversion license for existing medical marijuana compassion centers to operate for recreational marijuana purposes, and sets forth requirements to obtain a conversion license and to operate under such a license. This Act also specifies that conversion licenses may not be issued after November 1, 2024 and expire after 48 months, at which time the license may be renewed as an open license.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 21 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Unique Vehicles.. Description: This Act defines a Unique vehicle as one not manufactured to meet all Federal Motor Vehicle Safety Standards (FMVSS) in effect for the model year in which it was manufactured or which does not meet the requirements of the Division of Natural Resources and Environmental Control (DNREC) emissions inspection program. It identifies the requirements for those vehicles to be titled, registered, and branded for operation within this State.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Establishing The Legislative Hall Art And History Advisory Commission.. Description: Section 1 of this Act establishes the Legislative Hall Art and History Advisory Commission ("Commission"). The Commission is established to advise and make recommendations to Legislative Council regarding art, monuments, and historical exhibits to be displayed in Legislative Hall or on the grounds of Legislative Hall.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 16 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Membership Requirements For Volunteer Firefighters.. Description: This bill seeks to amend sections of Chapter 66 concerning the members of Delaware Volunteer Fire Departments. This bill will hold current members to the same standards as applicants with relation to criminal activity.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing May 18, 2024, As "armed Forces Day".. Description: This Concurrent Resolution recognizes May 18, 2024, as Armed Forces Day in Delaware.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 21 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Low-speed Vehicles.. Description: This Act raises the gross vehicle weight rating (GVWR) of a low-speed vehicle from less than 2,500 pounds to 3,000 pounds or less.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 10 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Statute Of Limitations For Civil Claims Based On Sexual Abuse Of A Minor.. Description: Survivors of child sexual abuse that occurred in this State who have been barred from filing suit against their abusers by virtue of the expiration of the former civil statute of limitations, shall be permitted to file those claims in the Superior Court of this State at any time. This is intended to apply retroactively.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend The Charter Of The Town Of Laurel Relating To Collection Of Annual Taxes And Enumeration Of Powers.. Description: This Act amends the Town of Laurel Charter to allow for an increase in the permitted late fee charged for unpaid taxes from three percent (3%) to five percent (5%) per annum for each month such taxes remain unpaid.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 13 Of The Delaware Code Relating To New Luggage For Children In The Custody Of The Department Of Services For Children, Youth, And Their Families.. Description: This Act requires the Department of Services for Children, Youth, and Their Families (DSCYF) to provide new luggage to children in foster care to use for the transportation of their personal belongings when entering custody, moving from one placement to another, or exiting custody, and makes clear that disposable bags and trash bags may not be used for these purposes. It requires the Department to establish and maintain an inventory of new luggage for this purpose. The Department must annually provide a report containing a current accounting of supply inventory and inventory management procedures.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 4 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Farm Wineries.. Description: This Act permits a farm winery to apply for a license for use of a portion of the farm winery premises as a restaurant.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Titles 4 And 16 Relating To Medical Marijuana.. Description: This Act moves the Office of Medical Marijuana, which is currently under the Department of Health and Social Services to the Office of the Marijuana Commissioner within the Department of Safety and Homeland Security. Under this Act, the Marijuana Commissioner, rather than DHSS, will be responsible for administering the Delaware Medical Marijuana Act, which includes the following tasks: (1) Registration and certification of safety compliance facilities and compassion centers; (2) Issuance of registry identification cards; (3) Registration of qualifying patients and designated caregivers; and (4) Updating rules and regulations under the Delaware Medical Marijuana Act.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 11 Relating To Medical Services.. Description: This Act ensures that pregnant women in DOC custody, at Level IV or V, are able to meet with a doula or midwife to create a birth plan surrounding the birth of their child. Among other things, the birth plan must include a statement identifying a preferred childcare provider and whether the new mother wishes to express breast milk for the child. This Act further requires that the DOC publish an annual report regarding the use of doula and midwifery services within the DOC. This Act also makes technical corrections to conform existing law to the standards of the Delaware Legislative Drafting Manual.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To State Procurement.. Description: This Act corrects, clarifies, and amends Title 29, Chapter 69 which articulates state procurement guidelines and procedures. The changes to the chapter realign some responsibilities from the Director of the Office of Management and Budget to the Director of the Section of Government Support Services (Section) within the Office of Management and Budget. Additional chapter amendments include the addition of processes to Subchapter VI, Professional Services, and authorizes the Section to lead some mandatory use Professional Services contracting efforts. The Professional Services changes made are similar to the processes and procedures as identified in other subchapters of Chapter 69. The changes will not impact the vendor community.
In 2024, Delaware enrolled a bill titled: An Act Proposing Amendments To The Delaware Constitution Relating To Technical Corrections.. Description: This Act is the first leg of an amendment to the Delaware Constitution to make technical corrections to the Delaware Constitution.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 7 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Use And Regulation Of Live Bait In Tidal And Nontidal Waters Of The State.. Description: A major environmental concern is the spread of pathogens and invasive species across water bodies. The use of live bait in both non-tidal and tidal waters can inadvertently result in the transfer of invasive species and pathogens to new waters. Freshwater ecosystems are particularly susceptible to invasive species spreading disease and destroying Delawares native species and freshwater habitats.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 16 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Delaware Institute Of Medical Education And Research.. Description: This Act updates provisions of the code covering the Delaware Institute of Medical Education Research (DIMER), which creates partnerships with out-of-state medical schools as an alternative to creating a state sponsored medical school. Specifically, this Act does the following:
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 19 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Unemployment Compensation.. Description: This Act revises the experience rating methodology for assigning unemployment assessment rates to employers under the Unemployment Insurance Code in Delaware, replacing the current benefit wage ratio methodology with the benefit ratio methodology used by 19 other states. The new methodology is meant to be more responsive to changes in the economy over time, to better sustain the solvency of the Unemployment Trust Fund, and to be easier to administer. The unemployment assessment rate for an employer under this new methodology would be calculated by combining a benefit ratio assessment, an employer size add-on, and an employer industry add-on. The supplemental tax for operations and technology costs that is already included in the Unemployment Code would continue to be added to each employer's overall assessment rate. This bill also reduces new employer unemployment assessment rates and phases in a permanent taxable wage base over three years- $12,500 for calendar year 2025, $14,500 for calendar year 2026, and $16,500 for calendar year 2027 and thereafter. The new methodology would be in effect beginning calendar year 2027. Until the effective date of that new tax rate structure, this Act would also provide temporary relief to employers who pay unemployment tax assessments in calendar year 2025 and 2026 by reducing new employer tax rates, simplifying tax rate schedules, reducing or holding constant overall employer tax rates, and reducing the maximum earned rate.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Delaware Commission Of Veterans' Affairs.. Description: This bill modifies the Delaware Commission of Veterans Affairs employee requirements to make the Executive Director an exempt position, and to allow the hiring of non-veteran employees when needed. This will positively impact veteran families by reducing the wait for interment in state veterans cemeteries. These changes also make technical corrections and clarify the commissions authority to accredit claims representatives to support veterans in accessing their earned benefits.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Titles 6 And 25 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Housing Status Discrimination In Housing And Property.. Description: Delaware law prohibits discrimination on the basis of protected characteristics in housing and property transactions. This Act would add "housing status" as a protected characteristic.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend The Delaware Code Relating To Housing Status Discrimination In Employment And Professional Activities.. Description: Delaware law prohibits discrimination on the basis of protected characteristics in employment and professional activities. This Act would add "housing status" as a protected characteristic.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act Creating An Affordable Housing Production Task Force.. Description: This Act creates the Affordable Housing Production Task Force (Task Force). The purpose and mission of the Task Force is to investigate and make findings and rcommendations to the Governor and the General Assembly on how the State and local governments can increase the production of affordable rental units and homes in Delaware.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The State Cocktail.. Description: This Act designates the Orange Crush as the State cocktail.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 18 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Line Of Duty Death Benefits.. Description: This Act adds 911 dispatchers as covered persons for purposes of line of duty death benefits.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: A Bond And Capital Improvements Act Of The State Of Delaware And Certain Of Its Authorities For The Fiscal Year Ending June 30, 2025; Authorizing The Issuance Of General Obligation Bonds Of The State; Appropriating Funds From The Transportation Trust Fund; Authorizing The Issuance Of Revenue Bonds Of The Delaware Transportation Authority; Appropriating Special Funds Of The Delaware Transportation Authority; Appropriating General Funds Of The State; Reprogramming Certain Funds Of The State; Specifying Certain Procedures, Conditions And Limitations For The Expenditure Of Such Funds; And Amending Certain Statutory Provisions.. Description: This Bill is the Fiscal Year 2025 Bond and Capital Improvements Act.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 25 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Residential Landlord-tenant Code.. Description: This Act is a substitute for Senate Bill No. 1. Like Senate Bill No. 1, this Act creates a right to representation for tenants in evictions and other landlord-tenant actions.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 11, Title 24, And Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Deadly Weapons.. Description: This Act is a substitute for Senate Bill No. 2. Like Senate Bill No. 2 this Act does all of the following:
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 7 Of The Delaware Code And Chapter 108, Volume 62 Of The Laws Of Delaware, As Amended By Chapter 99, Volume 72 Of The Laws Of Delaware, Relating To Clarifying The Warner Grant Trust And The Jurisdiction Of The Court Of Chancery As Arbiter Of Disputes Regarding The Warner Grant Trust Land.. Description: In 1682 or 1683, the Sussex County Court, created by William Penn, created the land grant that is the subject of this Act (Warner Grant). As this Act describes, the Warner Grant consists of land in and adjacent to the City of Lewes largely consisting of what is now Cape Henlopen State Park. As the United States District Court for Delaware would later find, the Warner Grant created a right of common held in trust for the benefit the people of Lewes and Sussex County. See United States v. 1,010.8 Acres Situate in Sussex County, 56 F. Supp. 120 (D. Del. 1944).
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The State Energy Office.. Description: This Bill amends the Delaware Energy Act, Title 29 of the Delaware Code, Chapter 80, Subchapter II, by updating and expanding upon the duties of the State Energy Office (located in the Department of Natural Resources and Environmental Controls Division of Climate, Coastal and Energy). In Section 1 of the Bill, the General Assembly finds and declares that: (a) Planning for Delaware's energy future is vitally important to Delawares economy and all of its citizens; (b) Developments in the energy sector of the economy are proceeding at a fast pace, and devoting state resources to the energy sector will be beneficial; and (c) Transforming the delivery of energy to end users is expected to require new programs, planning, and workforce training. Section 1 of the Bill also declares the intent of the General Assembly to provide for the development and implementation of State energy policy and programs in accordance with the State Energy Plan, the State Climate Action Plan, and other documents developed by the Governor's Energy Advisor Council and adopted by the State Energy Office.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 6 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Medical Debt.. Description: This Act is the second substitute for Senate Bill No. 8. Like Senate Bill No. 8 and its first substitute, this Act protects patients from unfair debt collection practices for medical debt, including prohibiting large health care facilities from charging interest and late fees, requiring facilities to offer reasonable payment plans, limiting the sale of debt to debt collectors unless an agreement is made to keep protections in place, providing minimum time before certain collections actions may be taken, limiting liability for the medical debt of others, and preventing the reporting of medical debt to consumer credit reporting agencies for at least one year after the debt was incurred. Violations of the provisions of this Act are considered Prohibited Trade Practices and Consumer Fraud violations. Senate Substitute 1 for Senate Bill No. 8 differed from Senate Bill No. 8 as it required large health-care facilities to provide information to uninsured patients regarding eligibility and the application process for medical assistance. This information must be provided at the time of service or prior to discharge and again with each billing statement. It also created a minimum threshold for eligibility for payment plans, and it reduced the timeframe in which a bill under a payment plan may be first due. The first substitute also defined medical assistance and time of service, which were not defined in Senate Bill No. 8.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 16 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Lead-based Paint.. Description: Although lead-based paint is prevalent in many Delaware residences and causes extraordinary neurological damage in children, including seizures, behavioral disorders, developmental delays, and cognitive disabilities, Delaware does not have a comprehensive system to eliminate lead-based paint from those residences where children are still exposed to lead. This Act creates such a system, including:
In 2024, Delaware enrolled a bill titled: An Act Proposing An Amendment To Article I Of The Delaware Constitution Relating To Criminal Procedures.. Description: This is a substitute for Senate Bill No. 11. Like Senate Bill No. 11, this Act is the first leg of a constitutional amendment to modernize the bail provisions within the Delaware Constitution and clarify the power of the General Assembly to enumerate certain felony offenses for which, or circumstances under which, pretrial release on bail may not be allowed. And, like Senate Bill No. 11, any statute designating a felony offense for which a person can be subjected to pretrial detention without bail must be enacted by an act of the General Assembly that receives the concurrence of a two-thirds majority of each House of the General Assembly.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 11 Of The Delaware Code And Chapter 72, Volume 83 Of The Laws Of Delaware Relating To Pretrial Release And Detention.. Description: This Act amends Delawares laws regarding release of persons accused of crimes (Chapter 21 of Title 11 of the Delaware Code) as required in conjunction with the enactment of an amendment to § 12 of Article I of the Delaware Constitution permitting preventive detention, as proposed by Senate Bill No. 11 of the 152nd General Assembly.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Titles 16 And 30 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Hospital Quality Assessments And Establishment Of A Hospital Quality And Health Equity Fund And Hospital Quality And Health Equity Assessment Commission.. Description: Healthcare facility assessments are currently the second largest source of funding for states shares of Medicaid costs, behind general funds. Today, 49 states have at least one facility assessment in place, including Delaware, while 34 states and Washington D.C. have 3 or more provider taxes. Delaware is one of only 6 states without a facility assessment on hospitals, causing the state to miss out on critical Medicaid funding that most states are already able to access.
In 2024, Delaware enrolled a bill titled: An Act Proposing An Amendment To Article Iii Of The Delaware Constitution Relating To Members Of The Governor's Cabinet.. Description: The governance of this State relies on the qualifications and performance of the members of the Governors cabinet. The General Assembly finds that the confirmation process is an important step to ensure the qualifications and performance of the Governors cabinet.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 14, Title 20, Title 29, And Title 31 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Members Of The Governor's Cabinet.. Description: The governance of this State relies on the qualifications and performance of the members of the Governors cabinet. The General Assembly finds that the confirmation process is an important step to ensure the qualifications and performance of the Governors cabinet.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 14 And Title 29 Of The Delaware Code And Chapter 187 Of Volume 81 Of The Laws Of Delaware Relating To Donated Leave.. Description: The primary purpose of this Act is to remove the requirement that a public school district employee who donates leave to another employee must donate 2 days of leave for the other employee to receive 1 day of leave.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 31 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Establishing The Delaware Workforce Housing Program.. Description: This Act establishes the Delaware Workforce Housing Program" (DWHP). Modeled after the Downtown Development District Program, the DWHP allows a qualified workforce housing investor to be reimbursed through a grant up to 20 percent of the capital costs associated with workforce housing units they create.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 30 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Realty Transfer Tax.. Description: This Act exempts contracts for the construction of affordable housing units from the 2% realty transfer tax imposed under 30 Del. C. § 5402(f).
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: An Act Concurring In A Proposed Amendment To Article V Of The Delaware Constitution Relating To Elections.. Description: This Act is the second leg of a constitutional amendment that would update the minimum voting age in the Delaware Constitution from twenty-one years to eighteen years. The first leg of this constitutional amendment was Senate Bill No. 294 of the 151st General Assembly, which became Chapter 350 of Volume 83 of the Laws of Delaware. On passage of this second leg by this General Assembly this amendment will become part of the Delaware Constitution.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 10 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Limitation Of Actions For Work, Labor, Or Personal Services.. Description: This Act increases the statute of limitations for filing an action for recovery upon a claim for unpaid wages from 1 year to 2 years, making it consistent with the statute of limitations under the federal Fair Labor Standards Act, 29 U.S.C. §§ 201, et seq. Many employees who are terminated spend the first period of unemployment attempting to secure other employment. After this focus on finding employment ends, 1 year may have passed or be about to pass, preventing employees who are owed wages from a previous employer from seeking legal redress.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 24 Of The Delaware Code And Chapter 420 Of Volume 83 Of The Laws Of Delaware Relating To Dentistry And Dental Hygiene.. Description: This Act provides that if a dentist holds a community health license to care for underserved populations through a federally-qualified health center or a government-operated dental clinic and continues to practice in compliance with § 1132B(b) of Title 24 of the Delaware Code, the dentists license is renewable and shall be renewed biennially by the State Board of Dentistry and Dental Hygiene.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The State Employee Benefits Consolidation Act.. Description: To foster sustainability in state retiree healthcare benefits and the development of a plan for strong benefits beyond the current Medicare Supplement plan offered through January 1, 2024, this Act does all of the following:
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 7 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Silviculture.. Description: This Act clarifies what constitutes a sawmill under Delaware law and adds definitions related to agriculture and silviculture. This Act recognizes forest products as unadulterated materials and makes clear their importance to support a thriving industry that maintains sustainable and healthy forests. This Act also makes technical corrections to conform existing law to the standards of the Delaware Legislative Drafting Manual.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 18 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Primary Care Coverage.. Description: This Act corrects a technical error in SB 227 (149th General Assembly) by establishing requirements for group and blanket health insurance plans that align with existing requirements for individual and State employee health insurance plans. As introduced, SB 227 specified that coverage for chronic care management under all 3 of these health insurance plan types cannot be subject to patient deductibles, copayments, or fees. Senate Amendment 1 to SB 227 made various intentional changes to SB 227 but also accidentally deleted the line that applied this chronic care management requirement to group and blanket plans. SB 227, as amended, passed both chambers unanimously. As a result, since January 1, 2019, there has been an unintentional difference in the requirements between the plan types. This Act corrects that divergence.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 14 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Education.. Description: The bill adds visual impairments including blindness to the list of programs to be conducted on a 12-month schedule.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Department Of Services For Children, Youth And Their Families.. Description: This bill adopts a key recommendation of the Child Protection Accountability Commission Caseloads and Workloads final report approved on November 20, 2019, that Division of Family Services (DFS) caseload standards be reduced from 18 to 12 families per worker. Due to the volume of work generated by a caseload of 18 families, workers are significantly restricted in the time they can spend on critical case activities such as family engagement, assessment of safety, and face-to-face contact with children and families.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 24 And Title 28 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Public Accommodations.. Description: On March 1, 1875, the federal Civil Rights Act was enacted. Following the end of the Civil War and the adoption of the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Amendments, the goal of the Civil Rights Act of 1875 was to guarantee Blacks equal treatment in places of public accommodation and on public transportation.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 11 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Missing Persons.. Description: According to the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children, an estimated 800,000 children are reported missing each year.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Council On Libraries.. Description: This Act is the result of the Joint Legislative Oversight and Sunset Committee's review of the Council on Libraries ("Council"). This Act updates the Council's membership composition, defines quorum, and adds other standard provisions, including member compensation and removal.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 14 Of The Delaware Code Relating To School Employee Leave.. Description: This Act provides teachers and other school employees with the same protection to be absent without a loss of pay as State merit employees for all of the following reasons:
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend The Laws Of Delaware Relating To The Bond And Capital Improvements Act Of The State Of Delaware And Certain Of Its Authorities For The Fiscal Year Ending June 30, 2023.. Description: This Act amends the Fiscal Year 2023 Bond and Capital Improvements Act to (1) authorize the use of School Safety and Security Funds for school extracurricular activities; (2) authorize local funding to support Enhanced Minor Capital Improvements and the remediation of lead contaminated drinking water infrastructures; (3) adjust the procurement thresholds for the issuance of formal bids or RFPs; (4) authorize the Department of Transportation to use Community Transportation Funds for one-time reimbursements for various projects; (5) make changes to the Criminal Legal System Imposed Debt Study Group; (6) authorize the Department of Transportation Reprogramming Transfer; (7) authorize funding to complete the facility drainage project of Absalom Jones Performing Arts Center; (8) authorize the donation of the Division of Communications Shelter to the University of Delaware; (9) authorize the use of funding until the new Troop 6 facility is complete and available for occupancy; (10) allow New Castle County Vocational School District to proceed with construction of new athletic fields; (11) authorize the use of Irrigation System Conversion funds to reimburse a new poultry house demolition assistance program; (12) clarify the calculation of 3% limit of GF net revenue estimate for finance capital projects is applied to revenues identified in the revenue resolution for the fiscal year of the budget being adopted; (13) authorize Fort DuPont Redevelopment and Preservation Corporation to use funds for capital projects; (14) authorize Municipal Infrastructure Funds to be used for the North Bayshore Drainage Improvements; (15) authorize the Office of Management and Budget to engage in a pilot program to include Community Workforce Agreements; (16) authorize the Department of Transportation to engage in a Community Workforce Agreement for no more than two large public works projects; and (17) require a report from the Office of Management and Budget regarding State Facilities Market Pressure.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 11 And Title 16 Of The Delaware Code Relating To 911 Dispatchers.. Description: This Act provides a definition for 911 Dispatchers. While referenced in other sections of the Code, including being identified as a first responder in § 4319 of Title 11 for purposes of confidentiality of communications by first responders for critical incident stress management services, Dispatchers have not otherwise been defined.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The State Dog.. Description: This act designates rescue dogs as the official state dog.
In 2023, Delaware enrolled a bill titled: An Act Concurring In An Proposed Amendment To § 1, Article Xvi Of The Delaware Constitution Relating To The Procedure For Notice To The Public Of A Proposed Amendment To The Delaware Constitution.. Description: This Act is the second leg of an constitutional amendment to the Delaware Constitution to enable the General Assembly to designate who is responsible for providing notice of a proposed amendment to the Constitution and how the notice is disseminated. This change gives the General Assembly flexibility in the dissemination of the notice, particularly as technology advances. This Act also changes the timeframe of dissemination from 3 months to between 120 and 90 days. The first leg of the constitutional amendment was House Bill No. 130 of the 151st General Assembly, which became Chapter 147 of Volume 83 of the Laws of Delaware. On passage of this second leg by this General Assembly this amendment will become part of the Delaware Constitution
In 2023, Delaware enrolled a bill titled: An Act Concurring In A Proposed Amendment To Article Ii Of The Delaware Constitution Relating To Limitations On The Time And Frequency Of Legislative Sessions.. Description: This Act is the second leg of a constitutional amendment that would prohibit the regular session of the General Assembly from extending beyond 5:00 p.m. on the last day of June, unless the session is recalled by the Governor or the presiding officers of both Houses. This changes the time beyond which a regular session of the General Assembly may not extend from midnight on June 30 to 5:00 p.m., which changes the time at which the presiding officers of both Houses must act to recall the General Assembly into special session. This means the General Assembly no longer has to remain in session until midnight to recall itself into special session. The first leg of this constitutional amendment was House Bill 411 of the 151st General Assembly published in Chapter 324 of Volume 83 of the Laws of Delaware. On passage of this second leg by this General Assembly this amendment will become part of the Delaware Constitution.
In 2023, Delaware enrolled a bill titled: An Act Concurring In Proposed Amendments To The Delaware Constitution Relating To Technical Corrections.. Description: This Act is the second leg of an amendment to the Delaware Constitution to make necessary technical corrections identified by the General Assembly's Division of Research. The first leg of this constitutional amendment was House Bill 452 of the 151st General Assembly published in Chapter 351 of Volume 83 of the Laws of Delaware. On passage of this second leg by this General Assembly this amendment will become part of the Delaware Constitution. Specifically, these technical corrections consist of the following:
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 11 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Display Of Human Trafficking Public Awareness Signs.. Description: This Act is a substitute for Senate Bill No. 43. Both this Act and SB 43 add additional State facilities and categories of establishments to § 787 of Title 11 which would be required to display public awareness signs about human trafficking. The additional State facilities and categories are as follows:
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Delaware Public Library Technology Assistance Act.. Description: This Act is a result of the Joint Legislative Oversight and Sunset Committee's review of the Council on Libraries. This Act repeals the Delaware Public Library Technology Assistance Act because Delaware Division of Libraries no longer issues technology grants.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Governor's Commission On Community And Volunteer Services.. Description: This Act is a result of the Joint Legislative Oversight and Sunset Committee's review of the Governor's Commission on Community and Volunteer Services ("Commission"). This Act does the following:
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 2 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Advisory Council On Walkability And Pedestrian Awareness.. Description: This Act is a result of the Joint Legislative and Oversight Committee's review of the Advisory Council on Walkability and Pedestrian Awareness ("Council"). This Act codifies the Council, which was first established under Governor Ruth Ann Minner's Executive Order No. 83 (2006), disbanded in 2008, and re-established under Governor Jack Markell's Executive Order No. 54 (2015). This Act also updates the Council's membership, purpose, and goals to reflect current practices and needs.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 16 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Use Of Single-service Plastic Implements And Polystyrene Containers In Food Establishments.. Description: This Act prohibits food establishments from providing consumers with ready-to-eat food or beverages in polystyrene foam containers or with single-service plastic coffee stirrers, cocktail picks, or sandwich picks. It also prohibits food establishments from providing single-service plastic straws, unless requested by a consumer. These restrictions take effect on July 1, 2025.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Sterile Needle And Syringe Exchange Program.. Description: This Act directs the States current needle exchange program to take a needs-based approach.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 26 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Net Metering.. Description: This bill extends the effective date of certain provisions of Section 1014 of Title 26 of the Delaware Code for utilities regulated by the Public Service Commission.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Establishing The Delaware Rare Disease Advisory Council.. Description: This bill establishes the Delaware Rare Disease Advisory Council which, among other things, is intended to educate medical professionals, government agencies, legislators, and the public about rare diseases. There are about 7,000 known rare diseases, and they create major public health challenges. The Advisory Council is charged with engaging in activities intended to benefit rare disease patients in Delaware, including encouraging and securing funding for the development of new treatments for rare diseases.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 26 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Public Service Commission.. Description: This is an omnibus bill that updates several aspects of the Delaware Public Utility Code, Title 26, including the following: (a) Expanding the public notice options for the Public Service Commission in order to reduce costs, increase transparency, and raise public awareness of Commission proceedings; (b) Amending the statute which sets the salary of Commissioners to provide for a salary as appropriated in the annual State Operating Budget; (c) Increasing the utility assessment rate; and (d) Eliminating references to the Water Supply Coordinating Council, which reached its sunset date of January 31, 2022.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 15 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Presidential Electors.. Description: In Chiafalo v. Washington, 140 S.Ct. 2316 (2020), the United States Supreme Court made clear that states have the authority to remove or punish presidential electors who do not adhere to their obligation to vote faithfully for their parties candidates.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing The Week Of April 7 - 13, 2024 As Delaware Saves Week 2024.. Description: This resolution recognizes the week of April 7 - 13, 2024 as Delaware Saves Week.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 14 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Absences Of School Employees.. Description: Teachers and other school employees (school employees) do not accrue annual leave that can be used on a flexible basis. Under current law, school employees may only use 3 days of sick leave for personal reasons and may be absent for 5 days after the death of an immediate family member and for 1 day only, on the day of the funeral, after the death of a near relative.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 18 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Travel Insurance.. Description: This Act makes minor changes to licensing and registration of limited lines travel insurance producers and travel retailers and establishes a comprehensive framework for the sale and marketing of travel insurance. Specifically, the legislation establishes uniform meanings of key terms; allows travel products to continue to be offered in a manner that provides a seamless consumer experience and cost-saving efficiencies; clarifies impermissible and prohibited sales practices, and the applicability of the states unfair trade practices law; requires several consumer disclosures; clarifies that travel insurance may be sold via individual, group, or blanket policies; clarifies current practice with respect to premium taxes; and clarifies that travel insurance is generally classified and filed as an inland marine line of insurance.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 9 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Farms.. Description: This bill updates the criteria for agriculture, horticulture, or forestry land use.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The State Lottery.. Description: This Act promotes increased capital investment at Delaware casinos by restructuring the table games licensing fee reduction currently received by video lottery agents to allow capital investments greater than the minimum amounts required under § 4815(b)(3)a. of Title 29 of the Delaware Code to count toward the allowable license fee reductions. For ease of administration, this Act also aligns time periods for both table games and video lottery calculations.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 20 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Public Health Emergency Planning Commission.. Description: This Act adds the Senate Minority Leader and the House Minority Leader as members of the Public Health Emergency Planning Commission (Commission).
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 11 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Misconduct By Public Officials.. Description: This Act updates the crime of official misconduct to ensure appropriate accountability of public servants who abuse their positions of power and public trust. The statute establishes a grade in the penalty for the official misconduct to be commensurate to the gravity of the misconduct. In addition, this statute conforms the discrimination language to the language used in the Hate Crimes statute. It also makes technical corrections to conform existing law to the standards of the Delaware Legislative Drafting Manual.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 21 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Occupant Protections.. Description: This Act revises Delawares child safety seat requirements which currently requires an appropriate car seat or booster. Under this Act, children under 2 years and under 30 pounds must be seated in a rear-facing seat with a 5-point harness. Children under 4 years and under 40 pounds must be seated in either a forward facing or rear-facing seat with a 5-point harness. Children between the ages of 4 and 16, must be seated in a booster based upon the manufacturers guidelines or a seatbelt.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 10 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Animals In Protection From Abuse Proceedings.. Description: This Act adds the following acts against a person's companion animal or service animal to the definition of abuse for protection from abuse proceedings:
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 16 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Reporting Suspected Animal Cruelty.. Description: This Act requires law-enforcement agencies, the Department of Services for Children, Youth and Their Families, and the Department of Justice to report suspected animal cruelty to the Office of Animal Welfare that is discovered while performing their responsibilities in child welfare cases. This Act also provides immunity to people who in good faith, report suspected animal cruelty.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 30 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Personal Income Tax.. Description: In 2017, the federal Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (TCJA), Public Law No. 115-97, suspended many itemized deductions from individual federal taxes until January 1, 2026, including the itemized deduction for costs to maintain membership in a labor organization. Senate Bill No. 72 created a tax credit for resident individuals equal to the annual cost, not to exceed $500, to the individual to maintain membership in a labor organization. Senate Substitute No. 1 for Senate Bill No. 72 made the annual cost to a resident individual to maintain membership in a labor organization an itemized tax deduction, not to exceed $500. Senate Amendment No. 1 to SS 1 for SB 72 sunset this itemized deduction when the federal tax deduction for costs to maintain membership in a labor organization is restored.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Public Works Bidder Prequalification Requirements.. Description: This Act modifies the Public Works Bidder Prequalification period and changes from the existing 12-month valid period to a 24-month valid period.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 24 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Health Records.. Description: This Act establishes requirements for the handling of treatment records for all of the following health-care providers under Title 24:
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 17 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Authority In Incorporated Towns And Cities; Construction And Maintenance Of Highways.. Description: This Act amends §134, Title 17 of the Delaware Code to allow for Secretarys designee to sign traffic resolutions within incorporated towns and cities. The same authority already exists for traffic resolutions in unincorporated areas.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 17 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Vacation Of Public Roads By Administrative Action.. Description: This Act amends §1311, Title 17 of the Delaware Code to allow for the Delaware Department of Transportation to vacate an old right of way of a newly realigned section of road by resolution.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 14 Of The Delaware Code Relating To School Property Tax Exemptions.. Description: This Act exempts from school property taxes real estate owned by Todmorden Foundation and used for the purposes of affordable housing.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Immigration Status Requirements For Professional Licenses.. Description: Senate Bill No. 80 codifies the current practice in Delaware of not requiring proof of citizenship or a specific immigration status on an application for a professional license. By affirmatively providing eligibility for professional licenses regardless of immigration status, Senate Bill No. 80 brings Delaware into compliance with a federal requirement in place since August 22, 1996, under 8 U.S.C.S. § 1621(d), and provides public notice of this policy. Senate Bill No. 80 also makes technical corrections to conform existing law to the standards of the Delaware Legislative Drafting Manual.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 10 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Wrongful Death Actions.. Description: This statutory addition to Delawares Wrongful Death Act will permit the spouse, parents, children, and siblings of a deceased person to recover punitive damages when the actions resulting in the death of another person were maliciously intended or the result of willful or wanton misconduct by the at fault party. Punitive damages are intended to deter the at fault party from future similar conduct and to punish the at fault party for reckless conduct. Presently, an estate can recover punitive damages under a survival action pursuant to 10 Del C. § 3701. A survival action involves the death of an individual as the result of the at fault party where that individual suffers for a period of time before dying. Whereas, a wrongful death action involves the instantaneous death of an individual as the result of the at fault party. This led to cases where the issue of whether a defendant faced punitive damages depended not on the defendant's own actions, but on whether the deceased had suffered long enough for a survival action. This Act also clarifies the definitions of "child" and "parent."
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Improving Communication Assistance For Individuals With Limited English Proficiency And Disabilities.. Description: This Act is a Substitute for Senate Bill No. 82. Both this Act and SB 82 require State programs to provide annual reports to the General Assembly about compliance with federal and State law and regulation that require meaningful access to services for individuals with limited English proficiency (LEP) and effective communication for individuals with disabilities.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 5 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Delaware Community Investment Venture Fund.. Description: This Act creates the Delaware Community Investment Venture Fund to develop opportunities for banking organizations and credit unions doing business in Delaware to better serve the needs of low to moderate income tracts in Delaware. The source of funds will be transfers from the Delaware State Bank Commissioner Regulatory Revolving Fund (established in Section 105 of Title 5), which currently has an amount in excess of that needed to cover the operating expenses of the Office of the State Bank Commissioner. The initial transfer will be up to $2.5 million, plus another $250,000 for expenses. Thereafter, additional transfers of up to $500,000 each fiscal year are authorized. No further transfers are authorized after June 30, 2028, unless further legislation is approved by the General Assembly.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 21 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Rules Of The Road.. Description: Currently, every adult operating or riding as a passenger on a motorcycle is required to have a helmet in their possession and wear eye protection while operating or riding a motorcycle and every person up to 19 years of age must wear a helmet and eye protection.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 30 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Realty Transfer Tax.. Description: This Act is a substitute for Senate Bill No. 87. Like Senate Bill No. 87, this Act does the following:
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 21 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Equipment And Construction Of Vehicles.. Description: This Bill allows for the use of green lights on state owned and operated snow removal equipment and vehicles during winter weather operations. Studies have shown green lights are more visible to the traveling public during winter weather conditions.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The First State Quality Improvement Fund.. Description: This bill modernizes the First State Quality Improvement Fund (FSQIF) Act, using language from the field of continuous improvement and operational excellence to align with current industry accepted practices. This bill provides improved accountability for the management of FSQIF training programs with the inclusion of the Government Efficiency and Accountability Review (GEAR) program team in partnership with the Department of Human Resources in establishing and maintaining rules and regulations for the use of the fund. This bill also establishes a data driven mechanism to allow the Joint Finance Committee to measure the return on investment of the fund on an annual basis.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 11 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Wiretapping And Electronic Surveillance.. Description: Delaware law on the application to an authorized judge for the intercept of wire communications was written prior to the creation of the statutory divisions of Family, Fraud and Consumer Protection, and Civil Rights and Public Trust, within the Delaware Department of Justice. This would allow for the divisions leading, for example, sensitive fraud, public corruption, white collar, civil rights and hate crimes investigations to apply to the Superior Court for wire intercepts, and further makes clear that such investigations fall within the purview of the electronic surveillance chapter. Human trafficking is already included in the statute, but its investigations and prosecutions now fall under the jurisdiction of the Family Division.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 19 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Public Employment Relations Act.. Description: This bill amends the Delaware Public Employment Relations Act by expanding the jurisdictional application of the Act to employers with less than 100 employees and as few as 25 employees.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 19 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Public Employment Relations Act.. Description: This bill amends the Delaware Public Employment Relations Act by requiring that the Board, consistent with the Boards Rules and Regulations, issue written decisions following hearings on unfair labor practice charges within 30 days of the close of the record.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend The Charter Of The Town Of Selbyville Relating To Impact Fees.. Description: This Act amends the Charter of the Town of Selbyville to allow the Town to impose an impact fee to contribute to the costs of operations of volunteer fire companies, ambulance companies, public libraries, or police departments providing services within the Town.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 21 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Driver's Licenses.. Description: This Act adds clarity to the statutory changes made by Senate Substitute 1 for Senate Bill 151 of the 151st General Assembly related to drivers licenses for foster children. This Act clarifies that during the initial 6 months of a Learners Permit, a foster parent is liable for the negligent driving of the foster child up to the limits of the foster parent's applicable insurance coverage. This Substitute differs from the original bill in that it clarifies the language that refers to the insurance coverage and clarifies such language in both the new subsection and in the existing Code.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 1, Title 2, Title 3, Title 4, Title 5, Title 7, Title 12, Title 16, Title 25, Title 26, Title 27, Title 28, Title 29, Title 30, And Title 31 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Gender Silencing The Delaware Code.. Description: In 1995, the General Assembly directed the Code Revisors to gender neutralize or otherwise ensure that a solely masculine or feminine designation never occurs unless it could only apply to one gender. The Code Revisors followed this direction and worked to ensure that laws enacted after 1995 were gender neutralized during the codification process. The Code Revisors also began working through the Delaware Code in existence in 1995 to gender neutralize existing law, a process that is not yet complete.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 16 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Delaware Health Care Commission Health Care Provider Loan Repayment Program.. Description: This Act allows Dental Clinicians possessing a DDS or DMDS to participate in the Health Care Provider Loan Repayment grant program. The Act also extends the time in which providers may apply for a Health Care Provider Loan Repayment grant from six months to two years following completion of their graduate education.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 22 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Municipalities.. Description: This Act prohibits municipal ordinances that require the eviction of tenants for criminal activity by a tenant, member of the tenant's household, or a guest. This Act does not change a landlord's ability to exercise discretion and evict a tenant for criminal activity or other material lease violations under § 5513 of Title 25 and is consistent with, and avoids conflicts with, the protections for victims of domestic abuse, sexual offenses, or stalking under § 5316 of Title 25.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Prevailing Wage.. Description: This Act closes a loophole in the prevailing wage statute that was being used to pay workers below the prevailing wage by performing work offsite instead of onsite, regardless of whether it was necessary to do so.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 16 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Electric Vehicle Charging Infrastructure For Residential Dwellings.. Description: Electric vehicles (EVs) are becoming more and more popular. Between 2012 and 2016, EV sales grew at an annual rate of 32%. In 2017, growth in sales reached 45%. Batteries for EVs have become much cheaper in the last 10 years, enabling EVs to compete with traditional, fossil-fueled vehicles. In addition, major vehicle manufacturers are pledging to go all electric. Some researchers are predicting that EV sales will outnumber those of traditional, combustion engine vehicles by 2040. However, only minimal electrical charging infrastructure is available today.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Urging Members Of The United States Congress To Enact Federal Legislation Granting Statehood To The People Of Washington, D.c.. Description: This Senate Resolution urges the United States Congress to enact legislation granting statehood to the people of Washington, D.C.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 16 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Maternal Mental Health.. Description: This Act modernizes and expands the concept of maternal mental health by replacing the definition of maternal depression with the more encompassing definition of perinatal mood and anxiety disorder. This Act contemplates treatment for any caregiver who may be affected by perinatal mood and anxiety disorder. This Act avoids use of gender-based pronouns as recommended by the Legislative Drafting Manual.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 30 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Motor Vehicle Documentation Fee.. Description: This Act clarifies that in calculating the document fee to be paid by the owner upon the sale, transfer, or registration of a park trailer, the owner shall be allowed to demonstrate the fair market value of the park trailer through an appraisal by a Delaware dealer authorized to provide an appraisal for park trailer models. This Act also excludes furnishings, site modifications, geographical location, and other items that are not related to the actual value of the park trailer from being included in the calculation.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 11 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Gold Alert Program For Certain Missing Persons.. Description: This Act revises the State's Gold Alert Program to include missing children and increase dissemination of information to the public to better assist the State's search efforts.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 16 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Impoundment Of Animals.. Description: Under this bill, when the State incurs costs for impounding an animal and the owner fails to pay the costs, the time in which ownership of the animal reverts to the State is reduced from 30 days to 15 days.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 6 And Title 8 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Courthouse Municipality Fee.. Description: This Bill increases the courthouse municipality fee assessed on limited liability company (LLC) filings and corporate filings from $20 to $40. The fee is expected to raise $8.5 million to be distributed to the municipalities designated as the places of holding the Court of Chancery. The fee is distributed to the municipality in the county in which a business entitys registered office is located.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 26 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Electric Utility Restructuring.. Description: This bill clarifies and confirms that utilities and farm customers may enter into contracts, such as power supply agreements, that specify how Excess kWh Credits will be applied at the end of an annual billing period.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 6 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Creation, Regulation, Operation, And Dissolution Of Domestic Limited Partnerships And The Registration And Regulation Of Foreign Limited Partnerships.. Description: This Act continues the practice of amending periodically the Delaware Revised Uniform Limited Partnership Act (the LP Act) to keep it current and to maintain its national preeminence. The following is a section-by-section review of the proposed amendments to the LP Act:
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 6 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Creation, Regulation, Operation, And Dissolution Of Domestic Limited Liability Companies And The Registration And Regulation Of Foreign Limited Liability Companies.. Description: This Act continues the practice of amending periodically the Delaware Limited Liability Company Act (the LLC Act) to keep it current and to maintain its national preeminence. The following is a section-by-section review of the proposed amendments to the LLC Act:
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 8 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The General Corporation Law.. Description: Sections 1, 2, 3 and 4 of this Act amend §§ 152, 153, 157 and 160 of Title 8.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 6 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Creation, Regulation, Operation, And Dissolution Of Domestic Partnerships And The Registration And Regulation Of Foreign Limited Liability Partnerships.. Description: This Act continues the practice of amending periodically the Delaware Revised Uniform Partnership Act (the GP Act) to keep it current and to maintain its national preeminence. The following is a section-by-section review of the proposed amendments to the GP Act:
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 24 Of The Delaware Code Relating To A Physician Assistants Licensure Compact.. Description: This Act adopts the PA Licensure Compact, which is an interstate occupational licensure compact for physician assistants (PAs). The purpose of the Compact is to strengthen access to medical services and enhance the portability of a license to practice as a physician assistant while safeguarding the safety of patients and complementing the existing authority of state licensing boards to license and discipline physician assistants. Under the Compact, a physician assistant licensed in a Compact member state may obtain a privilege to practice in another Compact member state. Physician assistants using a Compact privilege to practice in another state must adhere to laws and regulations of practice in that state and are under the jurisdiction of the regulatory board of the state in which they are practicing.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 16 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Animal Shelters.. Description: The Act updates the Delaware Code concerning animal shelter standards and treatment of animals in shelters to reflect best practices, which are currently already being followed by most shelters. The Act also fills in gaps in existing law, such as by requiring that animals be vaccinated against rabies before adoption or release and by setting standards for feeding and access to water, facilities and enclosures, and sanitation and disease control.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 16 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Medical Care Of Police Dogs Injured In The Line Of Duty.. Description: This Act authorizes paramedics and other EMS providers to provide medical care to police dogs injured at the scene of an emergency. This Act also grants civil immunity to paramedics and other EMS providers who provide medical services to police dogs, so long as their efforts to assist the police dog were in good faith. However, this Act clarifies that in a situation where a human and a police dog need emergency medical care at the same time, the medical services personnel are prohibited from providing care to the police dog over the human, if the care of the police dog would hinder the humans care.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 13 And Title 31 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Guardianship Of A Child.. Description: This Act amends Chapter 23, Title 13 relating to guardianship and permanent guardianship of a child. The Act does all of the following:
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 9 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Expenditure Of Real Estate Transfer Tax Proceeds.. Description: This bill adds workforce and affordable housing programs to the current list of realty transfer tax eligible expenditures for New Castle, Kent, and Sussex Counties.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 16 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Child Protection Accountability Commission. Description: This Act codifies that the Child Protection Accountability Commission, in conjunction with the Department of Services for Children, Youth, and their Families, is responsible for developing, maintaining, and conducting child abuse mandatory reporting, multidisciplinary response, and related trainings under this Chapter.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 11, Title 16, And Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Authorized Information Sharing For Children.. Description: This Act authorizes the Office of the Child Advocate and Office of the Investigation Coordinator to provide child victim data and information to the Office of Investigative Services during presentence investigations of defendants convicted of felony child abuse, endangering the welfare of a child or death of a child.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 16 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Patient Abuse.. Description: This Act provides that any adult day care facility required to be licensed under Chapter 1 of Title 16 is subject to the existing reporting obligations for facilities under Subchapter III of Chapter 11 of Title 16 of the Delaware Code.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 16 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Reporting Of Child Abuse And Neglect.. Description: This Act clarifies when reports of child abuse or neglect, including suspected human trafficking of a child, are required to be made orally to the Departments report line and when they may be made via the Departments online reporting portal. This Act also clarifies that licensed professionals who make reports may not remain anonymous.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 3, Title 6, Title 9, Title 10, Title 11, Title 12, Title 13, Title 14, Title 15, Title 16, Title 18, Title 19, Title 20, Title 21, Title 24, Title 25, Title 29, And Title 30 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Technical Corrections.. Description: In December 2022, the Code Revisors provided the General Assembly with a list of potential technical corrections that they identified as they revised the Delaware Code to reflect legislation that was enacted by the 151st General Assembly in 2022 or as they reviewed titles of the Code. While technical in nature, these changes are beyond the authority of the Code Revisors to make and can only be done by the General Assembly through legislation. This Act also includes technical corrections identified outside of the list provided by the Code Revisors.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 16 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Refrigerants.. Description: This Act clarifies that State building code and other local codes must align with substitute standards for refrigerants as approved by the United States Environmental Protection Agency through their federal listing requirements.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 11 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Obstruction Of Justice.. Description: This Act establishes the crime of obstruction of justice. Nearly every other state has a statutory crime of obstruction of justice and this Act is modeled on laws that prohibit intentional obstruction of justice and interference with governmental functions under federal law, Chapter 73 of Title 18 of the United States Code, and in Pennsylvania, under § 5101 of Title 18 of the Pennsylvania Criminal Code. This Act addresses actions that powerful individuals and organizations take to silence victims and witnesses and impede investigations into fraud, abuse, corruption, and white collar crime.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 6, Chapter 73 Of The Delaware Code To Harmonize With Federal Law, Modernize, And Clarify Certain Provisions.. Description: This bill updates and clarifies certain provisions that have been confusing or otherwise problematic in the Investor Protection Units enforcement efforts, or have otherwise become out-of-synch with federal securities law.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 21 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Motor Vehicles And Payment Of Motor Vehicle Fines.. Description: The Voluntary Assessment Center was created by legislative action in 1976 (60 Del. Laws Section 509) to allow recipients of minor traffic violations to pay the fine and costs associated with the violation without the need to appear in the Justice of the Peace Court. Section 709 (i) advises that "Payment of the prescribed fine, costs, and penalty assessment is an admission of guilt, a waiver of the right to a hearing, and a complete satisfaction of the violation." Upon payment, the Court can consider the matter closed and advise the Division of Motor Vehicles of the violation for the Division's recordance purposes. Formerly, those who were unable to pay the fine in one payment were required instead to submit to a court date (which engendered additional court costs) if only to request a payment plan - a practice that seemed patently unfair. Accordingly, in 2012, the Court established a process where the Voluntary Assessment Center could accept payment of fines incrementally. Although more equitable, this new process caused unforeseen consequences. Because the current definition of payment is the total amount due, if a person makes a partial payment but does not completely pay the balance of the fine, the Court cannot consider the matter closed. The Division is not made aware of the violation and the case remains in administrative limbo. Currently, no capiases or warrants are issued for unpaid Voluntary Assessments. Instead, the Division places a flag on an individual's license and registration. It is usually only years later when an individual goes to renew their license that they respond to the Court to complete payment. Redefining payment in the definition of this section will further streamline the Court's administrative process of maintaining the record and will report to the Division the associated data in a timely manner.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Delaware Legislative Oversight And Sunset Act.. Description: This Act updates the Legislative Oversight and Sunset Act, the governing statute for the Joint Legislative Oversight and Sunset Committee (JLOSC), to reflect updated and modern review practices and standards. The more significant changes include:
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 14 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Early Childhood Education.. Description: This Act relates to the Joint Legislative Oversight and Sunset Committee's ("Committee") review of the Provider Advisory Board ("Board"). As part of that review, the Committee approved a recommendation to consolidate the functions of the Board into the functions of the Delaware Early Childhood Council ("DECC"). The Board's review is held over to 2024, and Committee staff will monitor and report back to the Committee in 2024 on the implementation of the recommendation to consolidate these functions.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Division Of The Arts.. Description: This Act is a result of the Joint Legislative Oversight and Sunset Committee's review of the Delaware State Arts Council, and does the following:
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Tourism Advisory Board.. Description: This Act is a result of the Joint Legislative Oversight and Sunset Committee's review of the Tourism Advisory Board ("Board"). First formed in 1981, the Board has served in an advisory role to the Delaware Tourism Office, Division of Small Business, and the Department of State. The Board's primary purpose is advocating for and promoting tourism in Delaware. Its duties include researching and studying matters appropriate to best support the Delaware Tourism Office functions.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 17 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Delaware Byways Program.. Description: This Act is a result of the Joint Legislative Oversight and Sunset Committee's review of the Delaware Byway Advisory Board ("Board"). First formed in 2000, the Board has served in an advisory role relating to the Delaware Byways Program. The Board's primary purpose is to assist in and make recommendations regarding in the designation, development, operation, management, and promotion of Delaware byways.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 18 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Underinsurance Motorist Coverage.. Description: This Act eliminates the need to file a lawsuit against a person, who has caused injury with the person's vehicle, when that person's liability insurer has offered the limits of liability coverage to the injured person and the injured persons underinsured motorist insurer either consents to the settlement or fails to timely reply to the request for permission to settle. The goal of this Act is to have fewer lawsuits filed merely to obtain permission to accept liability insurers' offer to settle a claim. This Act is not intended to require any person to seek permission from an underinsured motorist insurer to resolve a bodily injury claim.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 24 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Board Of Speech/language Pathologists, Audiologists, And Hearing Aid Dispensers.. Description: This Act establishes updated, detailed standards for the practice of hearing aid dispensing. Definitions are added to specify that the standards and requirements pertaining hearing aid dispensing apply to prescription hearing aids only and not to over-the-counter hearing aids. Hearing aid dispenser licensure requirements consist of a high school diploma, six months of on-the-job training, and a national exam. Currently, hearing aid dispensers are expressly prohibited from making medical diagnoses or audiologic evaluations, as set forth in 24 Del. C. § 3702(7). Input from stakeholders demonstrated that HADs were practicing outside the permissible scope of practice. Impermissible activities include cerumen management (wax removal), which is considered invasive, and treating tinnitus (ringing in the ears), which can indicate more complex medical issues. These conditions are appropriately treated by a physician, preferably a hearing specialist. Further, HADs frequently use medical diagnosis codes to ensure payment from insurance carriers, which conflicts with the medical diagnosis prohibition in the current law. A new scope of practice definition delineates permissible and prohibited activities and identifies when referral to a physician is required. This Act also clarifies that a speech/language pathologist applicant must present a certificate of clinical competence issued by the American Speech-Language-Hearing Association (ASHA). Audiologist applicants are not subject to this requirement. The distinction is that ASHA evaluates the speech/language pathologists practicum and clinical fellowship, which are requirements for licensure. In contrast, an audiologist applicant is only required to establish receipt of a doctoral degree and successful completion of a national licensure examination. This Act clarifies that audiologists licensed prior to July 10, 2009 do not need to meet the educational requirement of a doctoral degree as long as they have maintained Delaware licensure. This Act further amends provisions relating to examinations to comport with current practice. This Act revises the reciprocity requirements in the interests of clarity. This Act sets forth requirements for licensure of applicants who were educated outside of the United States. This Act removes the definitions of audiology aide and speech pathology aide on the basis that the Board does not license aides.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend The Charter Of The City Of Delaware City Relating To Vacancies And Forfeiture Of Office.. Description: This Act amends the Charter of Delaware City, providing for use of a special election to fill vacancies in the office of Councilperson. Specifically, the Act authorizes the Mayor, within 14 days of the vacancy, to set a date for a special election and notify the Department of Elections of the same.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 7 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Food Fishing Permit Requirements.. Description: This Act removes the language "in the capacity of Master" from Chapter 9 of Title 7. This language has the effect of prohibiting highly credentialed professionals who have earned the right to captain their own ships, via appropriate United States Coast Guard training, from being provided with a food fishing permit. Removing this criterion would make the existing requirements more flexible and allow families that rely upon fishing as part of their livelihoods to proceed unimpeded by time-consuming and costly requirements.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 19 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Damages For Employment Discrimination.. Description: This Act increases the limits on the dollar amount of awards of compensatory or punitive damages, or both, in cases of employment discrimination, establishing specific caps based on the number of the respondent's employees. This Act also clarifies that the Superior Court may order equitable relief available under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as well as back pay and front pay, which is an award made for the period between the date of judgment and the date of reinstatement.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 19 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Discrimination In Employment.. Description: Under current law, an individual can file a charge of employment discrimination by sending the verified charge to the Delaware Department of Labor (Department). This Act clarifies that a verified charge of discrimination is deemed to be filed on the date it is sent to the Department.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 11 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Computer-related Offenses.. Description: This Act creates a narrow exception to the computer crimes under §§ 932, 933, and 935 of Title 11 because these crimes contain elements broad enough to include actions employees may take to document or report an employers violation of state or federal employment laws protecting the rights of employees. In addition to criminal penalties, § 941 of Title 11 allows a civil action for treble damages against an employee for a violation of any provision of §§ 932, 933, or 935 of Title 11.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 8, Title 10, Title 12, And Title 26 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Changes To The Title Master In Chancery.. Description: This Act replaces references to Masters in the Court of Chancery with Magistrate.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 24 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Topical Medical Waste Reduction Act.. Description: This Act allows a practitioner with the authority to prescribe medication to give the unused portion of topical medication used during treatment to a patient upon discharge or the conclusion of the visit. This Act is based on the Model Act created by the American Academy of Ophthalmology, which has been adopted in Illinois.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 15 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Presidential Primary Elections.. Description: This Act would move the 2024 presidential primary election for major political parties from the fourth Tuesday in April to the first Tuesday of April.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 16 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Dementia Care Services In Long-term Care Facilities.. Description: This Act is a substitute for Senate Bill No. 150. Like Senate Bill No. 150, this Act requires included facilities have sufficient staff to meet the needs of each resident and requires dementia care services training for staff. This Act differs from Senate Bill No. 150 in the following ways: (1) it removes the definition of activity services; (2) it defines direct care, secured memory care unit, and memory care services; (3) it requires that assisted living facilities providing dementia care services to residents in a secured memory care unit create a staffing plan that ensures the facility has sufficient staff to meet the scheduled, reasonably foreseeable unscheduled, and evolving needs of residents and; (4) it charges the Department of Health and Social Services with reviewing the staffing plan during each annual inspection and during any other inspection in which the Department deems it relevant; (5) it revises initial dementia care services training requirement by limiting the requirement to individuals that provide care in a secured memory care unit of an assisted living facility, creating separate training requirements, both in terms of duration and content, for individuals that provide direct care and non-direct care to residents receiving dementia care services in secured memory care units of assisted living facilities; (6) it revises the annual dementia care services training requirement to mirror initial dementia services training requirements; (7) it establishes dementia care services training requirements for individuals employed by temporary staffing agencies; (8) it gives the Department of Health and Social Services the discretion to accept other required dementia care services training to satisfy the dementia care services training requirements; (9) it details the transferability of training between facilities and temporary staffing agencies; and (10) it narrows the scope from all long-term care facilities to only assisted living facilities.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 6 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Mandatory Disclosure Of Information In Long-term Care Facilities Offering Dementia Care Services.. Description: This Act is a substitute for Senate Bill No. 151. Like Senate Bill No. 151, this Act requires included facilities to disclose information related dementia care services in the form determined by the Department of Health and Social Services, and it establishes requirements for the dissemination of that information. Like Senate Bill No. 151, any violation of this Act is an unlawful practice under § 2513 of Title 6 and a violation of subchapter II of Chapter 25 of Title 6 of the Delaware Code. This Act differs from Senate Bill No. 151 in the following ways: (1) it narrows the scope of the disclosure requirements to apply only to assisted living facilities that advertises, markets, or otherwise represents that the facility provides dementia care services; (2) it revises the definition of dementia care services, and defines direct care, memory care services, and secured memory care unit; (3) it replaces the term agent with the term authorized representative; (4) it revises the list of information that must be included in the disclosure form; (5) it clarifies the Departments and the facilitys role in preparing and completing the disclosure; (6) it removes the requirement that an included facility must publish the disclosure on the facilitys website; and (7) it grants the Department of Health and Social Services the authority to investigate potential violations and refer cases to the Department of Justice.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 16 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Rights Of Long-term Care Facility Residents.. Description: This Act expands the rights of long-term care facility residents by ensuring that long-term care facility residents are entitled to care that recognizes cultural differences and preferences and that long-term care facility residents are made aware of their rights in a language and format that is accessible to the resident. This Act also requires the Department of Health and Social Services to prepare a standardized notice listing all rights detailed in § 1121 of Title 16 in a language and format that is accessible to each resident or their authorized representative.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Titles 12, 14, 16, And 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Behavioral Health.. Description: This Act makes changes to provisions related to behavioral health and the Division of Substance Abuse and Mental Health to reflect current practices.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Chapter 211, Volume 83 Of The Laws Of Delaware Relating To The Focus On Alternative Skills Training Program.. Description: This Act repeals the sunset of the Focus on Alternative Skills Training Program, which provides tuition for an eligible individual to attend an approved nondegree credit certificate program that provides industry-accepted skill training and certification.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 21 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Special License Plates.. Description: This bill creates a special license plate for Plastic Free Delaware, Inc., a nonprofit whose mission is to reduce single-use plastic pollution and build a culture of zero waste in Delaware through educational programs, awareness building, and policy initiatives.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 14 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Education.. Description: Under the current salary scale for teachers, if a permitted paraprofessional in a school wishes to become a certified teacher in the same school, they may have to take a pay cut to do so. This Act provides teachers who previously worked as paraprofessionals in the schools to receive partial credit towards their experience on the teacher salary scale for their time working within the schools as paraprofessionals.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 6 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Uniform Commercial Code.. Description: This Act, the 2022 Amendments to the Uniform Commercial Code, was drafted by the Uniform Law Commission in partnership with the American Law Institute. The Uniform Law Commission "provides states with non-partisan, well-conceived and well-drafted legislation that brings clarity and stability to critical areas of state statutory law."
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 11 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Address Confidentiality.. Description: This Act permits an individual who is a reproductive health care services provider or employee to apply for participation in Delaware's Address Confidentiality Program, which allows participants to keep their actual address confidential by applying to the Department of Justice for a substitute address to which all mail will be delivered.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Blood Bank.. Description: This Act removes membership with the Blood Bank of Delaware as a recognized benefit by the State due to changes in policies in how hospitals and insurance companies bill for blood replacement and blood replacement procedures.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29, Chapter 90d Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Department Of Human Resources.. Description: This Act does all of the following:
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 14 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Charter Schools.. Description: This bill updates the States charter school law to codify the original intent of charter schools to encourage the use of different and innovative or proven school environments and teaching and learning methods; provide parents and students with measures of improved school and student performance and greater opportunities in choosing public schools within and outside their school districts; and to provide for a well-educated community.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 11 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Privacy For Correctional Officers, Probation Officers, And Parole Officers.. Description: This Act allows for correctional officers employed with the Department of Correction to make a written request that their personal information not be published and remain confidential. The Act takes effect 180 days following its enactment.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 24 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Pharmacy.. Description: This Act amends Chapter 25, Title 24 of the Delaware Code relating to the Practice of Pharmacy. The amendments authorize pharmacists to engage in collaborative pharmacy practice with one or more practitioners meaning individuals who are authorized by law to prescribe drugs in the course of professional practice. Pharmacists may also do so pursuant to a collaborative pharmacy practice agreement, which means a written and signed agreement between one or more pharmacists and one or more practitioners that provides for a collaborative pharmacy practice.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 4 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Alcoholic Liquors.. Description: This Act allows for the delivery of alcoholic liquors from a restaurant, brewpub, tavern, taproom, or other entity with a valid on-premise license. In addition, this Act provides that the acts of a licensed consumer delivery permittee or a delivery driver are not attributable to the retailer.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 10 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Confidential Communications Involving First Responders, Civilian Employees, Or Their Families.. Description: This Act establishes a wellness program designed to improve the well-being of first responders and first responders immediate family members, as well as civilian employees of police, fire, and emergency medical services agencies and their immediate family members, through the provision of wellness program services by trained peer support members. Wellness program services may include counseling, spiritual guidance, and education about financial resources, health resources, legal assistance, and stress management services.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 24 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Veterinary Medicine.. Description: This Act does all of the following:
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 10 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Wrongful Conviction Compensation And Services.. Description: This Act creates the Delaware Wrongful Conviction Compensation and Service Act. The Act provides compensation and reintegration services to individuals who have served sentences of incarceration, wrongful incarceration in a psychiatric institution, parole, probation, and sex offender registration in the State for crimes that they did not commit. An individual claiming wrongful conviction or, if deceased, that individual's heirs, may bring a petition for compensation in Delaware Superior Court. A petitioner who makes the required showing is entitled to damages based on the type and period of wrongful incarceration, probation, parole, or registration, and other amounts, such as reasonable attorney fees in obtaining relief, subject to requirements of proof. However, a petitioner is not entitled to such compensation if the Department of Justice establishes that the petitioner was an accomplice in the commission of the crime or that the petitioner intentionally and voluntarily caused the conviction at issue by committing perjury or fabricating evidence at trial in order to prevent the conviction of the true perpetrator. In addition, an individual released from incarceration as the result of the reversal, overturning, or vacation of a conviction is entitled to emergency assistance and services.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Offshore Wind Energy.. Description: This Act directs the Department of Natural Resources and Environmental Control to work with PJM Interconnection, LLC to study the transmission impacts of offshore wind development, to work with neighboring states on offshore wind transmission, and to study and report back to the Governor and the General Assembly on a process for procuring offshore wind power.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Titles 10 And 25 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Manufactured Housing And Tenants Receivership Petitions.. Description: Section 1 of this Act makes a pattern or practice of violations by a landlord of a Manufactured Home Community of subchapters I through V of Chapter 70 of Title 25 of the Delaware Code, or a provision of a rental agreement, an unlawful practice under the Consumer Fraud Act, subchapter II, Chapter 70, of Title 25, under specified circumstances.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Pensions For The State Judiciary.. Description: This Act is a substitute for Senate Bill No. 174. Like Senate Bill No. 174, this Act adds Justices of the Peace, Commissioners in Superior Court, Family Court, and Court of Common Pleas, and Magistrates in Chancery to the State Judicial Pension Plan.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Appropriations For Post-retirement Health Insurance Premiums.. Description: The Other Post-Employment Benefits Fund (OPEB Fund) is used to pay the State's benefits for post-retirement health insurance under the State employees' pension plan. This Act requires that every year, at least 1% of the grand total of all General Fund operating budget appropriations for the prior fiscal year is appropriated to the OPEB Fund. The total amount of the contributions to the OPEB Fund is not allowed to exceed the annual required contribution, which is actuarially determined by the Board of Pension Trustees.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 16 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Retired Law-enforcement Canines.. Description: This Act requires that an owner be reimbursed up to $1,500 annually for veterinary care expenses paid by the owner for the care of a retired law-enforcement canine.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 31 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Wilmington Housing Authority.. Description: This Act deletes the requirement in Title 31 of the Delaware Code, Section 4304, that no more than 5 commissioners or interim commissioners of the Wilmington Housing Authority be of the same political party.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 19 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Comparable Private Plans Under The Family And Medical Leave Program.. Description: Under § 3716(e) of Title 19, the Family and Medical Leave Program (FMLP) allows the Department of Labor (Department) to approve private benefits in existence on May 10, 2022, as a private plan under the FMLP, for applications submitted by January 1, 2024. This Act revises the appeal process when the Department denies an application under § 3716(e) so that the hearing is conducted by the Secretary of the Department instead of the Family and Medical Leave Insurance Appeal Board (Appeals Board). The primary function of the Appeals Board is to conduct hearings on denials of individual claims for benefits under the FMLP, but individuals will not be eligible for these benefits until January 1, 2026. Thus, the Appeals Board does not otherwise need to be established in 2023, and the expertise members need is in areas other than those needed for appeals of decisions under § 3716(e) of Title 19.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 18 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Use Of Certain Factors In Underwriting Private Insurance.. Description: Research has shown that certain underwriting factors used by insurers, while facially neutral, may have a disparate impact on protected classes. This bill seeks to address this disparate impact by prohibiting certain underwriting and rating factors, despite being correlative with loss, in homeowners and private passenger motor vehicle insurance policies. This bill would specifically prohibit an insurers consideration of an insureds or proposed insureds (i) non-pending arrests, charges and indictments that do not result in conviction, (ii) convictions unrelated to fraud or the risk being insured, or (iii) drivers license suspensions or revocations for non-driving related reasons. This bill also corrects an incorrect statutory reference in current law.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 24 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Continuing Education.. Description: This Act extends the date that the requirements created by Senate Bill 283 in the 151st become effective to allow the Division of Professional Regulation more time to implement these requirements.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Titles 9, 14, And 22 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Schools.. Description: This Act enables Sussex County to use the Voluntary School Assessment (VSA) to address the impact of residential development on school capacity. The following is a summary of the Acts 3 sections:
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 14 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Education.. Description: This Act ensures that educators hired after the effective date of this Act, who earned graduate degrees prior to becoming educators, receive credit on the salary schedule for those degrees regardless of the specific subject area of those degrees. Once an individual is employed as an educator, in order to receive credit for any graduate degrees earned after that time, such degree must be in the subject area in which the educator is employed.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 14 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Interstate Teacher Mobility Compact.. Description: This Act enacts the Interstate Teacher Mobility Compact (ITMC). The Council of State Governments partnered with the Department of Defense and the National Association of State Directors of Teacher Education and Certification (NASDTEC) to support the mobility of licensed teachers through the development of this new interstate compact. The ITMC will create reciprocity among participant states and reduce barriers to license portability and employment.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 16 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Uniform Controlled Substances Act And Drug Testing Strips.. Description: This Act adds xylazine and it isomers, esters, ethers, salts and salts of isomers, esters and ethers to Schedule III of the Delaware Uniform Controlled Substances Act and expands the authorization for the distribution of testing strips to determine the presence of controlled substances. According to the United States Drug Enforcement Administration, the emergence of xylazine across the United States appears to be following the same path as fentanyl, starting in the Northeast and then spreading to the South and working its way into drug markets westward, and the low cost of xylazine contributes to xylazines increased presence in the nations illegal drug supply. Xylazine is approved only for veterinary use, xylazine is a non-opioid with increasing presence as an adulterant, often in conjunction with opioids, in the illicit drug supply. When used alone and in conjunction with other drugs, xylazine is implicated as a cause or contributing cause of death in the United States. When used in conjunction with an opioid, such as heroin or fentanyl, xylazine may worsen respiratory depression in the event of a drug overdose, and because xylazine is not an opioid, naloxone is not known to be effective at reversing overdoses, and there is no known antidote or reversal agent for xylazine overdose in humans. This Act also exempts testing strips from the drug paraphernalia statute and expands the limitations on liability for lay individuals and organizations that provide a drug testing strip to an individual who uses drugs to reduce the likelihood of the individual experiencing harm.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 7 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Water Supply Coordinating Council.. Description: Since its creation the Water Supply Coordinating Council (the Council) has provided critical guidance to proactively address identified water supply issues. However, the actions of the Council have largely focused on recommendations and implementation associated with water supplies in the drought-prone portions of Northern New Castle County. While the water supplies in that area remain critical to the State, additional focus is needed on similar water supply coordination in other portions of the State as well. Many of the Councils reports have made recommendations for other actions in these areas, however, it is critical that appropriate local/regional representation be included to receive the necessary input and feedback that made the New Castle County implementation successful. Therefore, this Act is intended to reconstitute the Council to provide for a smaller more consistent quorum for state-wide coordination while establishing the structure for direct regional (County-level) contributions and implementation. It is intended that the preliminary charge of each County-level subcommittee will be to establish the appropriate memberships to best address their prioritized concerns.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing March 31st As International Transgender Day Of Visibility.. Description: This concurrent resolution commemorates March 31st as International Transgender Day of Visibility.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 11 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Classification Of Offenses.. Description: In 2015, the General Assembly, in Chapter 28 of Volume 80 of the Laws of Delaware, designated as subsection (d) the last sentence of § 4201(c) of Title 11 regarding attempts to commit a felony listed as a violent felony (the last sentence). The clear intent of the 2015 legislation was to make a technical correction, not to make a substantive change. However, the General Assembly should have designated the last sentence as paragraph (c)(2), as the intent of the General Assembly was to maintain the connection between the violent felony list and the last sentence, such that citations to § 4201(c) of Title 11 were intended to reference both the violent felony list and the last sentence. This Act makes a technical correction of this inadvertent Delaware Code designation error.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 24 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Practice Of Pharmacy.. Description: This Act allows pharmacists, under protocol approved by the Division of Public Health, to provide HIV pre-exposure and post-exposure prophylaxis treatments.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 16 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Delaware Medical Orders For Scope Of Treatment Act.. Description: The Delaware Medical Orders for Scope of Treatment DMOST was enacted in 2016 under HB 64 (148th). The DMOST form allows Delawareans to plan ahead for health-care decisions, express their wishes in writing, and both enable and obligate health care professionals to act in accordance with a patients expressed preferences. A DMOST form is different than an Advance Health-Care Directive because a DMOST form contains portable medical orders that respect the patients goals for care in regard to the use of CPR and other medical interventions.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Chapter 256, Volume 81 Of The Laws Of Delaware And Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Native Plants.. Description: This Act revises State procurement rules to require that beginning January 1, 2026, state agencies under Chapter 69 of Title 29 must purchase only native plants, including cultivars and hybrids of native plants, in the development of new landscaped areas and in the rehabilitation of exiting landscaped areas. Beginning January 1, 2025, the Department of Agriculture, with the advice of the Department of Natural Resources and Environmental Control and the Delaware Native Species Commission, must maintain a list of native plants that are generally available and appropriate for the needs of agencies.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 11 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Animal Fighting.. Description: This Act revises existing animal cruelty laws to include people who knowingly possess, own, buy, sell, transfer, or manufacture animal fighting paraphernalia with the intent to engage in or otherwise promote or facilitate such fighting as guilty of a class E felony.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 6 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Large Health Care Facilities.. Description: This Act further clarifies the application of the provisions of this chapter.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 18 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Property Insurance Contracts.. Description: This bill provides important consumer protections for property insurance contracts by improving the reliability of mailed notifications of policy cancellation or renewal. Section 1 of this bill requires insurers to deliver any homeowners notices of cancellation or nonrenewal by USPS certified mail or USPS Intelligent Mail barcode. Further, whereas currently an insurer can cancel or non-renew a policy because of two non-weather-related claims over the lifetime of the policy, this legislation provides a reasonable claims lookback period for non-weather-related claims, as is already the case for claims in other portions of this subsection of the Code. Section 2 of this bill precludes an insurance carrier from refusing to renew a homeowners policy based on non-weather claims unless 2 or more claims occur within the 36-month period immediately preceding the expiration of the current policy period.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 18 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Line Of Duty Death Benefits.. Description: For claims for line of duty death benefits for covered persons, which include police officers, firefighters, auxiliary and volunteer ambulance and rescue company members, paramedics, and others, submitted on July 1, 2023, and thereafter, this Act increases the benefits for the beneficiary or beneficiaries from $200,000 to $375,000, payable in annual installments, with the maximum amount paid in any 1 calendar year being $50,000.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 11 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Official Misconduct.. Description: Senate Bill 67, from the first session of the 152nd General Assembly, updated the crime of official misconduct. Senate Bill 67 intended to change the penalty for official misconduct from a class A misdemeanor to a graded system, where the penalty is commensurate to the gravity of the misconduct. This Act makes the following modifications to ensure legislative intent is achieved:
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The State Lottery.. Description: This Act promotes increased capital investment at Delaware casinos by restructuring the table games licensing fee reduction currently received by lottery agents to allow capital investments greater than the minimum amounts required under § 4815(b)(3)a. of Title 29 of the Delaware Code to count toward the allowable license fee reductions. For ease of administration, this Act also aligns time periods for both table games and video lottery calculations.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 21 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Equipment And Construction Of Vehicles.. Description: Senate Bill 89 from the first half of the 152nd General Assembly allowed for state owned-and-operated vehicles used for snow removal to operate with green revolving or flashing lights during winter weather operations. This Bill extends the same use of green lights on municipal owned-and-operated snow removal equipment and vehicles during winter weather operations. Studies have shown green lights are more visible to the traveling public during winter weather conditions. This Act also makes technical corrections to conform existing law to the standards of the Delaware Legislative Drafting Manual.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Chapter 170, Volume 84 Of The Laws Of Delaware Relating To The Uniform Controlled Substances Act And Drug Testing Strips.. Description: This Act eliminates the sunset provision contained in Chapter 170, Volume 84 of the Laws of Delaware related to xylazine.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 18 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Medical Negligence Insurance And Litigation.. Description: This bill amends Chapter 68 of Title 18, related to medical negligence insurance and litigation, to repeal those provisions of the law that are expired or that are no longer used as a matter of practice in medical negligence litigation.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Division Of Forensic Science And The Definition Of Next Of Kin.. Description: This act adds adult sibling of a decedent to the definition of next of kin in Chapter 47 of Title 29 of the Delaware Code relating to the Division of Forensic Science. This expansion of the definition of next of kin will, for example, allow the Medical Examiner to release the personal property of a decedent to an adult sibling of a decedent, when there is no other next of kin. It will also allow the Medical Examiner to provide a copy of a post mortem examination report to an adult sibling, upon written request, when there is no other next of kin.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 16 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Enhanced 911 Emergency Reporting System Service Board.. Description: This Act establishes the Chief Information Officer of the Department of Technology and Information or their designee as a member of the Enhanced 911 Emergency Reporting System Service Board by virtue of their position. The Act clarifies the Chief Information Officer, or their designee serve on the board so long as they hold their position and do not require the advice and consent of the Senate.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: An Act To Establish The Javelin As An Event In High School Track And Field.. Description: This Act directs the Delaware Interscholastic Athletic Association to adopt javelin as an approved event for all DIAA sponsored track and field competitions.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 18 Relating To Health Insurance For Children And Persons On Medicaid.. Description: Medicaid is generally the payer of last resort, meaning that Medicaid only pays claims for covered items and services if there are no other liable third-party payers for the same items and services. When Medicaid beneficiaries have one or more additional sources of coverage for health care services, third-party liability (TPL) rules govern the legal obligation of such third parties. Section 1902(a)(25)(A) of the Social Security Act defines third-party payers as health insurers, managed care organizations, and group health plans, among others.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Bureau Of Health Equity.. Description: Like Senate Bill No. 212, Senate Substitute No. 1 for Senate Bill No. 212 codifies the Bureau of Health Equity (BHE) in the Division of Public Health, which includes the Office of Minority Health and the Office of Womens Health. The purpose of the BHE is to ensure that everyone in Delaware will achieve their full health potential by eliminating health disparities, particularly among all racial and ethnic minority groups. The BHE works with communities to address social determinants of health, focusing on prevention, health, and wellness in the broader population instead of treatment focused on individuals. Health disparities are preventable differences in the quality of health or health care between 2 or more groups of people based on a shared characteristic of the individuals within each group, such as race, ethnicity, or socioeconomic status and the differences between the groups regarding access to health care or burdens, prevalence, or incidence of disease or violence.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend The Charter Of The Town Of Millville Relating To The Power To Impose And Collect A Lodging Tax.. Description: This Act amends the Charter of the Town of Millville to restore the authority of the Town Council to impose and collect a lodging tax. This authority to impose and collect a lodging tax was enacted under Senate Bill No. 162 (150th) in 2019 but was inadvertently repealed under House Bill No. 138 (151st) in 2021.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend The Charter Of The Town Of Millsboro Relating To The Power To Impose And Collect A Lodging Tax.. Description: This Act amends the Charter of the Town of Millsboro to give the Town Council the authority to impose and collect a lodging tax.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 16 Of The Delaware Code Relating To State Inspections Of Long-term Care Facilities.. Description: This Act requires the Department of Health and Social Services to inspect long-term care facilities on an annual basis.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 16 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Long Term Care Facilities And Services And Civil Penalties.. Description: This Act increases the civil penalties for violations of the statutes in Title 16, Chapter 11 related to Long Term Care Facilities and the regulations adopted pursuant to it. For violations that the Department determines pose a serious threat to the health and safety of a resident, the minimum penalty in Section 1109 of Title 16 is increased from $1,000 per violation to $2,000, and the maximum penalty is increased from $10,000 to $20,000 per violation. Each day of a continuing violation constitutes a separate violation. For violations that do not constitute a serious threat to the health and safety of a resident, the maximum penalty is increased from $5,000 to $10,000 per violation. The civil penalties in Section 1109(a)(2) for violations that pose a serious threat to the health and safety of a resident were established in 1998 and have not been increased since then. The maximum civil penalty in Section 1109(c) for violations that do not constitute a serious threat to the health and safety of a resident was set at $10,000 in 1998, but was later reduced to $5,000 in 2000, and has not been increased since then. This Act also repeals the provision which places a cap on the civil penalties for continuing violations.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Provision Of A Flag To Next Of Kin.. Description: This Act provides that the next of kin of a deceased police officer, member of a fire department, or member of the Delaware National Guard is entitled to a Delaware state flag if the deceased person served in at least 1 qualifying entity for at least 10 years and died in the line of duty or while an active member.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 16 And Title 18 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Paramedic Services.. Description: This Act is the product of the work of stakeholders who, with the encouragement of Senate Concurrent Resolution No. 50 (152nd General Assembly), met to examine how to integrate mobile-integrated healthcare and community paramedicine into existing regulatory structures in this State.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 11 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Semiautomatic Pistols.. Description: This Act is a substitute for Senate Bill No. 228. This Act achieves the intent of Senate Bill No. 228 by providing an exception to the general prohibition against semiautomatic pistols that have the ability to accept detachable ammunition magazines that attach at some location other than the pistol grip. This exception permits such a characteristic in the limited circumstance of using a rimfire pistol for competitive shooting or for practice shooting in preparation for competitive shooting. The characteristic is still prohibited outright for any centerfire pistols.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Chapter 453, Volume 83 Of The Laws Of Delaware, And Title 18 And Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Providing For Driver Education Training, A Driver's License, Or Motor Vehicle Insurance For An Individual Who Is In Or Has Experienced Foster Care In Delaware.. Description: This Act removes the sunset provision in Chapter 453, Volume 83 of the Laws of Delaware relating to the program established under §9011A of Title 29 to assist individuals who are in or have experienced foster care in Delaware with driver education, driver licensing, and motor vehicle insurance and associated barriers and costs. The Act also amends §9011A of Title 29 to clarify the scope and administration of the program, and amends the definition of youth in foster care under §3921 of Title 18 to maintain consistency with 29 Del. C. §9011A(g)(1).
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing May 20, 2023, As "armed Forces Day".. Description: This Concurrent Resolution recognizes May 20, 2023, as Armed Forces Day in Delaware.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 18 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Insurance Coverage For Contraceptives.. Description: In light of the Federal Drug Administrations recent approval of over-the-counter non-emergency contraceptive pills, this bill expands the contraceptive coverage laws to include over-the-counter non-emergency contraceptive pills.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 19 And Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Service Worker Protection Act.. Description: This Act establishes employment protections for certain service employees during changes of ownership by requiring all of the following:
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 30 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Extending The Timeframe To Apply For A Document Fee Refund From 15 Days To 30 Days.. Description: This bill will extend the timeframe for a customer to apply for a document fee credit refund from 15 days to 30 days. This change will improve customer service by allowing a customer more time to submit the applicable paperwork.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Chapter 26, Title 21 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Uniform Commercial Drivers License Act.. Description: This Act brings the State in compliance with the federal regulation published by FMCSA on October 7, 2021, to establish a national drug and alcohol clearinghouse as mandated by the Moving Ahead for Progress in the 21st Century Act (MAP-21). This act established requirements for Division access to and use of driver-specific drug and alcohol program violation information contained in the Drug and Alcohol Clearinghouse. The Act prohibits the Division from issuing, renewing, upgrading, or transferring a commercial driver license (CDL) or commercial learners permit (CLP), as applicable, for any individual prohibited under FMCSA regulations from driving a commercial motor vehicle (CMV), due to one or more drug and alcohol program violations. In addition, the Division must, upon notification that a driver is prohibited from operating a CMV due to a drug and alcohol program violation, initiate the downgrade process to remove the CLP or CDL privilege from the drivers license within 60 days. This Federal requirement must be enacted by states by November 18, 2024.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 21 Of The Delaware Code Relating To License Plates And Parking Permits.. Description: This bill: (a) extends the expiration date for any new issuance or renewal of an ADA placard from 3 years to 8 years for a specific person with a diagnosis of a permanent disability and changing the minimum age from 85 to 80 years or older, (b) extends the validity for a temporary disability from 5 weeks to 180 days, and (c) defines additional medical professionals acceptable to certify a disability application.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Titles 9 And 22 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Comprehensive Planning.. Description: This Act amends the provisions in Title 9 of the Delaware Code relating to the county comprehensive plans for Sussex, Kent, and New Castle Counties, and Title 22 of the Delaware Code relating to municipal comprehensive plans for municipalities with populations greater than 2,000, to require that their comprehensive plans increase community resiliency and address the impacts of climate change.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 11 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Protection Of Crime Victims.. Description: This Act adds "victim of kidnapping" to the definition section of the Address Confidentiality Act, allowing for kidnapping victims to become eligible for the protections offered by the Address Confidentiality Program. This amendment is recommended and supported by the National Center for Missing & Exploited Children to better protect kidnapping victims and their families.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 19 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Hearing Officers Within The Department Of Labor.. Description: This Act removes the 5-year term limit imposed upon hearing officers appointed by the Secretary of Labor. It also removes the political party affiliation rule when considering new candidates for the hearing officer position.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 15 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Presidential Primary Elections.. Description: This bill expands the timeframe in which a candidate may withdraw from the presidential primary election, including the option of not holding such an election in the event of only one remaining candidate. The approximate cost of a Presidential Primary election for the State is $1.5 million. This Act expires on December 31, 2024.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend The Charter Of The Village Of Ardencroft.. Description: This Act deletes the current Charter of the Village of Ardencroft (the "Village") and replaces it with a new charter that differs in several respects.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Titles 10 And 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Residential Mortgage Foreclosure And The Office Of Foreclosure Prevention And Financial Education.. Description: The Office of Foreclosure Prevention and Financial Education and the Residential Mortgage Foreclosure Mediation Program were created in the wake of the 2008 financial crisis to assist homeowners at risk of foreclosure or already navigating the foreclosure process. Originally intended as temporary programs, the need for these programs is as critical as ever for those facing the loss of their homes. The programs have proven to be important resources in preserving home ownership and educating homeowners on their rights and responsibilities in times of economic contraction and in times of economic expansion. As a result of their successes, the General Assembly has extended the programs multiple times. It is clear that the need for these programs will continue for the foreseeable future. In recognition of this reality, this Act removes the expiration dates from the programs.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 31 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Housing Repair And Modification Fund.. Description: For over 30 years, the Delaware State Housing Authority (DSHA) has invested in home repair programs that make necessary repairs to improve the health and safety conditions in the homes of Delawareans.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 25 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Manufactured Housing.. Description: This Act creates a clearer and workable system for ensuring that manufactured home communities with health and safety violations and conditions that threaten the health and safety of people in the community cannot continue to raise rents on residents without fixing the conditions and providing a safe community for its residents.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 19 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Family And Medical Leave Insurance Program.. Description: This Act clarifies that for purposes of the Family and Medical Leave Insurance Program, where an employee is leased by an employee leasing company or a professional employment organization, "employer" refers to the employer client of the employee leasing company or professional employment organization, and not to the employee leasing company or professional employment organization.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 18 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Captive Insurance.. Description: This bill amends Chapter 69 of Title 18 relating to captive insurance to provide the Commissioner with additional flexibility to approve those types of financial institutions that would be authorized to hold required capital and surplus of captive insurance companies. This change would recognize the current financial environment and practices of financial institutions and captive insurers. Assets can be safely held in financial institutions other than banks and do not need to be held in Delaware in many circumstances where the type of risk does not require it, and the Commissioner will be authorized to impose additional conditions on captives related to capital and surplus to ensure the solvency and efficient operations of captives.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 14 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Delaware Institute Of Veterinary Medical Education And The Delaware Veterinarian Medicine Education Advisory Council.. Description: The Board of Trustees of the Delaware Institute of Veterinary Medical Education (DIVME) was established in 1975 with a stated purpose of creating opportunities for Delaware residents to obtain veterinary training and strengthening factors that would encourage them to return to practice in Delaware. DIVMEs statute has had only 2 minor updates since 1975, with the last update in 1993.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 14 Relating To Educator Preparation Programs.. Description: Senate Substitute No. 1 for Senate Bill No. 252 is identical to Senate Bill No. 252 except that SS 1 for SB 252 corrects a spelling error in the synopsis to avoid confusion.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend The Charter Of The City Of Wilmington Relating To Assistant City Solicitors.. Description: This Act amends Section 3-701 of the City of Wilmingtons Charter to provide that, with the exception of the City Solicitor, all persons appointed to serve as attorneys in the law department shall attain tenure upon 3 years of continuous satisfactory full-time service and may not be removed from their positions except for just cause. The Wilmington Charter is also being amended to provide tenure status to attorneys who have already served 3 years of continuous satisfactory full-time service.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 16 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Food Deserts.. Description: This Act creates the Delaware Grocery Initiative.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Titles 6 And 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Consumer Protection.. Description: This Act clarifies the Attorney Generals existing authority to enforce the States consumer protection laws, specifically the Attorney Generals ability to pursue non-penalty civil remedies, such as damages and restitution, without having to show that a persons violation of a law or regulation enforced by the Department of Justices Division of Consumer Protection was wilful. This Act does not change the requirement that the Attorney General show that such a violation was wilful in order to obtain civil penalties from a court or hearing officer. Every other state that has a similar state of mind requirement in their consumer fraud law does not impose that state of mind requirement for non-penalty civil remedies. By harmonizing the language in the Consumer Fraud Act (Subchapter II, Chapter 25, Title 6 of the Code) and the Division of Consumer Protections enabling statute (Subchapter II, Chapter 25, Title 29 of the Code), this Act clarifies that Delaware is line with the other states.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 21 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Rental Car Insurance Coverage.. Description: This Act changes Delawares law related to liability insurance for rental vehicles. Under the Act, the minimum level of coverage required for a vehicle owners policy of liability insurance under § 2902 of this title is also required for a vehicle owners rental of a vehicle.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 21 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Autonomous Vehicles.. Description: This Act prohibits any autonomous vehicle with a gross weight of 10,001 pounds or more from being operated on a Delaware highway for testing purposes, transporting goods, or transporting passengers without a human safety operator being physically present within the autonomous vehicle. A two-thirds vote requirement is required under Section 28 of Article IV of the Delaware Constitution.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 14 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Delaware Interscholastic Athletic Association.. Description: This Act is a result of the Delaware Interscholastic Association ("DIAA") Task Force. Based on the findings of the task force, this Act updates and modernizes the DIAA Board of Directors' composition. This Act also makes technical corrections that conform existing law to the standards of the Delaware Legislative Drafting Manual.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 14 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Department Of Education And The Delaware Interscholastic Athletic Association.. Description: This Act is a result of the work of the Delaware Interscholastic Athletic Association ("DIAA") Task Force. The current process for promulgating DIAA-related regulations grants the regulatory authority to the Department of Education ("Department") which is, in turn, required to delegate its authority to the DIAA. The current process also requires steps in addition to the regulatory process already required under the Administrative Procedures Act, Chapter 101 of Title 29. The additional process encumbers the DIAA's ability to make changes to regulations with the speed and flexibility often needed in the regulation of interscholastic athletics.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 16 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Delaware Health Facilities Authority.. Description: This Act amends Delaware Code provisions which govern the Delaware Health Facilities Authority (DFHA).
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 21 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Size And Weight Of Vehicles And Loads.. Description: This Act permits trucks having 5 or more axles that are hauling farm produce grown in this State and traveling from the farm on which the farm produce is grown to a location at which the farm produce is to be processed or stored, or from a location at which the farm produce is processed or stored to an export facility within this State, to weigh up to 90,000 pounds or combined manufacturers gross combined weight rating (GCWR), whichever is less, before a penalty is assessed for exceeding weight restrictions.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 26 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Public Utilities.. Description: This Act removes the sunset provision under § 315 of Title 26, relating to the electrical and natural gas utility distribution system improvement charge. By doing so, the Act leaves the current version of § 315 in effect.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Titles 17, 26, And 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Delaware Energy Solutions Act Of 2024.. Description: The Delaware Energy Solutions Act of 2024 authorizes processes necessary to help meet the net zero goals of the Climate Change Solutions Act of 2023. The bill facilitates a transition to carbon-free energy sources by (i) preparing for offshore wind to be a significant element of Delawares energy future, if cost is competitive with other potential sources, and (ii) increasing options for interconnecting renewable energy resources to the transmission grid.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 6 And Title 12 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Unclaimed Property.. Description: Senate Substitute 1 for SB 266 clarifies the process and roles of the Attorney General, State Escheator, and Secretary of State in actions under the Delaware False Claims and Reporting Act (DFCRA) for failure to comply with reporting requirements of the Delaware Unclaimed Property Law (UPL). The government, through the Attorney General, may bring such an action after a 120-day period during which the State Escheator may initiate an examination or within the 120-day period, with the State Escheator's consent.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 12 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Unclaimed Property.. Description: This Act clarifies various aspects of the States unclaimed property laws, specifically:
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 12 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Decedents Estates And Fiduciary Relations.. Description: Sections 1 and 2 of this Act update Chapter 8 of Title 12, the Uniform TOD Security Registration Act. Section 1 of this Act does the following:
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 11 And Title 16 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Dogs.. Description: This Act simplifies and in some cases increases the civil penalties for violations of laws related to dogs that run at large, dogs that bite a human being or domestic animal while running at large, and dogs that are designated as dangerous or potentially dangerous. It also expands the requirements for keeping or maintaining a dangerous or potentially dangerous dog to include provisions related to licensing, vaccination, microchipping, and leashing.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Budget And Fiscal Regulations, Establishing A Budget Stabilization Fund, Defining Deposit And Withdrawal Standards For The Fund, And Imposing Deposit And Withdrawal Norms Throughout The Annual Governors Recommended Budget Process.. Description: This Act is the statutory recognition of the recommendations set forth in the June 2, 2023, report of the DEFAC Benchmark Evaluation and Review Panel.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Titles 18 And 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Health Insurance, And Title 31 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Pharmacist Care.. Description: Pharmacists in Delaware provide some of the same medical services as physicians, advance practice registered nurses, and physician assistants, including immunizations. The General Assembly has recently added to the services that pharmacists may provide, including prescribing birth control, testing and treating for a variety of conditions, and prescribing pre-exposure and post-exposure HIV prophylaxis. However, health insurance plans do not currently recognize pharmacists as a provider type that may seek reimbursement for these services, despite already providing coverage for the same services if they were obtained from other providers. This could lead to many pharmacists not providing such expanded services due to the lack of insurance coverage.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 3 And Title 16 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Milk And Milk Products.. Description: This Act legalizes the sale and distribution of raw milk and products derived from raw milk by dairy producers directly to consumers for human consumption. This Act also removes the unused definitions of Delaware fresh milk and northeastern fresh milk from Subchapter VI of Title 3. The definition of fresh milk under current § 3175 of Title 3 is retained.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 17 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Access To State-maintained Highways.. Description: Affordable housing is key to building strong communities and neighborhoods. This act provides that the developer of a residential subdivision is provided a percentage credit towards the expense of offsite improvements to state-maintained highways consistent with the percentage of units set aside for affordable housing in a residential subdivision project.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 21 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Driving On A Roadway.. Description: The purpose of this Act is to combat aggressive driving and dangerous speed differentials on targeted roadways. This Act prohibits vehicles from traveling in the left lane on the portions of State Route 1 or Interstate 495 that are an express highway, as defined in § 101 of Title 17, or a controlled access facility, as defined in § 172 of Title 17, except in any of the following circumstances:
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Rename The Newark Regional Transportation Center In Honor Of United States Senator Thomas R. Carper.. Description: This bill names the Newark Regional Transportation Center after United States Senator Thomas R. Carper.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Chapter 53, Title 24 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Massage And Bodywork.. Description: Under this bill, the Board of Massage and Bodywork may not issue initial certifications to practice as a certified massage technician for applications received after December 31, 2024.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Titles 6 And 21 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Commerce And Trade.. Description: This Act clarifies portions of Chapter 49 of Title 6 and Chapter 63 of Title 21 of the Delaware Code pertaining to motor vehicle dealers. These additions and modifications are intended to further improve our States franchise laws and ensure that Delaware consumers have a stable, reliable, convenient, and competitive retail network for automobile sales and service. This Act is an effort to continue to ensure that the relationship between dealers and the manufacturers and distributors is as fair and equitable as possible and provides the highest level of consumer protection. The Act includes the following provisions:
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 14 And Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To School Safety.. Description: Section 2306 of Title 14 requires that when a new school is constructed or a major renovation is undertaken, the construction or renovation must include certain safety features, including a secured vestibule and the installation of "ballistic resistant glass or other ballistic resistant materials" in certain areas of the school.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 14 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Delaware Interscholastic Athletic Association.. Description: This Act is a result of the Delaware Interscholastic Athletic Association ("DIAA") Task Force. Based on the findings of the task force, this Act updates the DIAA's Executive Director from an education associate level position in the Department of Education to a director level position in the Department.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 14 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Delaware Interscholastic Athletic Association.. Description: This Act is a result of the work of the Delaware Interscholastic Athletic Association (DIAA) Task Force (Task Force). The 152nd Delaware General Assembly passed Senate Concurrent Resolution 19 establishing the Task Force to study and make findings and recommendations to best address the needs of student athletes and ensure DIAAs effective and efficient functioning. The Task Force met over 8 months to discuss the most pressing issues facing DIAA. This Act addresses one of the identified issues: the waiver process when a student transfers from one school to another and wishes to play interscholastic athletics.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 11 And Title 16 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Elimination Of Certain Fees.. Description: This Act repeals the Senior Trust Fund Fee, the Interstate Compact Fee, and the Substance Abuse, Rehabilitation, Treatment, Education and Prevention Fund Fee imposed on criminal defendants. The elimination of these fees was recommended by the Criminal Legal System Imposed Debt Study Group created by House Bill 244, as amended by House Amendment No 2, of the 151st General Assembly, in its December 7, 2023 report. The Criminal Legal System Imposed Debt Study Group also recommended replacement of lost revenue for affected agencies as needed with General Funds. In repealing these fees, the General Assembly also intends to eliminate any outstanding balances owed on these fees.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 11 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Deljis Fund.. Description: This Act repeals the DELJIS Fund fee imposed on criminal defendants. The elimination of this fee was recommended by the Criminal Legal System Imposed Debt Study Group created by House Bill 244, as amended by House Amendment No 2, of the 151st General Assembly, in its December 7, 2023 report. Any outstanding balances owed for this fee shall be discharged upon the Acts effective date. Per the Study Groups recommendation, the Act will become effective upon the specific appropriation of General Fund monies to replace DELJISs full spending authority of the repealed fee.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Discharge Outstanding Balances Owed By Individuals For Fees Repealed By Chapter 441 Of Volume 83 Of The Laws Of Delaware.. Description: This Act discharges balances owed by individuals ordered to pay a probation supervision fee under § 6504(14) of Title 11 of the Delaware Code or a Public Defender fee under § 4607 of Title 29 of the Delaware Code. The probation supervision fee and Public Defender fee were repealed by Chapter 441 of Volume 83 of the Laws of Delaware, House Bill No. 244, as amended by House Amendment No. 2 (151st General Assembly).
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 10 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Residency Requirements For Justice Of The Peace Court Constables.. Description: This bill eliminates the requirement that Justice of the Peace Court constables reside within the State of Delaware. The residency requirement was established when Constables were independent officers, and had their own bonding requirements and penalties for failure to do the business of the Court. Constables are now employees of the Justice of the Peace Court and the residency requirement is no longer needed. The removal of the requirement will allow the Justice of the Peace Court to recruit from a larger pool of candidates and to retain existing trained and skilled employees.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Delaware Hispanic Commission.. Description: This Act codifies the Delaware Hispanic Commission (Commission). The Commission was created by former Governor Jack Markell in Executive Order Number 28 to combine and streamline the duties of the former Governors Council on Hispanic Affairs and the former Governors Consortium on Hispanic Affairs. Under the executive order, the Commissions duty is to advise the Governor, the Governors Cabinet, and members of the General Assembly on matters that are important to people of Hispanic descent in Delaware.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Auditor Of Accounts.. Description: This Act clarifies the Auditor of Accounts duties and powers by amending § 2901 of Title 29 to define audit to include performance audits, and by amending §§ 2906 and 2909 of Title 29 to change "postaudit" to "audit." This Act also clarifies that audits must be conducted using standards issued by the U.S. Government Accountability Office.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 16 And Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Energy Conservation.. Description: This Act amends Title 16, Chapter 76 of the Delaware Code relating to energy conservation identified in county and municipal building and plumbing codes. Consistent with codes in other States, including New York, Rhode Island, and Washington, among others, this Act requires as a threshold that counties and municipalities must, at minimum, meet the threshold adopted by the Delaware Energy Office (DEO). The Act authorizes counties and municipalities to go above the threshold adopted by the DEO.
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The State Sport.. Description: This bill makes soccer the State Sport until June 30, 2020, then bicycling shall become the State Sport.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 6 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Registration Of Trade Names, Partnerships And Associations In The Superior Court.. Description: This Act removes the registration of trade names for sole proprietorships, partnerships, and associations in the Superior Court prothonotaries and places registration of such trade names with the Division of Revenue. Additionally, this Act provides that the filing of certificates will be recorded electronically and the fee for such filing is $25.00. Under Superior Court Civil R. 77(h), the current filing fee is $25.00. This change updates the statute consistent with the current fee collected by the Superior Court.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 14 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Disclosure Of Pupils' School Records.. Description: This Act updates the statute on disclosure of pupil records to ensure compliance with the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA), 20 U.S.C. § 1232g, and improve information sharing between educational institutions and programs operating in this State, including local postsecondary institutions and programs and local education agencies, and the Department of Education (Department). Specifically, the Act does the following:
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 6 And Title 25 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Fair Housing.. Description: The Delaware Fair Housing Act, Chapter 46 of Title 6, and Residential Landlord-Tenant Code, Chapter 51 of Title 25, both prohibit discrimination based on source of income, which is defined as including rental payments from any government program. However, both laws also provide that a landlord's nonparticipation in a government-sponsored rental assistance, voucher, or certificate system cannot be the basis for an administrative or judicial proceeding.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 19 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Special Employment Practices.. Description: This Act strengthens the current practice of obtaining service letters for employment in child care facilities to protect children from workers who have engaged in prior acts that are prohibited by the Office of Child Care Licensing. The Act does all of the following:
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 6 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Antitrust.. Description: This Act amends the Delaware Antitrust Act (DAA) (Chapter 21, Title 6 of the Code) to provide indirect purchasers who have been harmed by violations of the Delaware Antitrust Act the ability to sue for damages. Indirect purchasers of a product or service in the chain of distribution are often the ones who bear the burden of any overcharges from antitrust violations such as price-fixing. Direct purchasers and others in the chain of distribution of the affected product or service often have the ability to pass the overcharge through the chain of distribution to end users. This will align Delaware with at least 36 other states which currently allow for a cause of action for damages for indirect purchasers. Often, end users who make purchases in Delaware, primarily Delaware residents and businesses, are excluded from making claims against multimillion dollar settlement funds set up to compensate indirect purchasers for transactions made in other states that do authorize lawsuits for damages for indirect purchasers.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 14 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Diversity And Inclusivity In Education.. Description: This Act acknowledges the importance of diversity and inclusivity in education by requiring the Department of Education to update content standards and regulations using a non-exhaustive list of racial, ethnic, and cultural groups.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend The Charter Of The Town Of Newport.. Description: This Act amends the Charter of the Town of Newport in the following ways:
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 12 And Title 16 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Health-care Decisions.. Description: This Act adopts the Uniform Health-Care Decisions Act of 2023 (UHCDA 2023) to supersede the Uniform Health-Care Decisions Act of 1993, which Delaware enacted in 1996. The UHCDA 2023 was authored by the Uniform Law Commission (ULC) and was developed in a multiyear collaborative and non-partisan process to modernize and expand on the 1993 version of the act.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Public Officers And Employees.. Description: Under Title 29, Section 5805, no state employee, no state officer, and no private enterprise in which a state employee or state officer has a legal or equitable ownership of more than 10% (more than 1% in the case of a corporation whose stock is regularly traded on an established securities market) shall enter into any contract with the State (other than an employment contract) unless such contract was made or let after public notice and competitive bidding. However, the notice and bidding requirements do not apply to contracts involving $2,000 per year or less, provided that the terms of such contract reflect arms length negotiations. The exemption for contracts involving $2,000 per year or less went into effect in 1991 and has not been raised since. This act raises the exemption from $2,000 to $5,000 to take into account the effects of inflation. This act also deletes language in Section 5805(c) that is out-of-date.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 6 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Crisis Pregnancy Centers.. Description: This Act requires crisis pregnancy centers in this state to provide notice if the center is not licensed by this state as a medical facility and does not have a licensed medical provider who provides or directly supervises, in person, the provision of services. A violation of this Act is an unlawful practice under § 2513 of Title 6 and a violation of Subchapter II, Chapter 25 of Title 6.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 14 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Providing Medication Abortion Prescription Drugs And Emergency Contraception.. Description: Like Senate Bill No. 301, this Act, Senate Substitute No. 1 for Senate Bill No. 301 requires public universities in this state to provide access to medication for the termination of pregnancy and emergency contraception. The medication and contraception must be provided on-site, but consultation to provide them may be performed by a provider at the student health center or by a provider who is associated with a university-contracted external agency. This Act takes effect on July 1, 2025.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 4 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Brewery-pubs.. Description: This Act allows a licensed brewery-pub located within the premises of a public golf courses to apply to the Commissioner for a license to sell alcoholic beverages to patrons of the golf course if the brewery-pub and public golf course share common ownership.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 14 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Regulatory Provisions For Nonacademic Training And Related Resources.. Description: This Act makes changes to nonacademic training requirements for school district and charter school personnel to help ensure that mandatory trainings are relevant to student needs and based on best practices. While nonacademic mandatory trainings are essential to addressing critical issues facing Delaware students, school personnel have expressed concerns related to the time burden and relevance of required trainings. Streamlining and modernizing such trainings could enhance their effectiveness and allow school personnel to spend more time meeting the needs of students. To that end, this Act makes the following changes to nonacademic training requirements for school district and charter school personnel:
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 14 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Early Childhood Education.. Description: This Act streamlines and modernizes the State Early Childhood Education Program in § 3001 of Title 14, also referred to as State-funded early care and education, as follows:
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 19 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Workplace Safety Program.. Description: This Act makes technical changes and updates to the Delaware workplace safety program. Under current law, qualifying employers who pay $3,161 or more in annual workers' compensation premiums may be eligible for lower insurance premiums under the workplace safety program. The Act changes that criteria to employers who currently qualify for the uniform experience rating plan as approved by the Insurance Commissioner or who otherwise qualify for the program pursuant to parameters set by the Insurance Commissioner by regulation. In addition, the Act provides that in determining safety credits for a qualified employer that was not experience-rated in the policy period expiring immediately prior to application of the safety credit, the formula for calculating safety credits will incorporate amounts determined by the Insurance Commissioner by regulation.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 19 And Title 29 Relating To Prevailing Wage And Custom Fabrication.. Description: This substitute bill for Senate Bill No. 307 clarifies the meaning of custom fabrication as first defined in Senate Substitute 1 for Senate Bill No. 102 in the 152nd General Assembly. That substitute bill modified the relationship between custom fabrication and the prevailing wage.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 5 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Uniform Special Deposits Act.. Description: This Act adopts the Uniform Special Deposits Act (the Act) authored by the Uniform Law Commission. The Uniform Law Commission provides states with non-partisan, well-conceived and well-drafted legislation that brings clarity and stability to critical areas of state statutory law. The Act was adopted by the Uniform Law Commission in October 2023 and has been adopted in 2 states and introduced in 3 other states.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 14 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Education.. Description: This bill creates new subsections in Section 507(c) of Title 14 of the Delaware Code to define the licensure and certification requirements more clearly within Chapter 5 of Title 14 and provides the ability for charter schools to hire the administrators that they deem beneficial to the success of the schools education program and the needs of students and staff. To that end, the bill defines Instructional Administrator and Non-instructional Administrator at a charter school. The bill clarifies that all Instructional Administrators at charter schools must be licensed and certified as administrators while Non-instructional Administrators do not. The bill also exempts the charter school administrator who reports directly to the Charter Board of Directors from the licensure and certification requirement and allows a charter school to request permission from the charter authorizer to hire an additional unlicensed and uncertified administrator.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 8 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The General Corporation Law.. Description: Section 1. Section 1 of this Act amends § 122. New § 122(18) sets forth certain types of provisions that may be included in contracts between a corporation and its current or prospective stockholders or beneficial owners of its stock, even if those provisions are not set forth in, or referenced as a fact ascertainable in, the certificate of incorporation pursuant to § 141(a). The Court of Chancery recently observed that [t]he expansive use of stockholder agreements suggests that greater statutory guidance may be beneficial[.] West Palm Beach Firefighters Pension Fund v. Moelis & Company, 2024 WL 747180 (Del. Ch. Feb. 23, 2024) at n.272. Accordingly, new § 122(18) specifically authorizes a corporation to enter into contracts with one or more of its stockholders or beneficial owners of its stock, for such minimum consideration as approved by its board of directors, and provides a non-exclusive list of contract provisions by which a corporation may agree to:
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 24 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Board Of Social Work Examiners.. Description: This Act removes supervision from the scope of practice of a masters social worker. This Act also prohibits a masters social worker from providing supervision to a licensed clinical social worker applicant. The Board of Social Work Examiners (Board) determined that a masters social worker lacks the education and experience needed to provide clinical supervision. Under this Act, an applicant for licensure as a licensed clinical social worker may still obtain supervision from a licensed psychologist or licensed psychiatrist where a licensed clinical social worker is not available, under the Boards rules and regulations.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend The Charter Of The Town Of Slaughter Beach Relating To Annexation. Description: This Act creates an annexation process for the Town of Slaughter Beach to extend its boundaries in accordance with § 101 of Title 22 of the Delaware Code.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 3, Chapter 22 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Delaware Nutrient Management Commission.. Description: This bill enables the Delaware Nutrient Management Commission to regulate the application of nutrients to turf by commercial nutrient handlers. The law excludes athletic fields, golf courses, and land used in the production for sale of sod or seed and only applies to commercial nutrient handlers who are paid to apply such nutrients. This bill decreases the threshold of serviced acreage for which commercial nutrient handlers would need a certification to apply nutrients to turf. Allowing the Commission to oversee such conduct will further ensure that Delawares waterways are continually improved and maintained to meet or exceed federally mandated water quality standards, in the interest of the overall public welfare.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 30 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Exclusion Of Military Pensions From Taxable Income.. Description: This Act defines United States military pension for the exclusion for taxable income.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 24 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Relating To Continuing Education.. Description: This Act changes the requirements for continuing education for doctors related to Alzheimers disease or other dementias to require that doctors must only complete 2 hours of this continuing education once. Doctors who do not have direct patient interactions with adult populations over the age of 25 or do not currently practice within the State of Delaware are exempt from this requirement.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 24 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Board Of Speech/language Pathologists, Audiologists, And Hearing Aid Dispensers.. Description: This Act creates a new license category of speech/language pathology assistant that is licensed and regulated by the Board of Speech/Language Pathologists, Audiologists, and Hearing Aid Dispensers. This addition is needed to address the shortage of speech/language pathology services in the State, particularly in public schools. The speech/language pathology assistant must practice under the supervision of a licensed speech/language pathologist. The parameters of that supervision will be specified in rules and regulations. A speech/language pathology assistant will be able to support and supplement the services provided by the supervising speech/language pathologist subject to the limits of the permissible scope of practice. This Act specifies that to qualify for licensure, the speech/language pathology assistant must hold certification issued by the American Speech-Language-Hearing Association (ASHA). The requirements for that certification include education, clinical experience, and successful completion of an examination. The applicant must also meet this States requirements as set forth in this Act.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act Making Appropriations For The Expense Of The State Government For The Fiscal Year Ending June 30, 2025; Specifying Certain Procedures, Conditions And Limitations For The Expenditure Of Such Funds; And Amending Certain Pertinent Statutory Provisions.. Description: This Bill is the Fiscal Year 2025 Appropriations Act.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act Making A One-time Supplemental Appropriation For The Fiscal Year Ending June 30, 2025 To The Office Of Management And Budget.. Description: This Act appropriates $168,362,517 to provide one-time funded projects through the Office of Management and Budget.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act Making Appropriations For Certain Grants-in-aid For The Fiscal Year Ending June 30, 2025; Specifying Certain Procedures, Conditions And Limitations For The Expenditure Of Such Funds; Amending The Fiscal Year 2025 Appropriations Act; Amending The Fiscal Year 2025 One-time Supplemental Appropriations Act; And Amending Certain Statutory Provisions.. Description: This Act provides supplementary appropriations to certain Grants-in-Aid recipients for Fiscal Year 2025.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 16 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Uniform Controlled Substances Act.. Description: This Act revises §§ 4732 and 4733 of the Uniform Controlled Substances Act, Subchapter III, Chapter 47, Title 16 of the Delaware Code, pertaining to the regulation of the manufacture, distribution and dispensing of controlled substances. The revisions provide that out-of-state practitioners who wish to prescribe controlled substances in Delaware pursuant to a practice privilege, interstate compact license, telehealth registration, or military registration, must obtain a Delaware controlled substance registration. This Act will ensure that these out-of-state practitioners are subject to Delaware regulation with respect to prescribing controlled substances to Delaware patients.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Roll Of The Members Of The Senate.. Description: This Resolution establishes the roll of members of the Senate of the 152nd General Assembly.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Rules Of The Delaware State Senate.. Description: This Resolution enacts the Rules of the Senate for the 152nd General Assembly until further action of the Senate.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Election Of The President Pro Tempore.. Description: This Resolution elects David P. Sokola to be the President Pro Tempore of the Senate of the 152nd General Assembly.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Office Of The Secretary Of The Senate.. Description: This Resolution elects Ryan C. Dunphy to be the Secretary of the Senate of the 152nd General Assembly.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Appointing A Committee To Notify The Governor That The Senate Is Organized.. Description: Appointing A Committee To Notify The Governor That The Senate Is Organized.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Appointing A Committee To Notify The House Of Representatives That The Senate Is Organized.. Description: Appointing A Committee To Notify The House Of Representatives That The Senate Is Organized.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing Senator Nicole Poore, Her Son Luke Poore, And Their Family For Historic Success In Delaware Wrestling.. Description: This resolution recognizes Senator Nicole Poore, her son Luke Poore, and the entire Poore wrestling family for historic success in Delaware wrestling.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Urging Our Federal Delegation To Support Legislation To Deschedule Marijuana.. Description: This Senate Resolution urges our federal delegation to support legislation to deschedule marijuana.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Respectfully Requests The President Of The United States Issue A Posthumous Pardon To Delaware Abolitionist John Hunn.. Description: This Senate Resolution respectfully requests the President of our United States of America posthumously pardon the Delaware Underground Railroad hero and abolitionist John Hunn.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Proclaiming May 4, 2023 As "until Justice Just Is Day" In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This resolution proclaims May 4, 2023, as "Until Justice Just Is Day" in the State of Delaware and urges all Delawareans to support the mission of the YWCAs "Until Justice Just Is" campaign by advocating for and supporting their communities in a meaningful way.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing May 13, 2023, As "national Train Day In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This resolution recognizes May 13, 2023 as "National Train Day" in the State of Delaware and encourages all Delawareans to recognize the contributions trains and railroad personnel have made to everyday life.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Respectfully Requests The President Of The United States Award The Presidential Citizens Medal To Jan C. Scruggs.. Description: This Senate Resolution respectfully requests the President of the United States award the Presidential Citizens Medal to Jan C. Scruggs.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Directing The Department Of Health And Social Services And Department Of Education To Prepare Reports On Demographic Data In Early Child Care And Education Populations.. Description: This resolution directs the Department of Health and Social Services to prepare reports on the Purchase of Care Program and directs the Department of Education to prepare reports on child care capacity.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing The Work Of The We Are The Moms Foundation To Bring Awareness To The Devastation Caused By Firearm Violence.. Description: This Senate Resolution recognizes the We Are The Moms Foundation for its contributions toward raising awareness of firearm violence in the State of Delaware and providing support to victims families.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Expressing Support For The Designation Of March 2024 As National Multiple Myeloma Awareness Month.". Description: This resolution expresses support for the designation of March 2024 as "National Multiple Myeloma Awareness Month."
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing March 25th As "greek Independence Day" In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This resolution recognizes March 25th as "Greek Independence Day" in Delaware.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Extending Thoughts And Prayers To The State Of Maryland.. Description: This resolution extends thoughts and prayers from the people of Delaware to our sister state of Maryland, to the victims families, and to the first responders who are assisting with the search and recovery efforts.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing The Efforts Of Hawks, Inc. In Helping With The Clean-up Of The 11th Street Bridge After Hurricane Ida In 2021.. Description: This resolution recognizes the efforts of Hawks, Inc. in helping with the clean-up of the 11th Street Bridge after Hurricane Ida in 2021.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Designating September 22-29, 2024, As Frontotemporal Degeneration Awareness Week In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This Resolution designates September 22-29, 2024, as Frontotemporal Degeneration Awareness Week in the State of Delaware.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Addressing The Public Health Need On Identification Of The Appropriate Level Of Healthcare By Directing The Department Of Health To Perform A Landscape Analysis Of Urgent Care Centers In The State.. Description: This resolution recognizes the States role in assisting the general public in accessing the right level of medical care efficiently and effectively and, specifically, the growing role of urgent care centers in alleviating the burden on the overall healthcare system. The resolution directs the Delaware Department of Health to perform a comprehensive landscape analysis of urgent care centers and submit recommendations on how best to educate the public on choosing the appropriate healthcare setting and the consideration of the development of an Advanced Urgent Care model. This report is due to the General Assembly by January 1, 2025.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Proclaiming January 23, 2024 As Maternal Health Awareness Day In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This concurrent resolution hereby designates January 23, 2024 as Maternal Health Awareness Day in the State of Delaware.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Directing The Department Of Health And Social Services And Department Of Education To Prepare Reports On Demographic Data In Early Child Care And Education Populations.. Description: This Resolution directs the Department of Health and Social Services to prepare reports on the Purchase of Care Program and directs the Department of Education to prepare reports on the child care capacity.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing The Month Of January 2023 As "human Trafficking Awareness Month" In Delaware.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution recognizes January 2023 as Human Trafficking Awareness Month in Delaware
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Commemorating January 22nd, 2023 As The 50th Anniversary Of The United States Supreme Court Ruling In Roe V. Wade. Description: This Concurrent Resolution commemorates January 22nd, 2023 as the 50th Anniversary of the United States Supreme Court ruling in Roe v. Wade.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Designating January 23, 2023, As "maternal Health Awareness Day" In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This House Concurrent Resolution designates January 23, 2023, as "Maternal Health Awareness Day" in the State of Delaware.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing February 12, 2023 As "world Cholangiocarcinoma Day" In Delaware.. Description: Cholangiocarcinoma, also known as bile duct cancer, is a cancer that occurs in the bile ducts in or outside the liver. This Resolution recognizes February 12, 2023 as "World Cholangiocarcinoma Day" in Delaware.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Designating January 22-28, 2023 As Certified Registered Nurse Anesthetists' Week In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This concurrent resolution designates January 22-28, 2023 as Certified Registered Nurse Anesthetists' (CRNA) Week in the State of Delaware.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing Delaware Saves Week 2023.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution recognizes the week of February 27th as Delaware Saves Week.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing January 27th, 2023 As International Holocaust Remembrance Day.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution recognizes January 27th, 2023 as International Holocaust Remembrance Day.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Designating March 2023 As Womens History Month In Delaware And Honoring The Leadership And Achievements Of Women Throughout Our States Rich History.. Description: This resolution designates March 2023 as Womens History Month in Delaware to raise awareness and celebrate the contributions of women in our society, and for the greater good of our nation.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Honoring The Leadership And Achievements Of African Americans And Urging The Celebration Of Black History Month.. Description: This House Concurrent Resolution honors and recognizes the leadership and achievements of African Americans and urges the celebration of Black History Month.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing March 2023 As Social Work Month In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This Resolution recognizes the pertinent work of social workers throughout Delaware and the entire country, encourages the creation and expansion of Social Work programs, and recognizes March 2023 as Social Work Month in the State of Delaware.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Designating March 8th, 2023 As International Womens Day In Delaware.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution designates March 8th, 2023 as International Womens Day in Delaware.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing The Month Of March 2023 As National Developmental Disability Month In Delaware.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution recognizes the month of March 2023 as "National Developmental Disability Month" in Delaware.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing March 10th As Harriet Tubman Day.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution recognizes March 10th as "Harriet Tubman Day".
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Designating March 14, 2023 As "equal Pay Day" In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This House Concurrent Resolution designates March 14, 2023 as "Equal Pay Day" in the State of Delaware.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Directing The Delaware Department Of Education To Issue A Report Analyzing The Benefits Of Virtual Learning In A Post-covid Learning Environment.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution directs the Department of Education to issue a report assessing the advantages and disadvantages of virtual learning for kindergarten through grade 12 students in a post-COVID learning environment, to include a review of all current virtual learning options in the State.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing March 21, 2023 "rock Your Socks For World Down Syndrome Day.". Description: This House Concurrent Resolution designates the 21st day of the Month of March, 2023 as Rock Your Socks for World Down Syndrome Day and celebrates the beauty and contributions that people with Down Syndrome make in Delaware.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing The Easterseals/cai Volleyball Challenge And The Volleyball Ambassador, Carolyn Jerzak In The 17th Year Of Democrat And Republican Team Participation.. Description: This resolution recognizes the Easterseals/CAI Volleyball Challenge occurring March 25 at William Penn High School and March 26 at Delaware State University, an event that raises funds for an organization providing services and support to Delawareans with disabilities and senior citizens and their families.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Delaware State Fire School To Develop A Program For The Disposal Of Aqueous Film Forming Foam Currently In The Possession Of The State Of Delaware Fire Companies And Departments.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution requests the Delaware State Fire School propose a plan for the safe disposal of aqueous film forming foam (AFFF), due to the per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances (PFAS) they contain from Delaware Fire Departments and companies. The Delaware State Fire School is to provide a report to the President Pro Tempore, the Speaker of the House of Representatives, the Office of the Controller General, and the Director of the Office of Management and Budget. The report is also to include the cost of disposal and the cost to obtain safe, viable, alternatives. The concept would be to fund this disposal foam and remove it from the Delaware Fire Service by a one-time exchange of this foam voluntarily and allowing the Fire Service the opportunity to replace AFFF with a new compliant supply at no cost to them.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing March 24, 2023 As Women And Girls In Stem Day In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This concurrent resolution designates March 24, 2023 as Women and Girls in STEM Day in the State of Delaware.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing The 4th Thursday In March As National Tuskegee Airmen Commemoration Day.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution supports Congressional efforts to proclaim the 4th Thursday in March a National Tuskegee Airmen Commemoration Day.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: In Celebration Of The 85th Anniversary Of The Claymont Lions Club.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution recognizes 2023 as the 85th Anniversary of the founding of the Claymont Lions Club.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing April 25, 2023, As "delaware Teach Children To Save Day".. Description: This Concurrent Resolutions recognizes April 25, 2023, as Delaware Teach Children to Save Day.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Commemorating The 25th Anniversary Of The Good Friday Agreement And Celebration Of St. Patrick's Day.. Description: This concurrent resolution commemorates the 25th Anniversary of the Good Friday Agreement and celebrates St. Patrick's Day.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing March 2023, As Problem Gambling Awareness Month.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution recognizes March 2023, as PROBLEM GAMBLING AWARENESS MONTH in the State of Delaware and calls on all Delawareans to support the National Council on Problem Gambling and the Delaware Council on Gambling Problems, Inc. in their efforts to Have the conversation with friends, family, patients, and clients about gambling addiction.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Designating The Week Of February 27- March 3, 2023 As Public Schools Week And Honoring Delawares Educators And Staff.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution designates the week of February 27-March 3, 2023 PUBLIC SCHOOLS WEEK and commends the hard work of educators and staff. It also calls upon Delawareans to support public schools.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Designating March 30, 2023, As Atheist Awareness Day In Delaware.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution designates March 30, 2023, as Atheist Awareness Day in Delaware.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing March 8, 2023 As National Women-owned Small Business Day.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution recognizes March 8, 2023, as "National Women-Owned Small Business Day" in Delaware.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing The Holy Month Of Ramadan And Muslim Residents Of This State As They Observe Ramadan.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution recognizes Ramadan and Muslim residents of this State as they observe Ramadan.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing April 4, 2023, As Delta Day At The Delaware Capital.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution recognizes the contributions of the Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, Inc. chapters in the State of Delaware and declares April 4, 2023, to be Delta Day at the Delaware Capital.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing The Month Of April 2023 As The Annual National Fair Housing Month In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This House Concurrent Resolution recognizes the month of April 2023 as National Fair Housing Month in the State of Delaware.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing April 2023 As Autism Acceptance And Inclusion Month And Recognizing Autism Delawares 25 Years Of Service To The People Of Delaware.. Description: This House Concurrent Resolution recognizes April 2023 as Autism Acceptance and Inclusion Month and Autism Delaware's 25 years of service to the people of Delaware.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Celebrating Demec Day And Recognizing The Delaware Municipal Electric Corporation And The Community-owned Not For Profit Electric Utilities Throughout Delaware.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution recognizes the Delaware Municipal Electric Corporation and community-owned, not-for-profit electric utilities throughout Delaware for their dedication to serving their communities with energy saving programs and carbon reduction projects. This Resolution also celebrates DEMECs upcoming 44th anniversary and over 100 years of reliable and safe electric service from Delawares local public power utilities by proclaiming April 5, 2023, as DEMEC Day.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing April 6, 2023, As Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority Or "aka Day At The Capital" In Delaware.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution recognizes April 6, 2023, as Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, Incorporated or AKA Day at the Capital in Delaware.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing The Month Of April 2023 As "national Donate Life Month" In Delaware.. Description: This Resolution recognizes the month of April 2023 as "National Donate Life Month" in Delaware.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Designating April 26, 2023, As "4-h Day" In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution designates April 26, 2023, as "4-H Day" in the State of Delaware and calls upon Delaware's citizens to recognize the many contributions of the State's 4-H programs
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Honoring The Contributions Of The 6888th Central Postal Directory Battalion Of The Women's Army Corps.. Description: This Resolution honors the contributions of the 6888th Central Postal Directory Battalion of the Women's Army Corps.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Extending The Work Of The Delaware Justice 40 Oversight Committee.. Description: This Resolution reauthorizes the work of and extends the final report deadline for the Delaware Justice 40 Oversight Committee.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing April 10th Through 14th As National Community Development Week In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution recognizes the week of April 10-14, 2023, has been reserved for recognition and appreciation of the Community Development Programs throughout the State of Delaware.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing The Month Of May 2023 As Mental Health Awareness Month.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution recognizes the month of May 2023 as Mental Health Awareness Month.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing May 3, 2023, As World Press Freedom Day In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This Resolution recognizes May 3, 2023, as "World Press Freedom Day".
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing May 8-12, 2023 As "teacher Appreciation Week".. Description: This resolution recognizes the week of May 8-12, 2023 as Teacher Appreciation Week.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Commending Ashley Lockwood Representing The Milford School District For Being Selected As Delaware's State Teacher Of The Year For 2023 And Commending Each School District's Teacher Of The Year.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution commends the 2023 Delaware State Teacher of the Year, Ashley Lockwood, and all of the District Teachers of the Year.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Designating The Month Of May As "national Nurses Month" In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This resolution designates the month of May as "National Nurses Month" in Delaware.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing May 29th As De529 Day.. Description: This resolution recognizes May 29th as DE529 Day.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Commending Heather Hitchens Representing The Lake Forest School District For Being Selected As Delaware's Educational Support Professional Of The Year For 2023 And Commending Each School District And Charter Networks Educational Support Professional Of The Year.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution commends the 2023 Delaware Educational Support Professional of the Year, Heather Hitchens, and all of the District/Charter Network Educational Support Professionals of the Year.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing The Special Relationship Between Bethany Beach And The Town Of PÉriers In Normandy, France, And The Liberation Of PÉriers In World War Ii.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution recognizes the special relationship between Bethany Beach and Périers, France and the liberation of Périers in World War II.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing The Significance Of Asian American And Pacific Islander Month And The Contributions And Influence Of Asian Americans And Pacific Islanders On The History, Culture, And Achievements Of The State Of Delaware.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution recognizes Asian American and Pacific Islander Month and celebrates the contributions, culture, and resilience of the Asian American and Pacific Islander community in the State of Delaware and the United States.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Proclaiming The Week Of May 21st Through May 27, 2023 As Delaware Grown Week.. Description: This concurrent resolution proclaims the week of May 21-27, 2023 as Delaware Grown Week. It has been nine years since the General Assembly first partnered with the Delaware Department of Agriculture to establish this annual observation to facilitate better, healthier relationships between Delaware farmers and local consumers. Delaware Grown Week is celebrated annually the third full week of May. Successful passage of this resolution will continue this worthy collaboration.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing May 2023 As "foster Care Month" In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This resolution recognizes May 2023 as "Foster Care Month" in the State of Delaware.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Congratulating Israel On The 75th Anniversary Of Its Establishment And Reaffirming The Bonds Of Friendship And Cooperation Between The United States, Delaware, And Israel.. Description: This House Concurrent Resolution congratulates the State of Israel on the occasion of the 75th anniversary of its founding.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Directing The Delaware Department Of Health And Social Services To Issue A Report Analyzing Long-term Care.. Description: This Resolution requires the Department of Health and Social Services to submit a report no later than April 1, 2024 detailing recommendations for the revision of the Delaware Code and the Delaware Administrative Code related to long-term care. The report is also required to outline an implementation plan for a person-centered acuity model of long-term care staffing.
In 2023, Delaware enrolled a bill titled: Acknowledging June 2023 As Lgbtq+ Pride Month In Delaware.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution acknowledges June 2023 as LGBTQ+ Pride Month in the State of Delaware.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing The Student Officer Leadership Team And State Advisors From Across The State Of Delaware Participating In The 2022-2023 Session Of The Delaware Association Of Business Professionals Of America State Leadership Conference.. Description: This Resolution recognizes the State Officer Leadership Team participating in the 2022-2023 Delaware State Leadership competition and commends the Delaware Association of Business Professionals of America.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Commending Dana Carey Representing The Lake Forest School District For Being Selected As Delaware's Behavioral Health Professional Of The Year For 2023 And Commending Each School District And Charter Network's Behavioral Health Professional Of The Year.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution commends the 2023 Delaware Behavioral Health Professional of the Year, Dana Carey, and all of the District/Charter Network Behavioral Health Professionals of the Year.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Directing The Division Of Research And Legislative Information Systems Team Of The Office Of The Controller General To Investigate The Cost Of, Impact Of, And Methods And Timeframe For Implementing A Requirement To Include Hyperlinks To Laws Cross-referenced In Legislation And Delaware Laws Published By The General Assembly.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution does all of the following:
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing The Young Men From Across The State Of Delaware Participating In The 2023 Session Of Delawares Boys State.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution recognizes the young men participating in the 2023 session of Delawares Boys State and commends its sponsor, the American Legion Department of Delaware.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: To Support The Counties Of The State Of Delaware In Their Effort To Research And Study The Needs And Finances Of The Volunteer Fire Services And Paid Ambulance Entities Of The State Of Delaware.. Description: This resolution encourages support for the counties of this State in their effort to research and study the needs and finances of the volunteer fire services and paid ambulance entities of the State of Delaware.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Proclaiming June 17th As Delaware Day Of Service.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution proclaims June 17th as Delaware Day of Service.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing The Month Of June As National Homeownership Month In Delaware.. Description: This resolution recognizes June 2023 as National Homeownership Month in Delaware.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizng June 25th, 2023 As World Vitiligo Day Within The State Of Delaware. Description: This concurrent resolution recognizes June 25, 2023 as World Vitiligo Day in Delaware.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing June 19, 2023, As "juneteenth National Independence Day" In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This Resolution proclaims June 19, 2023. as Juneteenth National Independence Day in Delaware and encourages the people of Delaware to reflect upon the significant roles and many contributions of African Americans and to celebrate this day with appropriate activities and events.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Commemorating The 50th Anniversary Of The National Wild. Description: This Resolution recognizes and commemorates the 50th anniversary of the National Wild Turkey Federation and acknowledges its significant contributions to wildlife management, habitat conservation, and outdoor traditions in the State of Delaware.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing June As Caribbean American Heritage Month In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This concurrent resolution recognizes the month of June 2023 as Caribbean American Heritage Month in the State of Delaware.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Counties And Municipalities Confer And Provide Recommendations For Improving Accessible Parking Infrastructure, Enforcement, And Compliance To The General Assembly.. Description: This resolution asks representatives from New Castle County, Kent County, Sussex County, and the League of Local governments to convene to provide recommendations for improving accessible parking enforcement, compliance, signage, and uniformity in the State of Delaware.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Directing The Delaware Department Of Health And Social Services To Submit A Request For Information On Conducting A Statewide Needs Assessment Related To Alzheimers Disease Or Related Dementias.. Description: This resolution requests the Delaware Department of Health and Social Services submit a report detailing the findings of the request for information on conducting a statewide needs assessment.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing June 2023 As "post-traumatic Stress Injury Month" And June 27, 2023 As "post-traumatic Stress Injury Day".. Description: This Resolution recognizes June 2023 as Post-Traumatic Stress Injury Month and June 27, 2023, as Post-Traumatic Stress Injury Day, and encourages State agencies to continue their work educating victims of assault or abuse, combat, serious accidents, and natural disasters about the causes, symptoms, and treatment of PTSI.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing The Month Of November As Gluten-free Diet Awareness Month.. Description: This resolution recognizes November 2023 as Gluten-Free Diet Awareness Month in Delaware.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Honoring The Young Women From Across The State Of Delaware Participating In The 2023 Session Of Delaware Girls State.. Description: This concurrent resolution recognizes and honors the young women of Delaware participating in the 2023 session of Delaware Girls State.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing June 25th-july 1st, 2023 As "deafblind Awareness Week. Description: "This resolution recognizes the week of June 25th-July 1st, 2023 as "Deafblind Awareness Week."
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Designating October As Dyslexia Awareness Month In Delaware.. Description: This concurrent resolution designates October of each year as Dyslexia Awareness Month in Delaware. According to the United States National Institute of Health, dyslexia is a learning disability that can hinder a persons ability to read, write, spell, and sometimes speak. Dyslexia is the most common learning disability in children and persists throughout life with 10 percent of the population or one out of every 10 people in the United States suffering from dyslexia.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Commending The Students Selected As Secretary Of Education Scholars For 2023.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution commends and congratulates the Secretary of Education Scholars for 2023.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Directing The Delaware Department Of Human Resources To Assess College Degree Requirements For State Positions And To Provide A Report On Hiring And Promotional Practices.. Description: This resolution directs the Delaware Department of Human Resources to publish a report detailing hiring and promotional practices, specifying jobs requiring degrees, outlining findings from the 18-month review of state positions, and providing insights into recent changes' impact on over 350 Family Service positions. The resolution directs the department to present recommendations for extending similar changes to other state jobs. The Secretary and the Department are directed to develop a comprehensive written progress report, encompassing these aspects, to the General Assembly on or before December 31, 2024, ensuring transparency and accountability in the state's pursuit of a more inclusive workforce.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing The Month Of January 2024 As "human Trafficking Awareness Month" In Delaware.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution recognizes January 2024 as Human Trafficking Awareness Month in Delaware.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Providing That A Joint Session Of The House Of Representatives And The Senate Be Convened For The Purpose Of Receiving The Annual State Of The State Address By The Honorable John C. Carney, Governor Of The State Of Delaware.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution provides for a Joint Session of the House of Representatives and the Senate to be convened for the purpose of hearing an address by the Honorable John C. Carney, Governor of the State of Delaware.
In 2024, Delaware enrolled a bill titled: Recognizing Our Common Humanity And Our Concern Regarding The Israel-hamas War.. Description: This concurrent resolution expresses the State of Delaware General Assemblys concern for the loss of life in the Israel-Hamas war and calls on the legislature and the citizens of Delaware to recognize our common humanity and the shared strength of our diversity.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing The 10th Anniversary Of The Office Of Animal Welfare.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution recognizes the 10th Anniversary of the Office of Animal Welfare and its commitment to fostering a culture of responsible pet ownership and ensuring the welfare of our beloved animal companions.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Designating January 21-27, 2024 As Certified Registered Nurse Anesthetists' Week In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This concurrent resolution designates January 21-27, 2024 as Certified Registered Nurse Anesthetists' (CRNA) Week in the State of Delaware.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Designating The Week Of February 11 - 17, 2024 As Children Of Alcoholics Week.. Description: This concurrent resolution designates the week of February 11-17, 2024, as Children of Alcoholics Week and calls upon Delawareans to break the silence and talk to their family and friends about alcoholism.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Extending The Reporting Date Of The Firearm Definition Task Force.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution extends the due date of the findings and recommendations report of the Firearm Definition Task Force from January 5, 2024, to March 8, 2024.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Designating The Week Of February 24- March 2, 2024 As Public Schools Week And Honoring Delawares Educators And Staff.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution designates the week of February 24-March 2, 2024 PUBLIC SCHOOLS WEEK and commends the hard work of educators and staff. It also calls upon Delawareans to support public schools.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing The Easterseals/cai Volleyball Challenge And The Volleyball Ambassador, Brian Perry In The 18th Year Of Democrat And Republican Team Participation.. Description: This resolution recognizes the Easterseals/CAI Volleyball Challenge occurring March 9 at William Penn High School and April 20 at Delaware State University, an event that raises funds for an organization providing services and support to Delawareans with disabilities and senior citizens and their families.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing The Holy Month Of Ramadan And Muslim Residents Of This State As They Observe Ramadan.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution recognizes Ramadan and Muslim residents of this State as they observe Ramadan.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Designating March 8th, 2024 As International Womens Day In Delaware.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution designates March 8th, 2024 as International Womens Day in Delaware.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Designating March 2024 As Womens History Month In Delaware And Honoring The Leadership And Achievements Of Women Throughout Our States Rich History.. Description: This resolution designates March 2024 as Womens History Month in Delaware to raise awareness and celebrate the contributions of women in our society, and for the greater good of our nation.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Designating March 12, 2024 As "equal Pay Day" In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This House Concurrent Resolution designates March 12, 2024 as "Equal Pay Day" in the State of Delaware.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing March 13, 2024, As Kappa Alpha Psi Day At The Capitol In Delaware.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution recognizes March 13, 2024, as Kappa Alpha Psi Fraternity, Incorporated or Kappa Alpha Psi Day at the Capitol in Delaware.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing March 14, 2024, As Be The One Day.. Description: This House Concurrent Resolution recognizes March 14, 2024 as Be The One Day" in the State of Delaware.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Designating March 27, 2024 As Medical Misdiagnosis Day.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution designates March 27, 2024 as Medical Misdiagnosis Day in Delaware.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing March 2024 As Social Work Month In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This Resolution recognizes the pertinent work of social workers throughout Delaware and the entire country, encourages the creation and expansion of Social Work programs, and recognizes March 2024 as Social Work Month in the State of Delaware.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing The Month Of March As Multiple Sclerosis Month In Delaware.. Description: This House Concurrent Resolution recognizes the month of March 2024 as Multiple Sclerosis Month in the State of Delaware.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing March 21, 2024, As "rock Your Socks For World Down Syndrome Day.". Description: This House Concurrent Resolution designates the 21st day of the Month of March 2024 as Rock Your Socks for World Down Syndrome Day and celebrates the beauty and contributions that people with Down syndrome make in Delaware.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Proclaiming The Month Of April 2024 As Sikh Awareness And Appreciation Month In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This House Concurrent Resolution proclaims the month of April 2024 as Sikh Awareness and Appreciation Month in the State of Delaware.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing March 21st 2024 As "rosie The Riveter Day" In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This House Concurrent Resolution recognizes March 21st, 2024, as "Rosie the Riveter Day" in the State of Delaware.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing May 10th As Major George S. Welch Day.. Description: This House Concurrent Resolution recognizes May 10th as Major George S. Welch Day in the State of Delaware.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing March 24, 2024 As Women And Girls In Stem Day In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This concurrent resolution designates March 24, 2024 as Women and Girls in STEM Day in the State of Delaware.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing April 2024 As Autism Acceptance And Inclusion Month And Recognizing Autism Delawares Service To The People Of Delaware.. Description: This House Concurrent Resolution recognizes April 2024 as Autism Acceptance and Inclusion Month and Autism Delaware's years of service to the people of Delaware.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing The Month Of April 2024 As The Annual National Fair Housing Month In The. Description: This House Concurrent Resolution recognizes the month of April 2024 as National Fair Housing Month in the State of Delaware.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Proclaiming The Day Of March 28 As We The Veterans Day.. Description: Through this resolution, we recognize the service and sacrifices Veterans have made for the safety of our nation and reaffirm our commitment to supporting and advocating for the needs of our Veteran community, ensuring that they receive the recognition, respect, care, and benefits they rightfully earned.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Designating April 7-13, 2024, As Delaware Library Week In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This concurrent resolution designates April 7-13, 2024 as "Delaware Library Week" in the State of Delaware.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing The Week Of April 11 Through April 17, 2024, As "black Maternal Health Awareness Week" In Delaware.. Description: This Resolution recognizes April 11 - 17, 2024, as "Black Maternal Health Awareness Week" in Delaware.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Designating April 24, 2024, As "4-h Day" In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution designates April 24, 2024, as "4-H Day" in the State of Delaware and calls upon Delaware's citizens to recognize the many contributions of the State's 4-H programs.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Reaffirming Commitment To Fostering Youth Advocacy For Public Policy.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution reaffirms the State of Delawares commitment to fostering an inclusive and participatory democracy where the voices of young people are valued, respected, and heard.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing The 4th Thursday In March As National Tuskegee Airmen Commemoration Day.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution supports Congressional efforts to proclaim the fourth Thursday in March a National Tuskegee Airmen Commemoration Day.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing April 2024 As "sexual Assault Awareness And Prevention Month" In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This Resolution recognizes April 2024 as Sexual Assault Awareness and Prevention Month in the State of Delaware and encourages all Delawareans to learn about and raise awareness of sexual violence.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing April 24, 2024, As Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority Or "aka Day At The Capitol" In Delaware.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution recognizes April 24, 2024, as Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, Incorporated or AKA Day at the Capitol in Delaware.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing April 21-27, 2024, As "crime Victims' Rights Week" In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution recognizes April 21-27, 2024, as "Crime Victims' Rights Week" in the State of Delaware. The following websites provide more information on Crime Victims' Rights Week and the resources available to victims and survivors of crime:
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Designating April 22nd To The 26th, 2024 As National Environmental Education Week In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This concurrent resolution designates the week of April 22nd to the 26th as National Environmental Education Week in the State of Delaware.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Promoting Minority Health Awareness And Supporting The Goals And Ideals Of National Minority Health Month In April 2024.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution promotes minority health awareness and supporting the goals and ideals of National Minority Health Month in April 2024, which include bringing attention to the health disparities faced by minority populations in the State of Delaware.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Honoring The Men And Women Of The National Guard Association Of Delaware For Their Service In Advocating, Organizing, Training, And Equipping The National Guard In Support Of The Defense Of Our State And Nation.. Description: This Resolution pays tribute to the men and women of the Delaware National Guard for their service and sacrifices in support of defending our state and nation, and recognizes the outstanding advocacy provided by the National Guard Association of Delaware.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Dedicating The Month Of April 2024 As Financial Literacy Month.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution dedicates the month of April 2024 as "Financial Literacy Month" in the State of Delaware.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing Significant Health Concerns Regarding Water Bead Toys.. Description: This concurrent resolution calls for parents, childcare centers and preschools to take precautions when allowing kids to play with water bead toys in light of the significant health concerns they present for Delaware children.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing May 7, 2024, As Delta Day At The Delaware Capital.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution recognizes the contributions of the Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, Inc. chapters in the State of Delaware and declares May 7, 2024, to be Delta Day at the Delaware Capital.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Designating The Week Of May 6-12 As "national Nurses Week" In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This resolution designates May 6-12 as "National Nurses Week" in Delaware.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing The Month Of May 2024 As Mental Health Awareness Month.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution recognizes the month of May 2024 as Mental Health Awareness Month.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Commending Cory Hafer Representing The Appoquinimink School District For Being Selected As Delaware's State Teacher Of The Year For 2024 And Commending Each School District's Teacher Of The Year.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution commends the 2024 Delaware State Teacher of the Year, Cory Hafer, and all of the District Teachers of the Year.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing May 6-10, 2024, As "teacher Appreciation Week" In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This resolution recognizes the week of May 6-10, 2024, as Teacher Appreciation Week.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing The Historic Sacrifices And Ongoing Contributions Of Delawares Direct Support Professionals Serving Vulnerable Adults With Intellectual/developmental Disabilities.. Description: This resolution recognizes the importance and expertise of Direct Support Professionals to the State of Delaware on the occasion of May 21st as Direct Support Professional Advocacy Day, co-sponsored by the Ability Network of Delaware A Team Delaware.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing The Month Of May As The Anniversary Of The Downtown Development District Program.. Description: This Concurrent resolution recognizes the Success of the Downtown Development District (DDD) Program on the tenth anniversary of its establishment.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing May 15, 2024, As Youth Prevention Day In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This House Concurrent Resolution designates May 15, 2024, as Youth Prevention Day in the state of Delaware.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Designating The Week Of May 12 To May 18 As "national Skilled Nursing Care Week" In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This resolution designates May 12-18 as National Skilled Nursing Care Week in Delaware.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Designating May As National Critical Care Awareness And Recognition Month.. Description: This House Concurrent Resolution designates May as National Critical Care Awareness and Recognition Month in the state of Delaware.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing May 16, 2024, As Zeta Phi Beta Sorority, Incorporated Day.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution recognizes May 16, 2024, as Zeta Phi Beta Sorority, Incorporated Day, or Z Phi B Day at the Capitol in Delaware.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Proclaiming The Week Of May 19th Through May 25, 2024, As Delaware Grown Week.. Description: This concurrent resolution proclaims the week of May 19-25, 2024, Delaware Grown Week. Ten years ago, the General Assembly first partnered with the Delaware Department of Agriculture to establish this annual observation to facilitate better, healthier relationships between Delaware farmers and local consumers. Delaware Grown Week is celebrated annually, the third full week of May. Successful passage of this resolution will continue this worthy collaboration.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing May 2024 As "foster Care Month" In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This concurrent resolution recognizes May 2024 as "Foster Care Month" in the State of Delaware.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing May 2024 As Stroke Awareness Month In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This House Concurrent Resolution recognizes the month of May as Stroke Awareness Month in the State of Delaware.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing The Month Of June As National Homeownership Month In Delaware.. Description: This resolution recognizes June 2024 as National Homeownership Month in Delaware.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing Speech-language Pathologists And Audiologists And Commending Their Skills And Contributions Towards Improving The Quality Of Life For The Citizens Of Delaware.. Description: This concurrent resolution recognizes and commends speech-language pathologists and audiologists throughout this State for their work with citizens of this State to lead independent, productive, and fulfilling lives.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing May 29th As De529 Day.. Description: This concurrent resolution recognizes May 29th as DE529 Day.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing The Nonprofits Of Delaware For Supporting The State And The Critical Resources They Provide To Delawareans.. Description: This House Concurrent Resolution recognizes the nonprofits of Delaware for supporting the State and the critical resources they provide to Delawareans.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing The 80th Anniversary Of The Allied Landing At Normandy During World War Ii.. Description: This resolution recognizes June 6, 2024 as the 80th anniversary of D-Day, when the Allied Troops landed at Normandy during WWII.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: This Concurrent Resolution Commends The 2024 Delaware Behavioral Health Professional Of The Year, Shannon Gronau, And All Of The District/charter Network Behavioral Health Professionals Of The Year.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution commends the 2024 Delaware Behavioral Health Professional of the Year, Shannon Gronau, and all of the District/Charter Network Behavioral Health Professionals of the Year.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Supporting The Recommendation Of The Redding Consortium For Educational Equity To Provide Immediate Support To Wilmington Public School Students And Planning For The Withdrawal Of The Christina School District From The City.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution supports the Redding Commission for Educational Equitys recommendations to move immediately to support Christina School Districts City of Wilmington students and to plan for the eventual withdrawal of the Christina School District from the City of Wilmington.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Honoring The Brandywine High School All-women Stem Team Of Olivia Erskine, Katherine Mcderby, Isabella Chermak, And Malti John For Their Innovative Redesign Of Board Games To Enhance Accessibility For Special Education Students.. Description: This House Concurrent Resolution honors the Brandywine High School All-Women STEM Team of Olivia Erskine, Katherine McDerby, Isabella Chermak and Malti John for Their Innovative Redesign of Board Games to Enhance Accessibility for Special Education Students
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing The Second Week Of October 2024 As Obesity Care Week In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This House Concurrent Resolution recognizes the second week of October 2024 as Obesity Care Week in the State of Delaware.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Requesting Medical Professionals To Provide Parents And Caregivers With Resources On Infant And Child Cpr And Basic First Aid Training.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution requests that medical professionals who engage in the provision of prenatal or postnatal care, delivery, or infant care services to provide parents and caregivers resources on infant and child CPR and basic first aid training.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Reaffirming The Longstanding Sisterhood Partnership Between Delaware And Taiwan.. Description: This House Concurrent Resolution reaffirms Delaware's commitment to strengthen the longstanding partnership with Taiwan, supports Taiwans efforts to secure the signing of a Bilateral Trade Agreement and an Avoidance of Double Taxation Agreement with the United States; commends Taiwans vibrant full-fledged democracy; supports the reopening of a Delaware Trade Office in Taiwan; and continues to support Taiwans meaningful participation and contributions in international organizations.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing The Young Men From Across The State Of Delaware Participating In The 2024 Session Of Delawares Boys State.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution recognizes the young men participating in the 2024 session of Delawares Boys State and commends its sponsor, the American Legion Department of Delaware.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing June As Caribbean American Heritage Month In The State Of Delaware.. Description: Recognizing the month of June as "Caribbean American Heritage Month" in the State of Delaware.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Honoring The Young Women From Across The State Of Delaware Participating In The 2024 Session Of Delaware Girls State.. Description: This concurrent resolution recognizes and honors the young women of Delaware participating in the 2024 session of Delaware Girls State.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Directing The Department Of Education And The Department Of Health And Social Services To Produce A Report Outlining The Creation Of A Student Injury Monitoring System.. Description: This House Concurrent Resolution directs the Department of Education and the Department of Health and Social Services to jointly produce a report outlining the creation of a student injury monitoring system. The system is intended to facilitate the sharing of injury information from medical professionals to school nurses, counselors, athletic trainers, and any other necessary medical professionals working in schools, focusing on injuries that require surgery, pain management, physical therapy, and concussions, while ensuring compliance with health information privacy laws. The report is to be submitted by August 31, 2025.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing September 2024 As Sickle Cell Disease Awareness Month In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This House Concurrent Resolution recognizes September 2024 as Sickle Cell Disease Awareness Month in the State of Delaware.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing The Month Of June 2024 As Pride Month In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This concurrent resolution recognizes the month of June 2024 as Pride Month in the state of Delaware.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Urging The State Of Maryland To Allow The Sale Of Certified Delaware Sod In Maryland.. Description: This Resolution urges the State of Maryland to allow the sale of certified Delaware sod in Maryland.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Urging Delaware's Higher Education Institutions To Provide Midwifery Education Programs.. Description: This concurrent resolution urges all higher education institutions in the State of Delaware having nursing programs to pursue and establish ACME-accredited pathways for becoming Certified Nurse-Midwives and Certified Midwives.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Designating October As Dyslexia Awareness Month In Delaware.. Description: This concurrent resolution designates October of each year as Dyslexia Awareness Month in Delaware. According to the United States National Institute of Health, dyslexia is a learning disability that can hinder a persons ability to read, write, spell, and sometimes speak. Dyslexia is the most common learning disability in children and persists throughout life with 10 percent of the population or one out of every 10 people in the United States suffering from dyslexia.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Commending The Students Selected As Secretary Of Education Scholars For 2024.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution commends and congratulates the Secretary of Education Scholars for 2024.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Urging The Establishment Of A Medical School In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This House Concurrent Resolution urges the establishment of a medical school in the State of Delaware; calls for the formation of a formal Steering Group to guide the planning and implementation of a medical school; encourages the pursuit of partnerships with established medical schools and other medical education programs; and commits to supporting efforts to secure necessary funding needed to establish a medical school.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing The Month Of November 2024 As Gluten-free Diet Awareness Month.. Description: This resolution recognizes November 2024 as Gluten-Free Diet Awareness Month in Delaware.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Honoring The Marine Corps 249th Birthday On November 10, 2024.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution honors the Marine Corps 249th Birthday on November 10, 2024.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing June 2024 As "post-traumatic Stress Injury Month" And June 27, 2024 As "post-traumatic Stress Injury Day".. Description: This Resolution recognizes June 2024 as Post-Traumatic Stress Injury Month and June 27, 2024, as Post-Traumatic Stress Injury Day, and encourages citizens of the state to continue their work educating victims of assault or abuse, combat, serious accidents, and natural disasters about the causes, symptoms, and treatment of PTSI.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Providing For A Joint Session Of The Senate And The House Of Representatives To Be Convened For The Purpose Of Hearing An Address By The Honorable John C. Carney, Jr., Governor Of The State Of Delaware.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution provides for Joint Session of the Senate and the House of Representatives to be convened for the purpose of hearing an address by the Honorable John C. Carney, Jr., Governor of the State of Delaware.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing January 9, 2023, As "law Enforcement Appreciation Day" In Delaware.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution recognizes January 9, 2023, as "Law Enforcement Appreciation Day" in the State of Delaware.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Requesting That The Division Of Substance Abuse And Mental Health Assess The Feasibility Of Replacing The Delaware Psychiatric Center.. Description: This Senate Concurrent Resolution requests that the Division of Substance Abuse and Mental Health assess the feasibility of replacing the Delaware Psychiatric Centers (DPC) facilities, including gathering input regarding DPCs current and future needs, and provide a report detailing the findings of this work by December 31, 2023.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Providing For A Joint Session Of The Senate And The House Of Representatives To Be Convened For The Purpose Of Hearing An Address By The Honorable John C. Carney, Jr., Governor Of The State Of Delaware.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution provides for Joint Session of the Senate and the House of Representatives to be convened for the purpose of hearing an address by the Honorable John C. Carney, Jr., Governor of the State of Delaware.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Honoring The Life And Work Of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. On The Occasion Of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Day".. Description: This Senate Concurrent Resolution honors and recognizes the leadership, achievements, and sacrifices of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. and urges all citizens of the First State to participate fittingly in the observance of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. Day on January 16, 2023.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Designating The Week Of February 27 To March 5, 2023 As "eating Disorders Awareness And Prevention Week" In Delaware.. Description: This Senate Concurrent Resolution designates the week of February 27 to March 5, 2023, as "Eating Disorders Awareness and Prevention Week" in Delaware and encourages the Department of Health and Social Services to research methods to raise awareness of, prevent, and treat eating disorders.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Designating February 28, 2023, As "rare Disease Day" In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This Senate Concurrent Resolution recognizes February 28, 2023, as "Rare Disease Day" in Delaware.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing January 2023 As "national Mentoring Month" In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This resolution recognizes January 2023 as "National Mentoring Month" in the State of Delaware.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing March 2, 2023 As "delaware Giving Day.". Description: This resolution recognizes March 2, 2023, as "Delaware Giving Day."
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Designating The Week Of January 22 - 28, 2023, As "school Choice Week" In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This Senate Concurrent Resolution designates January 22-28, 2023, as "School Choice Week" in the State of Delaware.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing March 18, 2023 As National Public Defense Day.. Description: This Resolution recognizes March 18, 2023, as National Public Defense Day.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Declaring Gun Violence A Public Health Crisis.. Description: This Senate Concurrent Resolution declares that gun violence is a public health crisis, that ending the gun violence devastating Delaware is a policy priority, and supporting policy and legislative solutions that will make schools safe, confront armed hate and extremism, prevent suicide, and center and support survivors of gun violence.
In 2023, Delaware enrolled a bill titled: Directing The Department Of Education To Review And Provide Recommendations On Mandatory Educator Trainings.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution requests the Department of Education conduct a review of mandatory trainings for educators and report back to the General Assembly their findings and recommendations.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing March 14, 2023, As "pi Day" In Delaware.. Description: This Senate Concurrent Resolution designates March 14, 2023, as Pi Day in the State of Delaware.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Proclaiming The Month Of April 2023 As Sikh Awareness And Appreciation Month In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This Senate Concurrent Resolution proclaims the month of April 2023 as Sikh Awareness and Appreciation Month in the State of Delaware.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing March 2023 As "colorectal Cancer Awareness Month" In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This Senate Concurrent Resolution recognizes March 2023 as "Colorectal Cancer Awareness Month" in the State of Delaware.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing May 11, 2023 As Delaware Local Government Day In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This Senate Concurrent Resolution recognizes May 11, 2023 as Delaware Local Government Day in the State of Delaware.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Establishing The Delaware Interscholastic Athletic Association (diaa) Task Force.. Description: This concurrent resolution establishes the Delaware Interscholastic Athletic Association (DIAA) Task Force.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing March 25th As "greek Independence Day" In Delaware.. Description: This resolution recognizes March 25th as Greek Independence Day in Delaware.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Designating June 9, 2023, As "freshwater Wetlands Day" In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This Senate Concurrent Resolution designates June 9, 2023, as "Freshwater Wetlands Day" in the State of Delaware.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Designating March 26, 2023, As "epilepsy Awareness Day" In Delaware.. Description: This resolution designates March 26, 2023, as "Epilepsy Awareness Day" in Delaware and calls upon State agencies and the people of Delaware to undertake suitable efforts to increase epilepsy awareness.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing March 29, 2023, As "national Vietnam War Veterans Day In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This Senate Concurrent Resolution recognizes March 29, 2023, as "National Vietnam War Veterans Day" in Delaware.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing April 2 Through 8, 2023, As "week Of The Young Child" In Delaware.. Description: This resolution recognizes April 2 through 8, 2023, as Week of the Young Child in Delaware.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing April 2023 As "child Abuse Prevention Month" In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This Resolution recognizes April 2023 as "Child Abuse Prevention Month" in the State of Delaware.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing The Month Of April 2023 As "parkinson's Disease Awareness Month" In The State Of The Delaware.. Description: This Resolution recognizes April 2023 as "Parkinson's Disease Awareness Month" in the State of Delaware.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing Christian Holy Week And Passover In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution recognizes Christian Holy Week and Passover in the State of Delaware.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Commemorating The Outstanding Achievements And Contributions Made By Scottish Americans To The United States By Proclaiming April 6, 2023, As National Tartan Day.. Description: This resolution designates April 6, 2023, as "National Tartan Day" and commemorates the outstanding achievements and contributions made by Scottish-Americans to the United States.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Designating The Week Of April 9 To April 15, 2023 As "social Equity Week" In Delaware.. Description: This Senate Concurrent Resolution designates the week of April 9 to April 15, 2003 as "Social Equity Week" in Delaware and urges all citizens of Delaware to participate in activities and events that promote social equity.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing The Week Of April 11 Through April 17, 2023 As "black Maternal Health Awareness Week" In Delaware.. Description: This Resolution recognizes April 11-17 2023, as "Black Maternal Health Awareness Week" in Delaware.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing April 23-29, 2023, As "crime Victims' Rights Week" In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution recognizes April 23-29, 2023, as "Crime Victims' Rights Week" in the State of Delaware. The following websites provide more information on Crime Victims' Rights Week and the resources available to victims and survivors of crime:
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Proclaiming April 2023 As "second Chance Month" In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This Senate Concurrent Resolution proclaims April 2023 as "Second Chance Month" in the State of Delaware.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Designating May 17, 2023, As Tardive Dyskinesia Awareness Week In Delaware.. Description: This resolution designates the week of May 1-7, 2023, as "Tardive Dyskinesia Awareness Week" in Delaware.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Congratulating The Winners Of The 32nd Annual Delaware High School Mock Trial Program.. Description: This resolution congratulates the winning teams from the 2023 Delaware High School Mock Trial Program.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing April 18, 2023 As "national Line Worker Appreciation Day" In The State Of. Description: This Senate Concurrent Resolution recognizes April 18, 2023 as "National Line Worker Appreciation Day" in the
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Observing April 2023, As The 2023 Month Of The Military Child In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution observes April 2023, as the 2023 Month of the Military Child in the State of Delaware. This Resolution also recognizes the late Colonel Dr. Ronald G. Sarg (USAF, ret.) and his participation and commitment on the MIC3 (Military Interstate Childrens Compact Commission) State Council.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing April 29, 2023 As "world Wish Day" In Delaware.. Description: This concurrent resolution recognizes April 29, 2023, as "World Wish Day" in Delaware.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Designating April 23-29, 2023, As Delaware Library Week In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This Resolution designates April 23-29, 2023, as "Delaware Library Week" in the State of Delaware.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing Thursday, April 27, 2023, As "take Our Daughters And Sons To Work Day" In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This resolution recognizes April 27, 2023, as "Take Our Daughters and Sons to Work Day."
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Celebrating The 100th Anniversary Of The Delaware State Police. Description: This Senate Concurrent Resolution celebrates the 100th Anniversary of the Delaware State Police and recognizes them for their service to the citizens of Delaware.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing 2023 As The 100th Anniversary Of The Founding Of The Seaford Kiwanis Club.. Description: This Senate Concurrent Resolution recognizes 2023 as the 100th Anniversary of the founding of the Seaford Kiwanis Club.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing May 1 To May 6, 2023, As "auctioneers Week" In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This Senate Concurrent Resolution recognizes May 1 to May 6, 2023, as "Auctioneers Week" in the State of Delaware.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing The Educational Equity Impact Of The Community Education Building As A Significant Innovation For The Students And Families Of Wilmington And Delaware.. Description: This resolution recognizes the Community Education Building, located at 1200 N. French Street, in Wilmington, Delaware, together with its partners, as a leader in educational innovation and impact in the lives of students and their families. They are recognized for their work in providing direct wraparound services to students and families, their collaborative model with resident partner nonprofits, and their on-site support services for their four schools.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing May 5, 2023, As Maternal Mental Health Awareness Day In Delaware.. Description: This Resolution recognizes May 5, 2023, as Maternal Mental Health Awareness Day in Delaware.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing The Month Of May 2023 As "healthy Vision Month" In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This Senate Concurrent Resolution recognizes the month of May 2023 as "Healthy Vision Month" in the State of Delaware.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Designating The Week Of May 8-12, 2023, As "charter Schools Week" In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This Senate Concurrent Resolution designates the week of May 8-12, 2023, as "Charter Schools Week" in the State of Delaware and commends Delaware's public charter schools for their efforts in educating Delaware students.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Proclaiming May 2023 "cystic Fibrosis Awareness Month" In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This Senate Concurrent Resolution proclaims May 2023 "Cystic Fibrosis Awareness Month" in the State of Delaware.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing May 2023 As "older Americans Month" In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This Senate Concurrent Resolution recognizes May 2023 as "Older Americans Month" in the State of Delaware.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing May 7-13, 2023, As "youth Health Awareness And Prevention Week" In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This concurrent resolution designates May 7-13, 2023, as "Youth Health Awareness and Prevention Week" in the State of Delaware.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Acknowledging The Importance Of Mobile Integrated Health And Community Paramedicine Services In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution acknowledges the importance of Mobile Integrated Health and Community Paramedicine and encourages stakeholders to collaborate and support its expansion.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Designating May 2023 As "small Business Month" In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This Senate Concurrent Resolution designates May 2023 as "Small Business Month" in the State of Delaware.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Designating The Month Of May 2023 As "lupus Awareness Month" In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This concurrent resolution designates May 2023 as "Lupus Awareness Month" in the State of Delaware and encourages expanded efforts to keep Delaware residents properly informed about Lupus symptom recognition and treatment.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Commending The Food Bank Of Delaware For Its Contribution To The State Of Delaware.. Description: This Senate Concurrent Resolution commends the Food Bank of Delaware for its contributions towards ending hunger and addressing the root causes or poverty in the State of Delaware through its increased statewide impact.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Proclaiming May 11, 2023, As Home Care Advocacy Day In The State Of Delaware.. Description: The resolution proclaims May 11, 2023, as "Home Care Advocacy Day" in Delaware.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Proclaiming May 2023 As "community Action Month" In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This Senate Concurrent Resolution proclaims May 2023 as "Community Action Month" in the State of Delaware.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing The Advocacy Efforts Of The Youth-led Kick Butts Generation Organization.. Description: This Senate Concurrent Resolution recognizes the advocacy efforts of the youth-led Kick Butts Generation organization.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Supporting A Forthcoming Federal Resolution Recognizing Thomas Garrett As A Heroic Abolitionist.. Description: This Senate Concurrent Resolution supports a forthcoming federal resolution recognizing Thomas Garrett as a heroic abolitionist.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Designating The Month Of May 2023 As "lyme Disease Awareness Month" In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This Senate Concurrent Resolution designates the month of May 2023 as "Lyme Disease Awareness Month" in the State of Delaware.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing May 22, 2023 As National Maritime Day.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution recognizes May 22, 2023 as National Maritime Day in Delaware.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Designating May 25, 2023, As Africa Day In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This Senate Concurrent Resolution designates May 25, 2023, as Africa Day in Delaware.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Designating May 18, 2023, As Global Accessibilty Awareness Day In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This resolution designates May 18, 2023 as "Global Accessibility Awareness Day" in the State of Delaware, affirms the importance of making the internet and technology accessible to all, and encourages expanded efforts to keep Delaware residents properly informed about the need for equitable digital access and inclusion.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing The Important Contributions Of The Amerihealth Caritas Mobile Wellness Units.. Description: This Resolution recognizes the contributions of the AmeriHealth Caritas mobile unit to the communities it serves.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Amending The Delaware Interscholastic Athletic Association (diaa) Task Force.. Description: This resolution makes changes to Senate Concurrent Resolution No. 19 in that it adds 2 additional Task Force members, authorizes the Task Force to create subcommittees, allows for the appointment of 1 Task Force member by the Co-Chairs, and changes the dates of the Task Forces' first meeting and the submission of its report.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Establishing The Non-acute Long-stay Patient Task Force To Study And Make Findings And Recommendations Regarding The Needs And Options Of Non-acute Hospital Patients In Need Of Transfer To A Lower Acuity Care Setting.. Description: This concurrent resolution establishes the Non-Acute Long-Stay Patient Task Force to study and make findings and recommendations regarding the needs and options of non-acute Long-Stay hospital patients in need of transition to a more appropriate care setting. Long-Stay is defined as patients that have been in the hospital for 15 days or more and no longer have an acute medical need warranting hospitalization. These individuals are awaiting transition because access to a more appropriate care setting is unavailable. This means there are individuals in acute medical hospital beds that no longer need to be, but various barriers such as lack of insurance coverage, delayed authorization or guardianship, barriers to admission into behavioral health facilities or long-term care, and more, are preventing them from acute medical hospital discharge. This unnecessarily increases health care costs and can have a negative impact on the patients who are missing out on getting the specialized care they need at a more appropriate care facility. This also means longer wait times for other patients in hospital emergency rooms as there is less bed availability. This concurrent resolution establishes a task force to study and make recommendations on these issues.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing July 27, 2023, As "black Womens Equal Pay Day In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This resolution recognizes July 27, 2023, as "Black Women's Equal Pay Day" in the State of Delaware and encourages all Delawareans to join in recognizing the contributions Black women have made in every aspect of life, and the sacrifices they have made to champion equality.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Designating October 16-22, 2023, As "free Speech Week" In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This Senate Concurrent Resolution designates October 16-22, 2023 as "Free Speech Week" in the State of Delaware.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing November 2023 As "autoimmune Disease Awareness Month" In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This Senate Concurrent Resolution recognizes November 2023 as "Autoimmune Disease Awareness Month" in the State of Delaware.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing The First Full Week In June As "delaware Gun Violence Prevention Week" In Delaware.. Description: This resolution proclaims the first full week of June as the "Delaware Gun Violence Prevention Week" in the State of Delaware, in which we remember and honor all survivors of gun violence and ask that all Delawareans consider ways that we as a community can reduce gun violence - including storing all firearms securely.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing May 25, 2023, As Stop The Bleed Day In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This resolution recognizes May 25, 2023, as Stop the Bleed Day in Delaware.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Designating July 26, 2023, As Americans With Disabilities Act Day In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This Resolution designates July 26, 2023, as "Americans with Disabilities Act Day" in the State of Delaware.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing September 2023 As "prostate Cancer Awareness" Month In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This Senate Concurrent Resolution recognizes September 2023 as "Prostate Cancer Awareness Month" in the State of Delaware.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Congratulating The Class Of 2022 Eagle Scouts For Having Attained The Highest Rank One Can Earn In The Boy Scouts Of America.. Description: This Senate Concurrent Resolution congratulates the class 2022 Eagle Scouts for having attained the highest rank one can earn in the Boy Scouts of America.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing The Importance Of Community Health Workers And June 12-18, 2023, As "community Health Improvement Week" In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This Senate Concurrent Resolution recognizes the importance of community health workers as well as "Community Health Improvement Week" in the State of Delaware.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Proclaiming Monday, June 12, 2023, As "women Veterans Day" In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This Senate Concurrent Resolution proclaims Monday, June 12, 2023, as Women Veterans Day in the State of Delaware.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Proclaiming October 28, 2023, As National First Responders Day In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This Senate Concurrent Resolution proclaims Saturday, October 28, 2023, as National First Responders Day in the State of Delaware.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Honoring Uso Delaware For Its Important And Inspiring Work Supporting Military Members And Their Families.. Description: This resolution honors USO Delaware for their important and inspiring work supporting military members and their families.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Proclaiming Friday, October 6, 2023, As "national Coaches Day" In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This Senate Concurrent Resolution proclaims Friday, October 6, 2023, as National Coaches Day in the State of Delaware
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Establishing The Enhancing Lifelong Community Supports For The Aging, Individuals With Disabilities, And Their Family Caregivers Task Force.. Description: This concurrent resolution establishes the Enhancing Lifelong Community Supports for the Aging, Individuals with Disabilities, and Their Family Caregivers Task Force.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing The Month Of June 2023 As Myasthenia Gravis Awareness Month In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution recognizes the month of June 2023 as Myasthenia Gravis Awareness Month in the State of Delaware.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing June 15, 2023, As "delaware Elder Abuse Awareness Day".. Description: This Concurrent Resolution recognizes June 15, 2023, as "Delaware Elder Abuse Awareness Day" and encourages all of Delaware's citizens to learn about how to protect and nurture our elderly citizens.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing August 26, 2023, As "womens Equality Day In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This resolution recognizes August 26, 2023, as "Women's Equality Day" in Delaware.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing October 18, 2023, As "financial Aid Day" In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This resolution recognizes October 18, 2023, as "Financial Aid Day" in Delaware.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing August 17, 2023, As National Nonprofit Day In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This resolution recognizes August 17, 2023, as "National Nonprofit Day" in Delaware.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Designating Saturday, September 30, 2023, As "gfwc Delaware Step Up To End Hunger Day Of Service" In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This resolution designates Saturday, September 30, 2023, as "GFWC Delaware Step Up to End Hunger Day of Service" in the State of Delaware.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Celebrating The 75th Anniversary Of Camp Barnes.. Description: This resolution celebrates the 75th anniversary of Camp Barnes and its dedication to the youth of the State of Delaware.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Delaware Department Of Natural Resources And Environmental Control To Update Their 2022 Report To The Governor And Legislature On Options For A Nontidal Wetlands Permitting Program.. Description: This Senate Concurrent Resolution requests that the Delaware Department of Natural Resources and Environmental Control update the analysis and recommendations presented in the Senate Joint Resolution No. 2 Report utilizing the new information provided by the most recently promulgated federal wetlands regulations and the results of the Supreme Court case, Sackett vs. EPA, by September 30, 2023.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing The Month Of October 2023 As "depression Awareness Month" In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This Senate Concurrent Resolution proclaims the month of October 2023 as Depression Awareness Month in the State of Delaware.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Extending Heartfelt Best Wishes To The Members Of The Delaware State Bar Association, As That Venerable Organization Celebrates The 100th Anniversary Of Its Establishment As A Modern State Bar Association.. Description: This Senate Concurrent Resolution extends heartfelt congratulations and best wishes to members of the Delaware State Bar Association on the occasion of the 100th Anniversary of the establishment of the modern bar association in 1923.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Requesting An Assessment Of The Feasibility Of Using Surplus Real Property Owned By The State For The Development Of Affordable Housing.. Description: This resolution requests the Office of Management and Budget to conduct an assessment of using State surplus real property for the development of affordable housing.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Encouraging State Agencies And Businesses Within The State To Purchase Delaware-grown Foods From State Agriculture And Aquaculture Operations.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution encourages institutions, agencies, entities, and businesses that operate within Delaware, to purchase Delaware-grown food and value-added items. The Resolution also directs the Delaware Council on Farm and Food Policy to work with state agencies, higher education institutions, and other partners to prepare a report outlining current local procurement efforts to support a locally sourced food economy in Delaware, and to submit the report to the Governor and the members of the General Assembly by June 30, 2024. In addition, any updates on efforts must be submitted by December 31, 2024.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing October 8, 2023, As "national Latina Womens Equal Pay Day In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This resolution recognizes October 8, 2023 as "National Latina Women's Equal Pay Day" in the State of Delaware and encourages all Delawareans to join in recognizing the contributions Latina women have made in every aspect of life, and the sacrifices they have made to champion equality.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Reaffirming The Longstanding Partnership Between The State Of Delaware And Taiwan.. Description: This Senate Concurrent Resolution reaffirms Delawares commitment to strengthen the longstanding partnership with Taiwan, supports Taiwans efforts to secure the signing of a Bilateral Trade Agreement and an Avoidance of Double Taxation Agreement with the United States; commends Taiwans vibrant full-fledged democracy; and continues to support Taiwans meaningful participation and contributions in international organizations.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing Title Ix's 51st Anniversary And Its Positive Impact On Students.. Description: This resolution recognizes the 51st anniversary of Title IX and its positive impact on students.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing June 2023 As Alzheimers And Brain Awareness Month.. Description: This resolution recognizes June 2023 as Alzheimer's and Brain Awareness Month and urges all Delawareans to wear purple to help spread awareness of Alzheimer's and all other dementia.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Designating The Month Of June 2023 As "cytomegalovirus Awareness Month" In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This resolution designates the month of June 2023 as Cytomegalovirus Awareness Month in the State of Delaware and recommends providing those in close contact with infants and children education and informational resources on preventative measures that can be taken to protect infants and children from the virus.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Designating June 28, 2023, As Stonewall Uprising Remembrance Day In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This resolution affirms the importance of the recognition of LGBTQIA+ people and their many achievements and designates June 28. 2023 as "Stonewall Uprising Remembrance Day" in the State of Delaware. It also encourages expanded efforts to keep Delaware residents properly informed about the need for acceptance, and equitable treatment, of LGBTQIA+ individuals.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Designating October 12, 2023, As "national Farmer's Day" In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This Senate Concurrent Resolution designates October 12, 2023, at "National Farmer's Day" in the State of Delaware.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Extending The Deadline Of The Enhancing Lifelong Community Supports For The Aging, Individuals With Disabilities, And Their Family Caregivers Task Force.. Description: This concurrent resolution extends the deadline for the task force to compile and submit a report from March 2, 2024, to May 31, 2024.
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Designating March 26, 2019, As "rare Disease Day" In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This House Concurrent Resolution recognizes March 26, 2019, as "Rare Disease Day" in Delaware.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing The Importance Of Compassionate Release And Making A Commitment To Consider Modifications To Delaware's Early Release Framework For Incarcerated People.. Description: This resolution recognizes that the compassionate release of incarcerated peoplesuch as elderly individuals experiencing infirmities, in addition to individuals in terminal or severe medical circumstancescan promote individual and community-wide justice while preserving public safety and realizing fiscal efficiencies. The resolution acknowledges the merit of immediately considering early release of all statutorily eligible incarcerated persons and commutation for individuals who would be eligible if Delaware were to have a stronger model of compassionate release, encourages all stakeholders involved in such consideration to assist, and pledges that the General Assembly will explore and consider potential modifications to Delawares early-release framework.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Creating The "victims' Bill Of Rights Committee.". Description: This Concurrent Resolution creates the Victims' Bill of Rights Committee to study and make findings and recommendations regarding the Victims' Bill of Rights.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing October 1, 2023, As "fafsa Day" In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This resolution recognizes October 1, 2023, as "FAFSA Day" in Delaware.
In 2023, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Establishing The Firearm Definition Task Force.. Description: This Resolution establishes the Firearm Definition Task Force (Task Force) to do all of the following:
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Establishing The Delaware Aquaculture Task Force.. Description: This Resolution establishes the Delaware Aquaculture Task Force.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing January 9, 2024, As "law Enforcement Appreciation Day" In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution recognizes January 9, 2024, as "Law Enforcement Appreciation Day" in the State of Delaware.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Extending The Reporting Date Of The Victims Bill Of Rights Committee.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution extends the reporting date of the Victims Bill of Rights Committee from January 15, 2024 to March 1, 2024.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing March 5, 2024, As "alpha Phi Alpha Legislative Day At The Capitol" In Delaware.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution recognizes March 5, 2024, as Alpha Phi Alpha Fraternity, Incorporated or Alpha Phi Alpha Day at the Capitol in Delaware. It honors Alpha Phi Alpha Fraternity, Incorporated as an organization that has provided a voice and a strong vision to the struggle of African Americans and people of color in the State of Delaware and around the world.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Honoring The Life And Work Of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. On The Occasion Of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Day".. Description: This Senate Concurrent Resolution honors and recognizes the leadership, achievements, and sacrifices of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. and urges all citizens of the First State to participate fittingly in the observance of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. Day on January 15, 2024.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Extending A Warm Welcome To Jack Chambers, Td, Minister Of State, Republic Of Ireland.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution welcomes Minister Jack Chambers upon his visit to the State of Delaware.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Designating The Month Of February 2024 As Turner Syndrome Awareness Month In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This concurrent resolution designates February 2024 as Turner Syndrome Awareness Month in the State of Delaware.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Designating The Month Of February 2024 As Career And Technical Education Month In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This concurrent resolution designates February 2024 as Career and Technical Education Month in the State of Delaware to urge all citizens to become familiar with the services and benefits offered by the career and technical education programs in their communities, and to support and participate in these programs to enhance their individual skills and productivity.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing February 4, 2024, As "uso Day" In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This Senate Concurrent Resolution recognizes February 4, 2024, as "USO Day" in the State of Delaware and honors USO Delaware for its important and inspiring work supporting military members and their families.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing And Celebrating The Chinese New Year 2024.. Description: This resolution recognizes and celebrates the Chinese New Year 2024.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Honoring The Leadership And Achievements Of African Americans And Urging The Celebration Of Black History Month.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution honors and recognizes the leadership and achievements of African Americans and urges the celebration of Black History Month.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Extending The Reporting Date Of The Delaware Interscholastic Athletic Association ("diaa") Task Force.. Description: This concurrent resolution extends the due date of the findings and recommendations report of the Delaware Interscholastic Athletic Association Task Force from March 1, 2024, to April 30, 2024.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Designating February 29, 2024, As "rare Disease Day" In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This Senate Concurrent Resolution recognizes February 29, 2024, as "Rare Disease Day" in Delaware.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing March 7, 2024, As "delaware Giving Day.". Description: This resolution recognizes March 7, 2024, as "Delaware Giving Day."
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Establishing The Student Behavior And School Climate Task Force.. Description: This concurrent resolution establishes the Student Behavior and School Climate Task Force.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing March 18, 2024, As "national Public Defense Day".. Description: This Resolution recognizes March 18, 2024, as "National Public Defense Day" in Delaware.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Designating The Month Of June 2024, As "eating Disorders Awareness And Prevention Month" In Delaware.. Description: This Senate Concurrent Resolution designates the month of June 2024, as "Eating Disorders Awareness and Prevention Month" in Delaware and encourages the Department of Health and Social Services to research methods to raise awareness of, prevent, and treat eating disorders.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Designating The Week Of March 11 Through March 15, 2024, As Civic Learning Week In Delaware.. Description: This resolution designates the week of March 11 through March 15, 2024, as Civic Learning Week in the State of Delaware to encourage schools and civic organizations to hold educational programs regarding civic duty and urge Delawareans to reflect upon the importance of their civic duty and responsibilities.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing The 100th Anniversary Of The Establishment Of Diplomatic Relations Between The United States Of America And Ireland.. Description: This Senate Concurrent Resolution recognizes the 100th anniversary of the establishment of diplomatic relations between the United States of America and Ireland.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Designating The Month Of March 2024 As "march For The Arts" In Delaware.. Description: This Senate Concurrent Resolution designates the Month of March 2024 as March for the Arts in Delaware to recognize the critical role that the arts play in providing a well-rounded education for Delawares youth.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing The Month Of March 2024, As Kidney Month In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This Senate Concurrent Resolution recognizes March 2024, as "Kidney Month" in Delaware.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing The Week Of March 17 Through March 23, 2024, As National Agriculture Week In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This resolution recognizes the week of March 17 through March 23, 2024, as National Agriculture Week in Delaware
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing Christian Holy Week And Passover In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution recognizes Christian Holy Week and Passover in the State of Delaware.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Designating March 26, 2024, As Epilepsy Awareness Day" In Delaware.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution designates March 26, 2024, as "Epilepsy Awareness Day" in Delaware and calls upon State agencies and the people of Delaware to undertake suitable efforts to increase epilepsy awareness.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing June 19, 2024, As "juneteenth National Independence Day" In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This Resolution proclaims June 19, 2024, as "Juneteenth National Independence Day" in Delaware and encourages the people of Delaware to reflect upon the significant roles and many contributions of African Americans, and to celebrate this day with appropriate activities and events.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing May 2024 As "older Americans Month" In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This Senate Concurrent Resolution recognizes May 2024 as "Older Americans Month" in the State of Delaware.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Proclaiming April 2024 As "second Chance Month" In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This Senate Concurrent Resolution proclaims April 2024 as "Second Chance Month" in the State of Delaware.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing March 2024 As "colorectal Cancer Awareness Month" In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This Senate Concurrent Resolution recognizes March 2024 as "Colorectal Cancer Awareness Month" in the State of Delaware.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Proclaiming October 28, 2024, As National First Responders Day In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This Senate Concurrent Resolution proclaims Monday, October 28, 2024, as National First Responders Day in the State of Delaware.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing The Month Of April 2024 As "parkinson's Disease Awareness Month" In The State Of The Delaware.. Description: This Resolution recognizes April 2024 as "Parkinson's Disease Awareness Month" in the State of Delaware.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing March 29, 2024, As "national Vietnam War Veterans Day In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This Senate Concurrent Resolution recognizes March 29, 2024, as "National Vietnam War Veterans Day" in Delaware.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing The Delaware Municipal Electric Corporation And Community-owned, Not-for-profit Electric Utilities Throughout Delaware By Designating March 27, 2024, As "demec Day" In Delaware.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution recognizes The Delaware Municipal Electric Corporation, known as DEMEC, and community-owned, not-for-profit electric utilities throughout Delaware for their dedication to serving communities with programs that save energy and money, and with renewable projects that lower emissions to benefit the environment. This Resolution also celebrates DEMECs upcoming 45th anniversary and over 100 years of reliable and safe electric service from Delawares local public power utilities by proclaiming March 27, 2024, as "DEMEC Day."
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Commemorating The Outstanding Achievements And Contributions Made By Scottish Americans To The United States By Proclaiming April 6, 2024, As National Tartan Day.. Description: This resolution designates April 6, 2024, as "National Tartan Day" and commemorates the outstanding achievements and contributions made by Scottish-Americans to the United States.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Honoring The History Of World War Iis Tuskegee Airmen And The Delawareans Who Served Therein.. Description: This Senate Concurrent Resolution seeks to preserve the history of the famed World War II Black aviation units making up the Tuskegee Airmen. It also honors the Airmen as a group and names 13 Delawareans who have been identified thus far as having been members of the component units making up the Tuskegee Airmen.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing April 6 Through 12, 2024, As "week Of The Young Child" In Delaware.. Description: This resolution recognizes April 6 through 12, 2024, as Week of the Young Child in Delaware.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Observing April 2024, As The "2024 Month Of The Military Child" In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution observes April 2024, as the "2024 Month of the Military Child" in the State of Delaware.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing Thursday, April 25, 2024, As "take Our Children To Work Day" In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This resolution recognizes April 25, 2024, as "Take Our Children to Work Day."
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing April 2024 As "child Abuse Prevention Month" In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This Senate Concurrent Resolution recognizes April 2024 as "Child Abuse Prevention Month" in the State of Delaware.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing April 18, 2024, As "national Line Worker Appreciation Day" In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This Senate Concurrent Resolution recognizes April 18, 2024, as "National Line Worker Appreciation Day" in the State of Delaware.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing The 80th Anniversary Of The Sussex Conservation District.. Description: This Senate Concurrent Resolution recognizes the 80th Anniversary of the Sussex Conservation District and its commitment to provide technical guidance and financial assistance to enhance, maintain, protect, and improve land and water resources.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing April 2024 As Limb Loss And Limb Difference Awareness Month In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This Senate Concurrent Resolution recognizes April 2024 as Limb Loss and Limb Difference Awareness Month in the State of Delaware.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing May 1, 2024, As "maternal Mental Health Awareness Day" In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This Resolution recognizes May 1, 2024, as "Maternal Mental Health Awareness Day" in Delaware.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing April 29 To May 4, 2024, As "auctioneers Week" In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This Senate Concurrent Resolution recognizes April 29 to May 4, 2024, as "Auctioneers Week" in the State of Delaware.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing April 25, 2024, As Sigma Gamma Rho Day At The Capitol In Delaware.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution recognizes April 25, 2024, as Sigma Gamma Rho Sorority, Incorporated  Delaware Chapters or Sigma Gamma Rho Day at the Capitol in Delaware.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing April 29, 2024, As "world Wish Day" In Delaware.. Description: This concurrent resolution recognizes April 29, 2024, as "World Wish Day" in Delaware.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing The Month Of May 2024 As "healthy Vision Month" In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This Senate Concurrent Resolution recognizes the month of May 2024 as "Healthy Vision Month" in the State of Delaware.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Designating May 2024 As "small Business Month" In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This Senate Concurrent Resolution designates May 2024 as "Small Business Month" in the State of Delaware.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing May 11, 2024, As "national Train Day In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This resolution recognizes May 11, 2024, as "National Train Day".
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing May 9, 2024, As Delaware Local Government Day In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This Senate Concurrent Resolution recognizes May 9, 2024, as Delaware Local Government Day in the State of Delaware.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Division Of Medicaid And Medical Assistance To Issue A Report Assessing Home Care In Delaware.. Description: This resolution requests the Division of Medicaid and Medical Assistance to study and issue a report assessing the home care industry in Delaware. The DMMA is requested to use specified home care codes for their report and conduct various analyses. The DMMA is requested to make their report available for the public.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Designating May 5  11, 2024, As Tardive Dyskinesia Awareness Week In Delaware.. Description: This resolution designates May 5-11, 2024, as Tardive Dyskinesia Awareness Week and encourages anyone experiencing uncontrollable, abnormal, and repetitive movements to consult their healthcare provider regarding their symptoms.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Proclaiming May 16, 2024, As Home Care Advocacy Day In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution proclaims May 16, 2024, as "Home Care Advocacy Day" in Delaware to recognize the dedication and hard work of caregivers, to emphasize the critical importance of access to quality home care services for Delawares aging residents to live independently and age with dignity, and to advocate for policies and resources that support the delivery of high-quality, person-centered care in the home setting.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Proclaiming The Month Of May 2024 "cystic Fibrosis Awareness Month" In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This Senate Concurrent Resolution proclaims the month of May 2024 "Cystic Fibrosis Awareness Month" in the State of Delaware.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Designating The Month Of May 2024 As "lyme Disease Awareness Month" In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This Senate Concurrent Resolution designates the month of May 2024 as "Lyme Disease Awareness Month" in the State of Delaware.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Designating The Week Of May 13-17, 2024, As "charter Schools Week" In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This Senate Concurrent Resolution designates the week of May 13-17, 2024, as "Charter Schools Week" in the State of Delaware and commends Delaware's public charter schools for their efforts in educating Delaware students.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Designating May 27, 2024, As Brain Cancer Awareness Day In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution designates May 27, 2024, as Brain Cancer Awareness Day in the State of Delaware. Brain Cancer Awareness Day brings attention to the experiences of individuals affected by brain cancer and empowers them to share their stories, which helps overcome stigmas, corrects misconceptions, fosters a supportive community for patients and their families, and helps patients and caregivers to navigate their journey with greater knowledge and support by sharing resources, support networks, and information about available services. Brain Cancer Awareness Day is critical to educating the public about brain cancer and to supporting research funding for effective brain cancer treatments including targeted therapies, immunotherapies, and ultimately a cure.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Designating May 16, 2024, As Global Accessibility Awareness Day In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This resolution designates May 16, 2024, as "Global Accessibility Awareness Day" in the State of Delaware, affirms the importance of making the internet and technology accessible to all, and encourages expanded efforts to keep Delaware residents properly informed about the need for equitable digital access and inclusion.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Proclaiming The Month Of May 2024 As "community Action Month" In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This Senate Concurrent Resolution proclaims the month of May 2024 as "Community Action Month" in the State of Delaware.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Marking May 17, 2024, As The 70th Anniversary Of Brown V. Board Of Education Of Topeka, And Commemorating Delawares Part In That Landmark Case.. Description: This resolution marks May 17, 2024, as the 70th anniversary of the U.S. Supreme Courts landmark decision in the Brown v. Board of Education of Topeka case and honors the courage and fortitude of all who sparked the action leading to the Bulah v. Gebhart and Belton v. Gebhart cases in Delaware. It also recognizes that the work against institutional racism must be continued by all Delawareans.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Establishing A Study Group To Review And Recommend Compensatory Payments For Certain Tax-exempt Properties Owned By The State.. Description: This Act creates the Study Group to Review and Recommend Compensatory Payments for Certain Tax-Exempt Properties Owned by the State to review and evaluate § 8318 of Title 29 and make recommendations regarding the eligibility criteria that should be used to determine which municipalities to receive compensatory payments for tax-exempt property owned by this State ("compensatory payments"), the amount that should be appropriated for compensatory payments, the formulas used to calculate compensatory payments, and how to periodically review this appropriation, eligibility criteria, and formulas no less than every 10 years.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Designating May 21, 2024, As Wastewater Management And Drinking Water Management Professionals' Day In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This Senate Concurrent Resolution designates May 21, 2024, as "Wastewater Management and Drinking Water Management Professionals Day" in the State of Delaware.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing May 22, 2024 As National Maritime Day.. Description: This resolution recognizes May 22, 2024, as National Maritime Day in the State of Delaware.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Commending The Food Bank Of Delaware And Its Network Of Program Partners For Its Contribution To The State Of Delaware.. Description: This Senate Concurrent Resolution commends the Food Bank of Delaware for its contributions toward ending hunger and resolving the root causes of poverty in the State of Delaware through its increased statewide impact.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Honoring The National Conference Of State Legislatures As It Prepares To Mark The 50th Anniversary Of Its Establishment In 1975.. Description: This Senate Concurrent Resolution honors the National Conference of State Legislatures, and its members, leadership, and staff, past and present, for its outstanding work as it prepares to mark 50 years of service to the Delaware General Assembly and the legislatures of other U.S. states, territories, and commonwealths.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing May 23, 2024, As Stop The Bleed Day In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This resolution recognizes May 23, 2024, as Stop the Bleed Day in Delaware.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Designating September 15-21, 2024, As "adult Education And Family Literacy Week' In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution designates September 15-21, 2024, as "Adult Education and Family Literacy Week" in the State of Delaware.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing The Valuable Contribution That The Lions Clubs International Makes To Our Local Communities, As Well As To The World At Large, By Designating June 12, 2024, As "delaware State Lions Day" In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This Senate Concurrent Resolution recognizes the valuable contributions that the Lions Clubs International makes to our local communities, as well as the world at-large, by designating June 12, 2024, as "Delaware State Lions Day" in the State of Delaware.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Congratulating The Class Of 2023 Eagle Scouts For Having Attained The Highest Rank One Can Earn In The Boy Scouts Of America.. Description: This Senate Concurrent Resolution congratulates the class 2023 Eagle Scouts for having attained the highest rank one can earn in the Boy Scouts of America.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Proclaiming Wednesday, June 12, 2024, As "women Veterans Day" In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This Senate Concurrent Resolution proclaims Wednesday, June 12, 2024, as Women Veterans Day in the State of Delaware.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Designating October 21-27, 2024, As "free Speech Week" In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This Senate Concurrent Resolution designates October 21-27, 2024, as "Free Speech Week" in the State of Delaware.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Designating June 12, 2024, As Loving Day In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This resolution designates June 12, 2024, as Loving Day in the State of Delaware and reaffirms a commitment to the principles of equality, freedom, and justice for all. Loving Day contributes to building a society that values and respects the fundamental human rights of all individuals, regardless of their race or ethnicity.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Designating October 6, 2024, As A Day Of Honor For The Marquis De Lafayette In Delaware.. Description: This Resolution designates October 6, 2024 as a day of Honor for the Marquis de Lafayette in Delaware.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing June 15, 2024, As "delaware Elder Abuse Awareness Day".. Description: This resolution recognizes June 15, 2024, as "Elder Abuse Awareness Day" in Delaware.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Designating The Week Of June 10-16, 2024, As "national Men's Health Week" In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This Senate Concurrent Resolution designates the week of June 10-16, 2024, as "National Men's Health Week" in the State of Delaware.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing September 2024 As "prostate Cancer Awareness Month" In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This Senate Concurrent Resolution recognizes September 2024 as "Prostate Cancer Awareness Month" in the State of Delaware.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Proclaiming June 17th As "delaware Day Of Service".. Description: This Senate Concurrent Resolution proclaims June 17th as "Delaware Day of Service".
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Honoring Harvey Bernard Rubenstein, Esq. For His Half Century Of Service As A Member Of The Delaware Heritage Commission And His Distinguished Career Of Service To The State Of Delaware.. Description: This Senate concurrent resolution honors Wilmington attorney, historian and author Harvey Bernard Rubenstein on his 50 years of service as a member of the Delaware Heritage Commission, on the occasion of his being elevated by the Commission to emeritus status and thanks him for his years of service to our state as a truly public-spirited citizen.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing The Importance Of Community Health Workers And June 10-14, 2024, As "community Health Improvement Week" In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This Senate Concurrent Resolution recognizes the importance of community health workers as well as Community Health Improvement Week in the State of Delaware.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing The Importance Of Establishing A Statewide Cerebral Palsy Registry.. Description: This resolution raises awareness of cerebral palsy and highlights the need for a statewide cerebral palsy registry in the State of Delaware.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing Title Ix's 52nd Anniversary And Its Positive Impact On Students.. Description: This resolution recognizes the 52nd anniversary of Title IX and its positive impact on students.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Designating The Month Of July 2024 As "american Pride Month" In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This Senate Concurrent Resolution designates the month of July 2024 as "American Pride Month" in the State of Delaware.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing November 2024 As "autoimmune Disease Awareness Month" In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This Senate Concurrent Resolution recognizes November 2024 as "Autoimmune Disease Awareness Month" in the State of Delaware.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Proclaiming October 6, 2024, As "national Coaches Day" In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This Senate Concurrent Resolution proclaims October 6, 2024, as National Coaches Day in the State of Delaware.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Commemorating The 30th Anniversary Of The Delaware Center For The Inland Bays.. Description: This Senate Concurrent Resolution commemorates the 30th anniversary of the Delaware Center for the Inland Bays.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Directing The Delaware Interscholastic Athletic Association (diaa) To Analyze Data Regarding The Disparity In Public And Private School Team Championship Sanctioned Events.. Description: This Senate Concurrent Resolution directs the DIAA to analyze data regarding the disparity in public and private school team championship sanctioned events.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Designating October 12, 2024, As "national Farmer's Day" In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This Senate Concurrent Resolution designates October 12, 2024, at "National Farmer's Day" in the State of Delaware.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Proclaiming The Month Of October 2024 As "depression Awareness Month" In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This Senate Concurrent Resolution proclaims the month of October 2024 as Depression Awareness Month in the State of Delaware.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing July 18, 2024, As The 50th Anniversary Of The Victims' Compensation Assistance Program.. Description: This Senate Concurrent Resolution recognizes July 18, 2024, as the 50th anniversary of the Victims Compensation Assistance Program in the State of Delaware.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing The Month Of June 2024 As Myasthenia Gravis Awareness Month In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution recognizes the month of June 2024 as Myasthenia Gravis Awareness Month in the State of Delaware.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing June 2024, As "alzheimers And Brain Awareness Month" In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This resolution recognizes June 2024, as Alzheimer's and Brain Awareness Month and urges all Delawareans to wear purple to help spread awareness of Alzheimer's and all other dementias.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Designating October 9-16, 2024, As Dyspraxia Awareness Week In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This resolution designates October 9-16, 2024, as Dyspraxia Awareness Week" in the State of Delaware, affirming the importance of widespread awareness and support for individuals with dyspraxia, and encouraging expanded efforts to foster a culture of inclusivity and understanding in Delaware.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Requesting A Report From The Delaware Department Of Education To Follow Up On The Recommendations Contained In The 154-page Delaware Drug Prevention Curriculum Task Force Report.. Description: Because of the serious consequences of the drug overdose epidemic, this Senate Concurrent Resolution respectfully requests a report from the Delaware Department of Education to follow up on the recommendations contained in the 154-page Delaware Drug Prevention Curriculum Task Force Report.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Establishing The Public Education Funding Commission.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution establishes the Public Education Funding Commission to continue the comprehensive review of public education funding for all students and populations served by district and charter schools, develop a roadmap of recommendations to implement improvements to the public education funding system, and serve as an ongoing body to review the funding annually and recommend updates and changes.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Congratulating The Winners Of The 33rd Annual Delaware High School Mock Trial Program.. Description: This resolution congratulates the winning teams from the 2024 Delaware High School Mock Trial Program.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Acknowledging The Accessible Housing Shortage For Persons With Disabilities In Delaware And Directing The Introduction Of Legislation Related To Universally Accessible Housing.. Description: This resolution recognizes and affirms the importance of awareness and action on the need for universally accessible housing in Delaware through pending legislation.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Designating July 26, 2024, As Americans With Disabilities Act Day In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This Resolution designates July 26, 2024, as Americans with Disabilities Act Day in the State of Delaware.
In 2024, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Directing The Delaware Division Of Public Health To Develop A Plan Conducting A Statewide Public Health Outreach Campaign Related To Alzheimers Disease Or Related Dementias.. Description: This Senate Concurrent Resolution directs the Delaware Division of Public Health to develop and release a strategic plan to implement a public health outreach campaign to assess trends, possible messaging, cost of messaging and delivery to communities of need, service needs, resources, and strategies to educate healthcare providers on Alzheimer's Disease and related dementias. In crafting the strategic plan, the Division of Public Health is directed to collaborate with various stakeholders, and the plan must include a strategy for identifying and pursuing federal funding opportunities. Finally, the Division of Public Health is directed to submit the strategic plan to the Governor, all members of the General Assembly, the Controller General, and the Director of the Office of Management and Budget no later than November 1, 2024.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: Establishing A Task Force To Improve School-based Mentoring And Literacy Education Efforts In Delaware.. Description: This Joint Resolution creates a bi-partisan School Mentoring and Literacy Task Force, designed to expand volunteer mentoring and literacy education in Delaware schools ,with a report due on June 1, 2023.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: The Official General Fund Revenue Estimate For Fiscal Year 2023.. Description: This Resolution provides the official revenue, refund, and unencumbered funds estimates for Fiscal Year 2023.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: This Resolution Provides The Official Revenue, Refund, And Unencumbered Funds Estimates For Fiscal Year 2024.. Description: This Resolution provides the official revenue, refund, and unencumbered funds estimates for Fiscal Year 2024.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: Directing The Department Of Services For Children, Youth & Their Families To Explore Participating In The Federal Iv-e Guardianship Assistance Program.. Description: This Senate Joint Resolution directs the Department of Services for Children, Youth & Their Families to explore participating in the federal title IV-E Guardianship Assistance Program to increase support to relative guardians and facilitate permanency solutions for Delaware youth in foster care.
In 2023, Delaware passed a bill titled: Designating August 31, 2023, As "international Overdose Awareness Day" In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This resolution designates August 31, 2023, as "International Overdose Awareness Day" in the State of Delaware, affirms the importance of overdose awareness, and encourages expanded efforts to keep Delaware residents properly informed of the grief that comes from losing a loved one to overdose.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: Directing All Electric Utilities In Delaware That Offer Net Metering To Solar Customers To Participate In A Cost-benefit Study And Analysis Of Net Metering, Including Cost Burdens And Cost Shifting, To Be Undertaken By The Delaware Sustainable Energy Utility.. Description: This resolution directs all electric utilities in Delaware that offer net metering to solar customers to participate in a cost-benefit study and analysis of net metering in Delaware being undertaken by the Delaware Sustainable Energy Utility to address issues such as cost burdens and cost shifting to non-solar customers.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 19 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Minimum Wage.. Description: This bill provides for gradual increases in the Delaware minimum wage to $15 over a period of several years.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: Directing The Division Of Motor Vehicles To Opt Into A Federal Exemption To Develop A "school Bus Only - Commercial Driver's License".. Description: This Joint Resolution directs the Division of Motor Vehicles to opt into the FMCSAs federal exemption that allows for first time CDL applicants seeking a school bus only endorsement on their drivers license. An applicants school bus only endorsement would only apply to intrastate operation of a school bus. The Division of Motor Vehicles is directed to implement this policy by May 1, 2024.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: Directing Certain Professional Licensure Boards To Review And Revise Applications For Compliance With The Americans With Disabilities Act And Directing The Licensure Boards And The Department Of Justice To Provide Reports.. Description: This resolution directs health care professional licensure boards to review their existing professional licensure application language to revise or remove all intrusive and stigmatizing language around mental health care and treatment and replace it with language that meets the threshold requirements of the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 (Pub. L. 101-336. 26 July 1990), by focusing on present functional impairment and the ability to perform the essential requirements of the applicants profession with or without a reasonable accommodation. This resolution builds on the progress that the State of Delaware made in removing structural barriers to clinicians seeking mental health and wellbeing treatment through the enactment of Senate Bill 300 in 2022. The resolution also directs each licensure board and the Division of Professional Regulation to submit a report to the General Assembly by February 28, 2025 regarding the boards' review of their applications and certifying that the applications comply with the Americans with Disabilities Act.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: Designating August 31, 2024, As "international Overdose Awareness Day" In The State Of Delaware And Requiring The State Flag To Be Flown At Half-staff In Observance.. Description: This Joint Resolution designates August 31, 2024, as "International Overdose Awareness Day" in the State of Delaware and requires that in observance, the State flag be flown at half-staff at State facilities. By recognizing International Overdose Awareness Day, this Joint Resolution affirms the importance of overdose awareness, remembers those who have died from overdose, and acknowledges the grief suffered from losing a loved one to overdose.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: The Official General Fund Revenue Estimate For Fiscal Year 2024.. Description: This Resolution provides the official revenue, refund, and unencumbered funds estimates for Fiscal Year 2024.
In 2024, Delaware passed a bill titled: The Official General Fund Revenue Estimate For Fiscal Year 2025.. Description: This Resolution provides the official revenue, refund, and unencumbered funds estimates for Fiscal Year 2025.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 4 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Alcoholic Liquors.. Description: Food and drink establishments suffered great losses since March, 2020 due to the pandemic including millions of dollars in lost sales and the loss of an tens of thousands of jobs in this State. This Act extends the provisions contained in HB 349 from the 150th General Assembly until March 31, 2022 with the goal of continuing the efforts to try and mitigate the losses this industry has suffered.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 18 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Standard Nonforfeiture Law For Individual Deferred Annuities.. Description: This Act incorporates recent changes adopted by the National Association of Insurance Commissioners to Model Law #805 Standard Nonforfeiture Law  Individual Deferred Annuities that address the impact on annuity products by the current low interest rate environment. Generally speaking, the standard Nonforfeiture Law requires that an individual deferred annuity contract provide the contract holder with a paid-up annuity or cash surrender benefits of a minimum amount if the contract holder surrenders the policy (e.g. stops making payments) during the accumulation period. The nonforfeiture amount is the deferred annuitys accumulated value, minus certain charges (such as prior withdrawals and loans), based on interest rate minimums regulated by statute. Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, market interest rates have fallen so low as to render unrealistic the old statutory rates that insurance companies were required to use in determining the amount to return to contract holders. The NAIC has determined this threatens the availability of annuity products to consumers and, as such, adopted a change to the interest rate from 1% to 0.15%.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 3 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Rabies Control.. Description: Section 1 clarifies the definitions for animal exposed to rabies, control and observation, exotic animals, human exposed to rabies, owner, rabid animal, rabies vector species, strict quarantine, scratch, and suspect rabid animal. Section 2 clarifies the reporting requirements for a medical practitioner, hospital, veterinarian, or other person with knowledge of a person or animal suspected of being exposed to rabies. Section 3 requires veterinarians providing rabies vaccines to be licensed veterinarians and removes the Department of Natural Resources and Environmental Control from the list of entities authorized to inspect a cat or ferret owners certificate of a valid rabies vaccination. Section 4 provides that no licensed veterinarian or other person may vaccinate a native wild animal, a native wild animal hybrid, an exotic mammal or an exotic mammal hybrid with a rabies vaccine not intended for use in that animal except when specifically approved by the Department of Agriculture. Section 6 modifies the requirements for management of animals exposed to rabies including requirements for reports of suspected rabies exposure, requirements for release of quarantine, reporting of conditions of quarantine, disposition during quarantine, and surrender of dogs, cats, or ferrets for quarantine. Section 7 clarifies the responsibility and liability of an owner of an animal known or suspected to have exposed a human to rabies. Section 7 also establishes that law enforcement canines are not subject to being quarantined after biting a person if such bit occurred while the dog was being used for a law enforcement purpose. Section 10 removes the provision allowing the Director of Division of Public Health to require the reporting of all cases where humans were bitten by an animal known to transmit rabies.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 25 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Rent Increase Dispute Resolution.. Description: If a community owner proposes a rent increase that exceeds the Consumer Price Index For All Urban Consumers in the Philadelphia-Wilmington-Atlantic City area (CPI-U), then the Delaware Manufactured Home relocation Authority is mandated to hold a final meeting between the community owner and the affected homeowners, and the homeowners association to discuss the reasons for the proposed increase. This Act allows the following to attend the final meeting: (1) the homeowners designee; (2) the homeowners attorney; (3) The attorney for the homeowners association; (4) A representative from the Delaware Manufactured Home Owners Association; and (5) Elected Delaware officials.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 11 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Adult Correction Healthcare Review Committee.. Description: This Act makes permanent and temporary changes to the Adult Correction Healthcare Review Committee ("ACHRC") which is a committee that serves in an advisory capacity to the Governor, General Assembly and the Commissioner of the Department of Correction on all matters relating to the provision of inmate health care services. The permanent changes include adding to ACHRC a healthcare professional who by virtue of the professional's training, education, and specialization hold expertise in correctional health and allowing either a psychiatrist or forensic psychologist to serve as a member.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Drinking Water.. Description: This Act mandates that the Department of Natural Resources and Environmental Control and the Division of Public Health establish maximum contaminant levels for specific contaminants found in drinking water in this state. Such contaminants include PFOA and PFOS, which are man-made chemicals. In certain studies, these chemicals were found to be associated with increased risks of chronic diseases. The Environmental Protection Agency, thus far, has not established a maximum contaminant levels, but have issued health advisories. The establishment of maximum contaminant levels is essential in order to protect the health and safety of all Delawareans from contaminants in drinking water.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 11 Of The Delawae Code Relating To Crimes.. Description: This Act adds the term adjudication to this section of the criminal code to enable juvenile defendants to petition the court for their adjudications of delinquency to be vacated and their juvenile criminal record to be expunged in regard to crimes, other than defined violent felonies, committed as a direct result of being victims of human trafficking.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 9 Of The Delaware Code Relating To New Castle County Property Tax Rates.. Description: This Act represents the work and recommendations of the Local Service Functions Task Force created by House Concurrent Resolution No. 54 of the 150th General Assembly (Task Force). The Task Force held 17 meetings during 2019 and 2020 and after considerable research and discussion, the members of the Task Force unanimously approved recommending these changes to the New Castle County budgeting process. In order to implement these changes for the Fiscal Year 2023 budget (FY 23 Budget), the first deadline in this Act that New Castle County must meet is January 31, 2021.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 30 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Taxes On Personal Income.. Description: Section 1 of this Act modifies Delawares Earned Income Tax Credit (EITC) to allow recipients to choose the most beneficial credit to be applied against their Delaware Personal Income Taxes. Under this Act, recipients can choose between a non-refundable credit of up to 20% of the value of the corresponding federal EITC or a refundable EITC credit of up to 4.5% of the value of the corresponding federal EITC.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 2 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Complete Community Enterprise Districts.. Description: This Act revises the requirements for the shape of a Complete Community Enterprise Districts (District) to maximize the use of transit, walking, and bicycling by residents and employees. Specifically, this Act does all of the following:
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 21 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Electric Bicycles.. Description: This bill defines and regulates electric bicycles. Section 1 adds electric bicycles to the definitions contained in Title 21. Section 2 includes electric bicycle operators and passengers as vulnerable users when on a highway, crosswalk, road shoulder or sidewalk and prescribes rights and responsibilities attendant to the operation of electric bicycles. Section 3 adds electric bicycles to the definition of vehicle.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 14 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Provision Of Free Feminine Hygiene Products.. Description: This bill requires all public and charter schools which have students in grades 6-12 to provide free feminine hygiene products in 50% of the bathrooms used by students who can have a menstrual cycle. This bill also requires schools to publish on its website and post in its common areas the locations of the bathrooms where the hygiene products are provided. Finally, this bill provides that each school must consult with its school nurse regarding the products to be provided.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 24 Of The Delaware Code Relating To An Advanced Practice Registered Nurse Compact.. Description: This Act adopts the Advanced Practice Registered Nurse Compact. The Compact benefits the public by improving continuity of care, increasing license portability for advanced practice registered nurses, and increasing access to APRN care. Under the Compact, APRNs licensed in a Compact member state may practice in another Compact member state. In adopting the Compact, the state-based licensure system is preserved but communication between states is enhanced.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 21 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Suspension Of Vehicle Dealership Owners Dealership License.. Description: This legislation closes several loopholes that dealers have been using to get around suspended or revoked dealership licenses. Currently the Division of Motor Vehicles will suspend or revoke a dealer license, and the dealer will get a family member or friend to apply for a dealership license and employ the suspended dealer at the dealership in a managerial, financial, or sales capacity thereby negating the suspension or revocation. This legislation closes that loophole by preventing a dealer who has had their license suspended, revoked, or renewal refused from being employed at Delaware licensed dealerships for periods of time commensurate with their revocation or suspension. Additionally, to prevent a further loophole wherein the dealer would simply turn in their dealer license upon receiving notice by the Division that their license will be revoked, suspended, or renewal refused, if the licensee chooses not to defend themselves they would be prohibited for the same time periods as if their license had been suspended, revoked, or renewal refused and be unable to do any of the qualifying employment for that period of suspension. This bill also extends the period of time of prohibited employment if the dealer does not turn in division documents and plates in its possession at the time of suspension or revocation. This bill does not seek to bar individuals from employment in other auto industry sectors such as auto repairs so long as they do not work at those dealerships in any of the prohibited positions.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 15 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Elections.. Description: This bill provides for election day registration for presidential primary, primary, special, and general elections whereas currently the deadline is the fourth Saturday prior to the date of the election. Moreover, same day registration at polling places will be permitted with submission of an application along with a copy of a current and valid government issued photo identification or a current government document displaying the name and address of the person registering to vote. The effective date is January 1, 2022.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Titles 10 And 11 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Prosecution Of Juveniles.. Description: This Act requires the Department of Services for Children, Youth and Their Families ("DSCYF'') to have exclusive jurisdiction over all aspects of a childs care, custody and control when a child is convicted of a Superior Court offense. The Act establishes that from a date certain, no more juveniles would be transferred to the custody of the Department of Correction upon their adjudication and Level V sentence in Superior Court. The Act also provides that when a juveniles case is transferred to Superior Court, a reverse amenability hearing must be filed within 60, not 30, days of arraignment and that the time period may be enlarged by the Court for good cause.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 21 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Reports Of Accidents.. Description: This bill increases the minimum amount of property damage that triggers the mandatory reporting of a vehicular collision to police from $500 to $2,000. This bill also increases the minimum amount of property damage requiring police agencies to investigate from $1,000 to $2,000. This increase makes Delaware more consistent with other states and reflects the Legislatures intention in 1997 to increase the amount annually by $100.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 15 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Changing Candidacy To A Different Office.. Description: This Act eliminates the ability of a candidate to change their candidacy to become a candidate for a different office after the deadline for notification of candidacy has passed.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 25 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Rules And Regulations Relating To Certain Buildings Single Room Lease.. Description: This bill requires a landlord to provide 15 days written notice to a single room tenant prior to the termination of a rental agreement for any reason other than a material violation. This notice provision ensures that the tenant has time to find suitable housing prior to the termination of their current lease, while still permitting a landlord to quickly remove a tenant renting a single room within a house.
In 2021, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 15 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Primary Elections.. Description: Section 1 of this bill moves the date of primary elections for statewide office, county office, and municipal office to the fourth Tuesday in April, which is the date of the presidential primary (in presidential election years). The dates for submitting and withdrawing notification of candidacy have been adjusted accordingly. Section 2 of the bill changes the deadline for a minor political party selecting its candidate at the partys convention. Section 3 of the bill changes the deadline for filing certificates of nomination from September 1st to April 1st. Section 4 changes the closed period in which a voter is not allowed to change his or her political affiliation to match the 60-day limit in 15 Del. C. § 3189 for presidential primaries.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 11 Of The Delaware Code By Repealing Provisions Relating To Abortion.. Description: This bill repeals certain provisions in Title 11 relating to abortion including provisions which treat abortion differently than other medical procedures, and provisions which criminalize women and the sale of medical devices and medicines.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 16 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Trash Containers On Highways.. Description: This Act provides all law-enforcement officers the authority to enforce the existing labeling requirements for dumpsters that are in a public road or parking lot.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 24 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Physician Assistants.. Description: This bill changes the relationship between physicians and physician assistants from supervisory to collaborative, in recognition of the evolving role of physician assistants and reflecting the education, training, and experience required for licensing, which emphasizes the team-based practice model. The bill retains a 1:4 ratio of physician assistants to physicians, unless a regulation of the Board increases or decreases the number. This limit of 1:4 does not apply to physicians and physician assistants who practice in the same physical office or facility building, such as an emergency department. This bill adds 2 physician assistants members recommended by the Regulatory Council for Physician Assistants to the Board of Medical Licensure and Discipline in lieu of 2 public members. The bill authorizes physician assistants to participate as uncompensated volunteers in public or community events.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend The Charter Of The City Of Seaford Relating To Elections, Registration Of Voters, Appointments Of Non-elected Officials, And Month Elected Officials Are Sworn In.. Description: This bill removes the option of allowing notification to the public of candidates for Mayor and City Council by posting the names of such candidates in at least five (5) public places in the City rather than having this information published in a newspaper of local and/or general circulation; incorporates City Council's decision to move the Delaware Department of Elections' voter registration system, effective for the 2022 municipal elections; incorporates the City Council's decision to continue utilizing the "Book of Registered Voters" only for non-resident property owners; conforms the titles of the City's election officials to the titles used in Chapter 75 of Title 15 of the Delaware Code entitled "Municipal Elections"; corrects the month during which the elected officials are sworn in and the Vice Mayor elected; and removes the reference to a specific meeting during which appointments of non-elected City officials and staff are made.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 14 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Behavioral Health Professional Of The Year.. Description: This Act establishes a Behavioral Health Professional of the year award program throughout the State. Through this legislation, the state will formally honor and recognize the work behavioral health professionals, such as, school counselors, social workers, licensed clinical social workers, school psychologists, and school nurses.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 18 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Automobile Insurance Policies.. Description: Section 1 of this Act clarifies that the reinstatement obligations of insurers under Section 3903(d) apply in instances of both nonrenewals and cancellations of policies due to nonpayment of premiums. Sections 2 through 4 of this Act revise the method by which an insured may contest or appeal a nonrenewal or cancellation of an automobile policy from a hearing process to a review by the Commissioner on the papers, which reflects the Departments prior practices in handling these appeals and provides a more streamlined and efficient process for timely reviewing a consumers appeal. Section 5 of this Act extends the protections against unfair automobile insurance rating practices related to a service members deployment to deployments both within and outside of the U.S. and its waters.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 18 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Insurance Examinations.. Description: This Act eliminates § 321(d) since § 321(c) sets forth the accepted process for furnishing of examination reports and hearing requests by the Commissioner.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 18 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Licensing Of Insurance Professionals.. Description: This Act extends the limited licensing exemption for adjusters, who are dispatched by insurers to the State after catastrophic events, such as hurricanes or tornadoes, to appraisers. This change will allow for the prompt appraisal and settlement of motor vehicle claims arising from such catastrophic events.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 18 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Credit For Reinsurance.. Description: This Act reflects the National Association of Insurance Commissioners revisions to the Model Credit for Reinsurance Act. The revisions make the law consistent with provisions of covered agreements with the European Union and United Kingdom with respect to reinsurance collateral requirements. The changes will also provide reinsurers domiciled in National Association of Insurance Commissioners-qualified jurisdictions other than within the EU (currently, Bermuda, Japan and Switzerland) with the possibility of similar reinsurance collateral reductions. This is an accreditation bill.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 4 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Alcoholic Liquors.. Description: Currently the Delaware Code does not permit alcoholic beverage license holders to brew hard seltzers or other non-malt based products that they are otherwise allowed to brew as a result of obtaining a Federal Brewers Notice. This Act permits Delaware brewery-pub and microbrewery license holders to brew, bottle and sell hard seltzers and other fermented beverages made from malt substitutes and includes specific tax on fermented beverages. The language of the Act also mirrors the federal definition of a malt-substitute product.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 21 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Equipment Violations.. Description: This bill would allow a court of competent jurisdiction to dismiss minor equipment violations upon a showing that repair(s) have been made. The sections include inoperative horn, missing rear-view mirror, improper window tint, and inoperable headlights, taillights, turn signal lights, and lighting on a motorcycle.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 25 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Tenant's Remedies Relating To The Rental Unit.. Description: This bill increases the amount that a tenant may deduct from rent in order to have necessary work done on the rental premises if the landlord fails to repair or maintain the premises after proper notice. The original amount of $200 was selected at the time that the Landlord Tenant Code was drafted in 1996. The amended amount of $400 reflects inflation of rent and cost of repairs.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 16 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Delaware Health Care Commission.. Description: This Act establishes a Health Care Provider Loan Repayment Program for new primary care providers to be administered by the Delaware Health Care Commission. Under the loan repayment program, the Health Care Commission may award education loan repayment grants to new primary care providers of up to $50,000 per year for a maximum of 4 years. Priority consideration may be given to DIMER-participating students and participants in Delaware based residency programs. Sites eligible to apply for grants on behalf of their new primary care providers must be located in underserved areas or areas of need and must accept Medicare and Medicaid participants. Grants to hospital sites must be matched on a dollar-for-dollar basis by the applicant hospital and the disbursement of grants from the program is contingent upon an initial, one-time contribution to the Health Care Provider Loan Repayment Program, in an amount Fiscal Year 21 appropriation of State funds up to a maximum of $1 million, from Delaware health insurers. This Act also provides that the Delaware Healthcare Commission may award Health Care Provider Repayment grants on a prorated annual basis.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 21 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Driving A Vehicle While Under The Influence.. Description: This Act clarifies Delawares driving under the influence (DUI) law related to intensive inpatient or outpatient drug and alcohol treatment for felony DUI offenders. The current law has resulted in differing interpretations regarding treatment; specifically, whether treatment must be completed while incarcerated (Level V) or at home confinement (Level IV), rather than at community supervision (Level III or Level II). This has resulted in extending incarceration for some offenders or requiring out-of-state offenders to reside in Delaware to complete the mandated drug and alcohol abstinence program and drug and alcohol treatment program under § 4177(d)(9) of Title 21.
In 2021, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 14 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Optional Mid-year Unit Count.. Description: This Act establishes an optional mid-year unit count and associated funding provisions. School districts and charter schools that elect to participate in the optional mid-year unit count shall receive state financial support for each additional unit, or fraction thereof, in an amount determined by the annual Appropriations Act.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 16 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Gun Shop Project.. Description: In 2009, New Hampshire was the first state to develop a statewide "Gun Shop Project," reaching out to gun shops regarding the role they can play in suicide prevention. In the years since, at least 21 other states have implemented similar campaigns. This Act establishes the Delaware Gun Shop Project.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 16 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Arrest For Violation - Liquified Petroleum Gas Container.. Description: This amendment repeals Title 16 § 7204 in its entirety. This particular section prescribes a practice that is typically unused and handled through a traditional warrant process by charging a previous section of this chapter brought by a law enforcement officer. Additionally, the act of recovering a container possessed by someone other than the owner is more appropriately handled through the civil replevin process.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 21 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Special License Plates.. Description: This bill creates a special license plate for Combat Veterans.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 16 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Childhood Lead Poisoning Prevention Act.. Description: This Act requires the Department of Health and Social Services to provide staff support for the Childhood Lead Poisoning Advisory Committee.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Titles 19, 29 And 30 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Covid-19 Related Unemployment Benefits, Assessments And Rulemaking Authority.. Description: This bill provides COVID-19 related relief to both claimants receiving unemployment benefits and employers who are assessed unemployment taxes, and extends the end date of the Secretary of Labors COVID-19 related rulemaking authority. Section 1 waives the 13-week waiting period for the state to "trigger on" to pay extended unemployment benefits in periods of high unemployment. Section 2 establishes the 2021 new employer assessment rate, average industry assessment rate, and average construction industry assessment rate at the same rate as 2020 in order to avoid an increase in these rates as a result of the increase in unemployment claims due to COVID-19. Section 3 extends the provisions in H.B. 352 from the 150th General Assembly authorizing the Delaware Secretary of Labor to issue emergency rules amending the Delaware Unemployment Insurance Code to deal with the effects of COVID-19 and implement federal programs providing unemployment benefits to respond to COVID-19. Section 4 exempts unemployment compensation benefits received in 2020 from the calculation of Delaware adjusted gross income so that unemployment claimants will not have to pay state taxes on the benefits they received during the pandemic.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code And Volume 68, Chapter 88 Of The Laws Of Delaware, Relating To Buildings And Grounds. Description: The National League of Families POW/MIA flag is a symbol of our Nation's concern and commitment to resolving as fully as possible the fates of Americans still prisoners, missing, or unaccounted for in all U.S. wars 36. U.S.C. § 902.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 11 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Establishment Of Bureaus Within The Department Of Correction.. Description: This Act revises the bureaus established within the Department of Correction.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Appointment Of A Deputy Commissioner Of The Department Of Correction.. Description: This Act creates the position of Deputy Commissioner of Correction.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 11 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Probation And Parole Recommendatons For House Arrest.. Description: This Act reflects a recommendation of the 2019 Comprehensive Reentry Plan and Progress Report which allows the Department of Corrections, Probation and Parole officers the flexibility to recommend to a court house arrest (Level IV home confinement) for any probation violator in appropriate circumstances. Under current law, Probation and Parole may not recommend house arrest (Level IV home confinement) for a person who violates probation if the person was initially convicted of a violent crime. Accordingly, recommendations pertaining to probation violations for persons convicted of a violent crime are limited to Levels 1-3 (a lower level of supervision) or Level V (incarceration) which may be excessive and costly.
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing The 50th Anniversary Of The Delaware Contractors Association.. Description: This resolution recognizes the 50th anniversary of the Delaware Contractors Association.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 6 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Prohibition Of Harmful Flame Retardants.. Description: This Act prohibits the manufacture, sale, or distribution of children's products, upholstered furniture used in residences, and mattresses that contain harmful flame retardant chemicals. These flame retardants have been found to cause cancer, particularly to firefighters who are extinguishing fires that involve products that contain these chemicals. This Act does not apply to any of the following:
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 21 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Nondriver Identification Cards.. Description: This bill extends the amount of years an identification card is valid from four (4) to eight (8) years. This bill is necessary for the Division of Motor Vehicles to maintain consistent business processes. The driver license is currently valid for eight (8) years, and this change would maintain consistency with the driver license requirement.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To State Employees' Pension Plan.. Description: This Act provides that the amount of ordinary or disability pension payable to a 9-1-1 operator includes 2.45% of the 9-1-1 operator's final average compensation multiplied by years of service above 25 years, the same multiplier as applied to corrections officers and specified peace officers.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The State Employees' Pension Plan.. Description: This bill provides that for correction officers and specified peace officers, the amount of ordinary service or disability pension benefits given to state employees shall also include the following: (1) Before January 1, 2022, 2.45% of his or her final average compensation multiplied by years of service above 25 years; (2) On January 1, 2022, 2.5% of his or her average compensation multiplied by the number of years of service up to 20 years, plus 3.5% of his or her average compensation multiplied by the number of years of service above 20 years. The increased multipliers that take effect on January 1, 2022, reflect increased costs, reduced benefits, and the need to recruit and retain qualified and competent correction officers and specified peace officers with a modernized pension benefit. In addition, this bill amends the employee contribution for all correction officers and specified peace officers to a uniform 7%. Specified peace officers means (1) Probation and parole officers employed by the Department of Correction; (2) Capitol Police officers; (3) Department of Natural Resources police officers; (4) University of Delaware Police; (5) State Fire Marshal officers; (6) Division of Alcohol and Tobacco Enforcement agents; (7) Justice of the Peace Court constables; and (8) Probation and parole officers in the Serious Juvenile Offender Unit and senior probation officers employed by the Division of Services for Children, Youth and Their Families.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 4 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Microbreweries.. Description: This Act allows 2 or more microbreweries to share brewing equipment if the microbreweries maintain separate premises to sell their product to consumers and wholesalers.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 16 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Jurisdiction Of The Delaware State Fire Prevention Commission And Commission Terms.. Description: This bill seeks to amend sections of Chapter 66 concerning the Delaware State Fire Prevention by: imposing a timeframe on the Delaware Volunteer Firefighters Association to recommend nominate Commission members to the Governor; imposing a presumption of neglect if a Commissioner misses three consecutive Commission meetings; adjusting the terms and term limits of the Commissioners; to prohibit a Commissioner from also serving in a politically elected or appointed position while serving as a Commissioner; and to eliminate the requirement for an Advisory Board. The Commission also creates an Executive Director position, which will be currently filled by a current Commission employee serving in that function. That bill makes clear that that persons current merit status will remain, but will become an exempt position when the position next becomes vacant. The bill proposes to authorize the imposition of fines for violations of applicable Code and regulatory provisions and reasonable fees for Commission's certifications to help defray costs and expenses with the Commissions administration and enforcement of its powers under the Code and its regulations. Finally, the bill proposes to make several amendments to clarify and synthesize language in other sections of Chapter 66.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 1, Title 2, Title 4, Title 7, Title 10, Title 11, Title 12, Title 14, Title 16, Title 17, Title 18, Title 21, Title 24, Title 26, Title 29, And Title 30 Of The Delaware Code And The Charter Of The Town Of Greenwood Relating To Technical Corrections.. Description: In January 2020, the Code Revisors provided the General Assembly with a list of potential technical corrections that they identified as they revised the Delaware Code to reflect legislation that was enacted by the 150th General Assembly in 2019 or as they reviewed titles of the Code. While technical in nature, these changes are beyond the authority of the Code Revisors to make and can only be done by the General Assembly through legislation. This Act also includes technical corrections identified outside of the list provided by the Code Revisors.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend The Charter Of The Town Of South Bethany Relating To Town Council, Municipal Elections, And Organization Of Town Council.. Description: This bill removes from §C-5 (Town Council) of the Charter of the Town of South Bethany sections regarding qualifications of Town Council Members, terms of office, and Prohibition of Employment with the Town and relocates the sections to §C-6. It also amends §C-6 (Municipal Elections) to conform with the mandatory provisions of Delaware Code, Chapter 75 of Title 15 of the Delaware Code (entitled Municipal Elections); adds a requirement that the Town post a Notice of Solicitation of Candidates at least 20 days prior to the Towns candidate filing deadline; changes the Towns Notice of Election requirement to include posting such notice on the Town website and one newspaper of general circulation, while no longer requiring notice to be posted in 5 public places; changes the date of the annual election for municipal offices to the second Saturday in May; renames all references of Freeholder to Property Owner; removes spouse of a freeholder as a qualification to vote in an election; denies Trusts, Corporations, Partnerships and Limited Liability Corporations (LLCs) the right to vote; revises the definition of resident of town to include a person who has physically resided in the town corporate limits for at least 30 days prior to the election; requires persons appearing to vote to present proof of identity and address; allows personal recognition of a voter by a majority of Election officers at the polling place to attest to a voters identity and address; removes the requirement a Notice of Intention of Candidacy be filed 45 days before the election; requires the Town to submit the names of candidates to the Department of Election within one day of the filing deadline; allows the Mayor to call a Special Meeting regarding candidate eligibility 20 days before the election; requires a candidate for a municipal office to file a Certificate of Intention establishing a campaign committee with the State Election Commissioner; allows the Board of Elections to declare candidates elected where the number of qualified candidates are equal to or less than the number of seats up for election; adds a provision barring members of the Board of Elections from being elected officials or immediate family members of elected officials; and adds new procedures for Election Day. The bill also removes references to Town Aldermen; removes the option of the Town Council Secretary and Treasurer not being members of the Town Council; renames the President pro-tempore as the Mayor pro-tempore; further expands the definition of sudden emergency; allows the City Treasurer to be assisted by Town Staff in their responsibilities; removes the requirement that an audit of town funds be performed upon the expiration of a Treasurers term in office; requires a member to pay at the members own expense if they retain counsel at a hearing for a forfeiture of office; requires notice requirement of Special Meetings be made in accordance with the provisions of the Delaware Freedom of Information Act; and authorizes the Town Council to allow participation and vote by remote electronic access to the extent permitted by a state of emergency and the Delaware Freedom of Information Act. This Act requires a greater than majority vote for passage because §1 of Article IX of the Delaware Constitution requires the affirmative vote of two-thirds of the members elected to each house of the General Assembly to amend a municipal charter.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 14 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Special Education Funding.. Description: This Act provides increased funding for kindergarten through third grade students identified as eligible for basic special education services. Currently, basic special education is provided for students in fourth through twelfth grade who are identified as eligible for basic special education and related services; there is no additional unit funding for students in kindergarten through third grade who may be eligible for basic special education services. The Act adds a designation of K-3 Basic Special Education (basic) and over three years reduces the number of students comprising a unit from the current 16.2 to 8.4.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 11 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Human Trafficking Interagency Coordinating Council.. Description: This bill increases the membership of the Human Trafficking Interagency Coordinating Council to 24 members by adding representatives from the House of Representatives, the Senate, the Criminal Justice Council, the Department of Transportation, and the Division of Professional Regulation, a person who has been a victim of human trafficking, and a person who has prior experience working with victims of human trafficking in a legal or advocacy capacity. This bill also changes the quorum for the Council from 7 members to 13.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 19 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Minimum Wage.. Description: This bill removes the training minimum wage and youth minimum wage, which takes effect 90 days after enactment.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 14 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Financial Assistance For Higher Education.. Description: This act will allow a critical need reimbursement to be distributed directly to an institute of higher education or Secretary of Education approved Alternative Routes to Teacher Licensure and Certification program for an eligible teacher who is taking noncredit-earning seminars or workshops or credit-bearing coursework in order to attain a Standard Certification in a state-approved critical need area.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 15 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Authorized Campaign Expenditures.. Description: This Act permits a candidate committee established by a candidate for public office to pay reasonable and necessary expenses for the care of a candidates child or children when care is necessary in connection with the candidates campaign activities. This Act also makes changes to the current law to make it consistent with the Legislative Drafting Manual.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 6 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Prohibited Trade Practices.. Description: This Act amends Delawares Consumer Fraud Act (Subchapter II, Chapter 25, Title 6 of the Code), to give Delaware consumers and businesses the protection against unfair acts or practices in commerce that the General Assembly intended to give them when it enacted the Consumer Fraud Act.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 14 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Term Of School Board Members.. Description: House Bill No. 92 reduces the term of a member elected to a school board from 5 years to 4 years for members elected after December 31, 2021.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Grants-in-aid.. Description: This bill creates the Grants-In-Aid Committee. The Committee is a joint committee of the Senate and House of Representatives. The purpose of the Committee is to view applications for grants-in-aid and to develop and recommend to the Joint Finance Committee the grants-in-aid appropriations bill.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 18, Title 29, And Title 31 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Insurance Coverage Of Epinephrine Autoinjectors.. Description: This Act requires that individual, group, State employee, and public assistance insurance plans provide coverage for epinephrine autoinjectors for individuals who are 18 years of age or under and must include at least 1 formulation of epinephrine autoinjectors on the lowest tier of the drug formulary developed and maintained by the carrier if the insurance plan has tiers.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 6 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Consumer Contracts.. Description: House Bill No. 96 prohibits multiple service charges for residential trash collection service except if the charge is for any of the following:
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 4 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Alcoholic Liquors.. Description: This Act would allow importers to take orders from retailers any day including Sundays and holidays and process them for delivery.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 3 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Agriculture.. Description: This Act confirms that nursery stock as defined in Title 3, Chapter 13, Nurseries and Nursery Stock, includes clones and seedlings.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 14 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Free Public Schools.. Description: This Act establishes a mental health services unit for Delaware elementary schools. The unit is at a ratio of 250 full-time equivalent students grades K-5 for a full-time school counselor, school social worker, or licensed clinical social worker. Additionally a unit ratio of 700 full time equivalent students for grades K-5 for employment of a full-time school psychologist. This Act defines mental health services as prevention, response, and coordination services delivered to students in elementary schools.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code By Providing For The Designation Of The Official Reptile Of The State Of Delaware.. Description: This Act designates the Green Turtle (Chelonia mydas) as the official State Reptile for the State of Delaware. This act shall expire 1 year after its enactment into law.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 6 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Auto Repair Fraud Prevention, And Prohibited Trade Practices.. Description: This bill clarifies definitions relating to airbags, counterfeit supplemental restraint system components, nonfunctional airbags, and supplemental restraint systems, and prohibited trade practices.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 14 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Teen Dating Violence And Sexual Assault.. Description: This Act moves the date by which the Department of Education shall submit its annual report to the Domestic Violence Coordinating Council from August 1 to October 15 of each year. Moving the date to October 15 will better accommodate the data collection, quality control, and certification process utilized by the Department of Education. Schools and districts are required to enter their data by July 1 and the process of verifying the information and making any corrections necessary to certify the data is usually finished by October 1.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 18 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Insurance Discrimination Based On Pre-exposure Prophylaxis Medication To Prevent Hiv Infection.. Description: Individuals who are at very high risk of getting HIV can take pre-exposure prophylaxis (PrEP) medication to reduce the risk of HIV transmission. PrEP medication reduces the risk of HIV transmission by up to 99% if taken daily. This Act prohibits discrimination because an individual takes PrEP medication in the issuance or renewal of disability, long-term care, and life insurance.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 25 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Common Interest Ownership.. Description: This Act corrects several technical and typographic errors in the Delaware Common Interest Ownership Act (the DUCIOA) and makes a number of non-controversial changes agreed upon by the Common Interest Community Advisory Council and representatives of builders, real estate sales professionals, association managers, and owners.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 10 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Juvenile Prosecution.. Description: United States Supreme Court case law and scientific research has changed how we think about juvenile delinquency. We know now that an adolescents brain is not fully developed until the mid-twenties which makes juveniles especially prone to poor decision-making. In the landmark case of Miller v. Alabama, in which the United States Supreme Court prohibited mandatory life sentences without parole for juveniles on the rationale that children are inherently different than adults, the Court relied not only scientific research but on common sense and what any parent knows: kids will be kids.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 1 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Legal Holidays.. Description: This Act establishes Juneteenth as a State holiday. Juneteenth commemorates the emancipation of the last enslaved African Americans in the United States. The Act adds Juneteenth as a legal holiday and reduces the number of floating holidays from 2 to 1. The two floating holidays were created by the 145th General Assembly as replacements for Presidents Day and Columbus Day. This Act replaces the floating holiday that replaced Columbus Day with a legal holiday to celebrate Juneteenth. This Act also makes technical corrections to conform existing law to the standards of the Delaware Legislative Drafting Manual.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 14 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Red Clay Consolidated School District Bus Safety Camera Pilot Program.. Description: This Act makes changes to House Bill 202 from the 150th General Assembly creating a pilot program for the Red Clay School District to use external camera systems on their school buses to catch motorists that fail to stop when a school bus is stopped and displaying flashing lamps to take on or discharge school children and assess a civil penalty as punishment. The changes in this bill are necessary to make clear that the Act, which mirrors 21 Del. C. § 4101(d), the States Electronic Red Light Safety Program, only creates a civil, not a criminal penalty.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Chapter 196, Volume 81 Of The Laws Of Delaware Relating To A Bicycle Approaching Or Entering An Intersection.. Description: This Act removes the October 5, 2021 sunset provision in Chapter 196, Volume 81 of the Laws of Delaware so that the rule of the road for bicycles approaching or entering intersections with 2 or fewer lane roads, § 4196A (c) of Title 21 of the Delaware Code, will remain law.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 19 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Employment Of And Wages Payable To Persons With Disabilities.. Description: This Act is called the Jamie Wolfe Employment Act in recognition of Jamie Wolfe, a powerful disability rights advocate who worked tirelessly on behalf of people with disabilities for equal rights and equal access to education, housing, competitive and integrated employment, transportation and community-based services.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 14 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Financial Assistance For Higher Education For Youth Who Have Been In Foster Care.. Description: This Act supports children who spent part or all of their teen years in the State's foster care system to access higher education by providing a tuition waiver program to cover the cost of tuition, fees, and (where offered) room and board at a public Delaware college or university.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 11 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Possession Or Purchase Of Deadly Weapons By Persons Prohibited.. Description: This Act prohibits a person who is the subject of a Protection from Abuse Order of the Family Court and who knows or has reason to know, that the Order has been issued from purchasing, owning, possessing, or controlling a deadly weapon or ammunition for a firearm in this State. This Act also prohibits the subject of an outstanding arrest warrant, active indictment or information related to a felony or misdemeanor crime of domestic violence from purchasing a firearm. The subject of the pending criminal process must know or have reason to know that the process is pending in order for the prohibition to apply. This Act also makes technical changes to the existing law to make it conform to the Legislative Drafting Manual.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 11 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Firearms.. Description: Section 1 of this bill establishes the crimes of possession of an unfinished firearm frame or receiver with no serial number, possession of and manufacturing a covert or undetectable firearm, possession of and manufacturing an untraceable firearm, and manufacturing or distributing a firearm using a three-dimensional printer. This bill also makes it a crime to possess a firearm frame or receiver with a removed, obliterated, or altered serial number. This bill makes very limited exceptions to the requirement that certain guns have serial numbers which are: (1) Firearms manufactured before 1968; (2) Muzzle loaders that only use black powder, and antique replicas. Finally, this bill makes clear that § 1463 of Title 11 concerning untraceable firearms does not apply to members of the military forces or members of a police force in this State duly authorized to carry an untraceable firearm, and does not apply to the manufacture or importation for sale to a law-enforcement or military entity in this State.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 14 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Exceptional Children.. Description: This Act permits the extension of special education and related services to those students with a disability who turn 21 during the 2020-2021 school year to address unfinished learning as a result of the pandemic which resulted in the COVID-19 Declaration of a State of Emergency for the State of Delaware Due to a Public Health Threat declared by the Governor on March 12, 2020. The IEP for the child must be revised to reflect the specific basis for extending services and the specific education and related services that will be provided.
In 2021, Delaware enrolled a bill titled: An Act Proposing An Amendment To § 1, Article Xvi Of The Delaware Constitution Relating To The Procedure For Notice To The Public Of A Proposed Amendment To The Delaware Constitution.. Description: This Act is the first leg of an amendment to the Delaware Constitution to enable the General Assembly to designate who is responsible for providing notice of a proposed amendment to the Constitution and how the notice is disseminated. This change gives the General Assembly flexibility in the dissemination of the notice, particularly as technology advances. This Act also changes the timeframe of dissemination from 3 months to between 120 and 90 days.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Procedure For Notice To The Public Of A Proposed Amendment To The Delaware Constitution.. Description: This Act implements the procedure for the notice of a proposed amendment to the Delaware Constitution authorized by the amendment to § 1 of Article XVI of the Delaware Constitution proposed by House Bill No. 130 by doing the following:
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 4 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Taverns.. Description: This Act changes the definition of tavern from an establishment with a special space and accommodation for sale of beer by the glass for consumption on the premises to an establishment with a special space and accommodation for sale of beer and wine in single servings. The Act also revises § 513 to allow any person in charge of a tavern to apply to the Commissioner for a license to purchase from an importer and to receive, keep and sell beer and wine instead of only beer. The beer and wine must be consumed on the premises where sold.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 14 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Educator Evaluations.. Description: This Act changes the current evaluation system for all teachers from the former Delaware Performance Appraisal System II evaluation to a new Delaware Teacher Growth and Support System. The goal of this new evaluation system is to build a culture of professionalism and learning within every school by converting the evaluation system from a teacher-focused to a learning-focused system. It also increases accountability by requiring a beginning, middle and end of the year review of both the teachers professional learning goals and student improvement goals.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend The Charter Of The Town Of Hartly.. Description: Section 1 establishes the Towns authority to enact the laws of the Town, its ability to sue and be sued, and its perpetual succession.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 13 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Parents And Children.. Description: The Bill sets forth 8 factors a court must consider in determining a proposed relocation of a child for a period of 60 days or more in litigation involving custody or visitation. These factors include: (1) the nature, quality, extent, and duration of the childs relationship with the individual proposing to relocate and with the non-relocating individuals, siblings and other significant persons in the childs life; (2) the age, developmental stage, needs of the child, and the likely impact of the relocation on the child, taking into account any special needs of the child; (3) the feasibility of preserving the relationship between the non-relocating individual and the child; (4) the childs preference; (5) any established patterns of the relocating individual to thwart or promote the relationship between the child and non-relocating individual; (6) whether the relocation will enhance the general quality of life of the child and relocating individual; (7) the reasons for requesting and opposing the relocation; and (8) any other factor affecting the best interests of the child.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend The Charter Of The Town Of Laurel Relating To The Qualifications For Mayor And Town Councilman And The Manner Of Holding Biannual Municipal Election.. Description: This Act amends the Charter of the Town of Laurel to include in the qualifications for Mayor and Town Councilman, that candidates must be non-delinquent tax payers of all capitation and property taxes of the Town of Laurel for at least 1 year next preceding election; and to eliminate the need for residents to register separately with the Town of Laurel and the Town will utilize the State of Delaware Department of Elections Voter Registration Rolls.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend The Charter Of The Town Of Millville.. Description: This bill reincorporates the Charter of the Town of Millville. The bill updates various processes, including the municipal election, annexation, competitive bidding, and the Town budget. The bill also updates the descriptions and duties of the Secretary and Treasurer. The bill removed antiquated language and clarified language in matters such as assessments and repairs.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 24 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Advanced Practice Registered Nurses.. Description: This Act is a Companion Bill to House Bill No. 21. It aligns the Delaware Board of Nursing statute with the APRN Compact to advance APRN practice through elimination of barriers and improving access to care for Delawareans. The Act removes the requirement for a collaborative agreement for licensure purposes although employers and health care organizations may still require one.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 24 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Professional Engineers.. Description: This Act promotes the expansion of licensure opportunities in Delaware while maintaining standards of competence and professionalism required for the protection of the citizens of Delaware. The National Council of Examiners for Engineering and Surveying (NCEES) is a national nonprofit organization dedicated to advancing professional licensure for engineers. It develops, administers, and scores the examinations used for engineering licensure in the United States. Most recently, NCEES has recommended that states broaden access to licensure subject to rigorous competency requirements. For example, Delaware has historically recognized EAC of ABET-accredited (Engineering Accreditation Commission of the former Accreditation Board for Engineering and Technology) programs as the gold standard for engineering education. NCEES has recommended that graduates of engineering programs accredited by signatories of the Washington Accord be afforded the same recognition as EAC of ABET graduates. The Washington Accord is an international agreement between bodies responsible for accrediting engineering degree programs. Signatories of the Accord mutually recognize the substantial equivalency of participating organizations accreditation processes and their graduates preparedness to begin professional practice at the entry level. ABET and Engineers Canada are signatories of the Accord among a total of 20 representing agencies from every continent. This Act will give holders of degrees from engineering programs accredited by Washington Accord signatories the same recognition as EAC of ABET graduates. The required engineering experience for such applicants will be four years. This Act also proposes modifications that would expand licensure comity. While many professions in Delaware use the term reciprocity to define the process whereby an individual licensed in one jurisdiction may become licensed in Delaware, the term comity is used in the licensing law for professional engineers. To promote international engineering licensure mobility, this Act provides that the Council may license an applicant who is an International Professional Engineer (IntPE), meaning that the applicant has been fully and rigorously evaluated and approved by the International Engineering Alliance (IEA). NCEES is a member of the IEA and the International Professional Engineers Agreement (IPEA). There are currently 15 other members of the IPEA including Engineers Canada. The International Professional Engineers Agreement recognizes the substantial equivalency of standards establishing the competency of professional engineers for independent practice. Engineers who are licensed by agencies that are members of IPEA undergo a rigorous application process for registration as IntPEs. NCEES is an IPEA member and maintains a registry of U.S. licensed engineers who have attained IntPE status. Engineers registered as IntPEs would be provided with the same eligibility for comity within the U.S. as would U.S. state-licensed engineers. This applicant will also need to present proof of five years of experience obtained after initial licensure. This Act further proposes that an applicant who has been designated as a Model Law Engineer by NCEES may be issued a license administratively on the basis that the applicant has already been vetted by the professions governing body. Other provisions pertaining to comity have been amended to make the Practice Act consistent with other statutes governing professional licensure. Specifically, the comity provision pertaining to licensure by experience has been revised to require five years of licensed experience rather than the current ten years. The standards for licensure by comity have been amended to ensure that the applicant has a current license in good standing from the originating jurisdiction. This Act clarifies the grounds for denial of an application to explicitly include discipline in another jurisdiction. This Act eliminates the requirement that licensees must acquire an embossing seal and allows them to choose a seal format, such as embossing, stamp or electronic. Finally, this Act strikes references to permits on the basis that compliance with temporary permit requirements is difficult for the Council to monitor. Further, as an alternative to the temporary permit, an expedited path to licensure will be available for applicants with the Model Law Engineer designation.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 4 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Alcoholic Liquors.. Description: This Act removes taproom from the establishments for which the Commissioner shall refuse to grant a license for the sale of alcohol when there is an existing licensed establishment of similar type within a specified distance. The minimum distance between licensed establishments of similar type is made applicable only to a store or establishment for consumption off premises.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 30 Of The Delaware Code Relating To College Savings And Able Savings Accounts.. Description: This Act will allow Delaware residents two new deductions from personal income tax. The first is a deduction from taxable income of up to $1,000 for contributions to an account in a Delaware-sponsored qualified tuition program, as that term is defined under 26 U.S.C. § 529 (a 529 College Savings Plan). The second is a deduction from taxable income of up to $5,000 for contributions to an account in a Delaware-sponsored ABLE program, as that term is defined under 26 U.S.C. § 529A (a 529A Savings Account - a special account for meeting the needs of certain individuals with disabilities). The 529 and 529A deduction is only applicable to the Delaware-sponsored plan. A transfer or rollover from another account authorized under 26 U.S.C. §§ 529 and 529A or for a change in beneficiary of any such account does not qualify for the deduction.
In 2022, Delaware enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 11 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Delaware Police Training Program.. Description: Currently if a municipality or other governmental unit employs a police officer who has within 2 years completed mandatory training while in the employ of another municipality or governmental unit, the new employer reimburses the prior employer. This act changes the reimbursement if the change of employment occurs within 4 years, and changes the yearly rate of reimbursement to reflect the new time period to $40,000 for one year, $30,000 for two years, $20,000 for three, and $10,000 for four years .
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 7 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Conservation Access Passes.. Description: This Act provides a senior discount for residents and non-residents 62 years of age and older, for a conservation access pass, and a life-time conservation access pass for Delaware residents, 65 years of age and older, consistent with current senior discounts for access fees to Delaware State Parks.
In 2021, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 11 And Title 16 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Falsely Reporting An Incident.. Description: Sections 1 and 2 of this Act make clear that an individual who is the subject of a false report is a victim and is entitled to restitution and the benefits of the Victims Bill of Rights.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 11 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Criminal Impersonation.. Description: In a case of first impression, the Superior Court ruled, contrary to "common knowledge" of Delaware Criminal laws, that criminal impersonation requires proof that a real person (a human being who has been born and is alive) has been impersonated; in other words, one cannot impersonate a fictitious person. Evans v. State, Del. Super., June 5, 2019. This Act provides that criminal impersonation occurs when one impersonates a real or fictitious person.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 21 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Special License Plates.. Description: This bill creates a special license plate for Autism Awareness and Acceptance.
In 2021, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Titles 6, 11, 19, And 25 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Definitions.. Description: This bill makes the definitions of sexual orientation, gender identity, and disability consistent throughout the Delaware Code and with federal law.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend The Charter Of The City Of Rehoboth Beach Relating To The City Managers Delegation Of Supervisory Authority Over City Employees, Including Beach Patrol Employees.. Description: This Act amends the Charter of the City of Rehoboth Beach to provide that the City Manager may delegate supervisory authority, including supervisory authority over the Citys Beach Patrol. This Act also clarifies that the City Manager has the authority to determine the composition of the Beach Patrol and establish rules and regulations covering the qualifications of members of the Beach Patrol. This Act also deletes provisions vesting members of the Beach Patrol with all the authority of a member of the Police Force. This Act also further clarifies the duties of the Beach Patrol in connection with its charge to preserve human life along the beachfront of the City.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 16 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Uniform Controlled Substances Act.. Description: This Act expands the definition of prescription drug order to include orders issued electronically. This Act also eliminates the condition on the issuance by a pharmacist, pharmacist intern or pharmacy student of a hypodermic syringe or needle without a prescription to someone who will self-administer medication or administer medication to a minor child by a parent or legal guardian, but only to persons age 18 or older. This Act repeals an existing paragraph in Title 16, § 4762(c) of the Delaware Code which makes it a Class G felony to deliver, dispose of or give away a hypodermic syringe or needle except as prescribed by Title 16, § 4762 of the Delaware Code. The Act also makes corrections to existing law to make it conform to the standards of the Legislative Drafting Manual.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 10 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Sales Of Real Estate Made By A Sheriff.. Description: This act modifies the locations at which sheriffs sales may be conducted to provide the sheriffs with needed flexibility and to modernize the sheriffs sale process. The recent COVID-19 pandemic has revealed substantial inflexibility in 10 Del. C. § 4974 as currently adopted, forcing the sheriff of each of the three counties to either hold sheriffs sales outdoors, find non-governmental venues in which to hold sheriffs sales or cancel sheriffs sales. Additionally, the New Castle County Sheriff is considering using an online auction process to conduct sheriffs sales, as other counties throughout the United States have done, but § 4974 as currently adopted does not permit online sheriffs sales. Finally, this act removes uncertainty regarding the meaning of the term public building as currently used in § 4974 by adopting a definition that is consistent with the Delaware Supreme Courts definition of that term in Moore v. Wilmington Housing Authority, 619 A.2d 1166, 1174-75 (Del. 1993).
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Titles 18 And 24 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Preserving Telehealth And Adopting The Interstate Medical Licensure Compact.. Description: This Act, known as the Telehealth Access Preservation and Modernization Act of 2021, continues and enhances Delawareans access to telehealth and telemedicine services and, through the adoption of the Interstate Medical Licensure Compact, ensures that telehealth services can be provided through qualified medical practitioners in a streamlined and efficient pathway to licensure that meets the health care delivery system needs of the 21st century.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 16 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Definition Of Hospitals.. Description: This Act adds an additional classification for surgical hospitals. House Bill No. 91 adopted by the 150th General Assembly (82 Del. Laws c. 73) revised the statutory definition of hospital and classified hospitals as either General, Long-term care, Psychiatric, or Rehabilitation. The existing classifications do not include surgical hospitals, those specialized hospitals providing surgical services at a level of care higher than freestanding surgery centers but whose patients do not require all of the services provided by General acute care hospitals. This Act will allow the Department of Health and Social Services to license and regulate surgical hospitals providing inpatient and outpatient surgical services to patients whose duration of stay is not expected to exceed 72 hours.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 31 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Services For Youth.. Description: The 18-month recidivism rate among juveniles released from Delawares Level 4 and Level 5 juvenile detention facilities is over 80%. This Act creates a fund to allow the Department of Services for Children, Youth, and their Families to award competitive grants for the targeted provision of services that have been proven effective in helping juveniles avoid contact with the criminal justice system. This Act also allocates $500,000 for FY 2022 to the Fund for provision of cognitive behavioral therapy services and vocational training services. Finally, the bill updates outdated language.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 14 Of The Delaware Code Relating To School Attendance And Religious Holidays.. Description: The Delaware Code does not currently contain any explicit direction for public schools relating to school absences for observance of religious holidays. This Act requires schools to excuse a pupil's absence for observance of a religious holiday, and further requires districts and charters to have a policy discouraging teachers from scheduling tests, presentations and the like on days where some students may be absent for a religious holiday. A pupil who does miss a grading event must be allowed to make-up the test or otherwise recover credit. The Department of Education is directed to promulgate rules and regulations relating to implementation of this Act, including a list of holidays on which an absence for religious observance must be excused.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Titles 6 And 12 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Decedents Estates And Trusts.. Description: Section 1 of the Act amends subsection (b)(1) of section 12A-103 of Title 6 to remove a reference to testamentary trusts that is either a redundancy or otherwise might conflict with new section 3550 of Title 12 (which is a part of the Act).
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 19 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Elevate Delaware Program.. Description: Like House Bill No. 166, House Substitute No. 1 for House Bill No. 166 establishes the Elevate Delaware program. Elevate Delaware will provide payments for tuition and auxiliary expenses, up to $10,000, for individuals to attend an approved non-credit certificate program. The Workforce Development Board will create a list of non- credit certificate programs eligible for the Elevate Delaware program and establish priorities based upon the skill requirements of employers in Delaware. It also allows the Department of Labor to provide payments to participants in Elevate Delaware to cover auxiliary expenses necessary to meet basic living expenses or purchase supplies necessary for the non-certificate program or employment upon completion of the program.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 21 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Motor Vehicle Odometers.. Description: The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA) has issued a final rule for odometer disclosure. NHTSAs final rule became effective January 1, 2021. The new rule extends the age of vehicles exempt from odometer disclosure from 10 years old to 20 years old phasing the exemptions in by adding one year at a time for model year 2011 and newer vehicles. For example, a model year 2010 vehicle would be exempt starting in 2020; model year 2011 and newer vehicles would be exempt starting in 2031. This Act makes Delaware law consistent with the new federal rule. The Act also makes certain technical corrections to make the current law consistent with the Legislative Drafting Manual.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 18 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Insurance Investments.. Description: This bill would allow insurance companies to invest in mortgages on long-term leaseholds in the jurisdictions approved by the Department of Insurance. It is the intent of the Department of Insurance that the first approved jurisdiction be the United Kingdom. In the United Kingdom real estate typically is held not in fee simple (like the US) but long-term land leases. Thirty three other states including Maryland, New Jersey, and New York have similar statues.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 9 Of The Delaware Code Relating To County Taxes.. Description: This Act allows counties to use Realty Transfer Tax funds to pay expenses related to assessments and reassessments of real property and associated improvements. Further, it permits New Castle County to expand potential referees of tax assessment appeals beyond members of the Bar of the State of Delaware.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 30 Of The Delaware Code Related To Tax Administration.. Description: Sections 1, 4, and 6 clarify that the funds to satisfy income tax withholding on a sale of real estate by a non-resident shall be derived from the net proceeds of the real estate sale and permit the filing of the deed if the closing attorney can establish that the non-resident seller did not receive any proceeds from the sale.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 14 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Education Enrollment Of Military-connected Students.. Description: This Act allows the parent or guardian of a military-connected student to preliminarily enroll the student by remote registration in a school district where the parent or guardian is in the active military of the United States or in full-time status during active service with a force of the Delaware National Guard, if the parent or guardian is being transferred to Delaware under military orders and is transferred to or is pending transfer to a military installation within Delaware.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 24 Relating To The Board Of Cosmetology And Barbering And Licensure Of Aestheticians.. Description: This Act strikes the sections of existing law pertaining to merged instruction and apprenticeship programs for cosmetologists and barbers because no schools have applied for approval to conduct merged programs. This Act authorizes transfer of apprentice hours to cosmetology and barbering programs which will accomplish the same purpose as merged programs which are being eliminated. This Act also makes technical changes to existing law to conform to the Legislative Drafting Manual.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 14 Of The Delaware Code Relating To School Attendance.. Description: This Act allows one excused absence per school year for students grades 6 through 12 to attend civic engagements such as visits to the United States Capitol, Legislative Hall, and sites of political and cultural significance, or participation in a rally, march, protest, or walkout. For a student to attend a civic engagement event, the students parent or guardian must provide written permission no later than 3 school days prior to the students planned absence. The school shall determine what is acceptable as written permission. If the principal or another school or school district official does not confirm receipt of written permission with the parent or guardian prior to the students planned absence, permission for the student to attend the civic engagement event as an excused absence is presumed.
In 2022, Delaware enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 25 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Maintenance In Manufactured Home Communities.. Description: This Act clarifies the responsibilities of manufactured home community owners and homeowners for maintenance.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 14 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Year-long Teacher Residency Programs.. Description: Year-long teacher residency programs are a partnership between an educator preparation program and a Delaware school district or charter school to provide a year-long immersive experience for teacher candidates, allowing them a full and supported, on the ground experience of teaching in a Delaware school. The teacher resident also receives a stipend while participating in the program, which may be used to defray education and living expenses. These programs are the gold standard for teacher preparation and they assist in attracting and retaining quality, diverse educators. For the last several years, the General Assembly has appropriated funds in the annual budget to support and sustain these programs. This bill codifies the program and establishes guidelines for how and when the funds will be awarded and what they may be used for. The Department of Education continues to be charged with administration of the funds.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 25 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Lot Rental Assistance In Manufactured Home Communities.. Description: This Act revises Chapter 70 of Title 25, which governs manufactured homes on rented lots in manufactured home communities, by revising the eligibility criteria for the lot rental assistance program by expanding the sources of income that qualify a homeowner for the program and making a homeowner eligible after living in the community for 5 years. This Act also creates a new eligibility category for lot rental assistance after rent increases.
In 2021, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 25 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Right Of First Offer For Manufactured Home Communities.. Description: This Act revises Chapter 70 of Title 25, which governs manufactured homes on rented lots in manufactured home communities, by adding disclosure requirements to the right of first offer process when the community owner decides to sell, transfer, or convey all or part of the community.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 11 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Victims Of Crimes.. Description: The Victims Compensation Assistance Program (Agency or VCAP) administers the Victims Compensation Fund and provides financial assistance to eligible victims of crimes to help cover the costs of a variety of services that help victims and their families begin to rebuild their lives, including lost wages, medical expenses, payment for mental health counseling, and funeral expenses. By awarding financial compensation for losses that victims sustain as a result of crime, VCAP can help alleviate the financial burden and distress that crime leaves behind. In FY 2019, VCAP paid $2,091,787.94 to and on behalf of victims of crime. VCAP is solvent and the Victims Compensation Fund balance as of June 30, 2020 was $4,155,111.82.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 15 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Residency.. Description: This Act creates a process for the Commissioner of Elections to determine if a candidate or an incumbent elected official for a State or county elected office are residents of the district or area they represent or seek to represent.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 16 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Newborn Screening Program.. Description: This Act reduces the time frame to obtain a blood specimen from newborn infants from 72 hours to 24 to 48 hours after birth for screening for metabolic, hematologic, endocrinologic, immunologic and certain structural disorders. It also requires that blood specimens be destroyed once screening and testing is complete including confirmation of any diagnosis. It also provides that the Division of Public Health provide abnormal results only to the physician of record. It also requires all fees collected from newborn screening to be used to defray operating expenses associated with the Newborn Screening Program and for programs to ensure optimal health and development across the lifespan of the maternal and child health population. Finally, the Act makes several technical corrections consistent with the Delaware Legislative Drafting Manual.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 24 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Board Of Podiatry.. Description: This Act makes the Board member terms of appointment equal in length to each other by eliminating language pertaining to when a Board member is appointed to fill a vacant seat. This Act also changes the Board meeting requirement from at least once per quarter to at least once per calendar year. The ability to meet more frequently remains intact.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 10 And Title 11 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Domestic Violence.. Description: This Act updates the domestic violence first offender diversion program to allow the following offenses to be eligible for the program: assault third, terroristic threatening, and criminal contempt of a domestic violence protective order or lethal violence protective order. In addition, the Act makes these same offenses ineligible for probation before judgement in the Court of Common Pleas and Family Court.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 16 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Jurisdiction Of The Delaware State Fire Prevention Commission.. Description: This bill seeks to provide the State Fire Commission with the authority to hear and resolve disputes filed by members of the public or fire companies with respect to firefighting activities by individual firefighters and fire companies. The Commission may utilize existing regulations to hear such disputes or many promulgate additional regulations consistent and in furtherance of this subsection. This bill also authorizes the Commission and its staff to investigate fires where firefighters are injured and to issue investigative reports detailing findings and conclusions. Finally, the bill provides immunity to the Commission and its staff for activity authorized by this section.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 7 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Unmarked Human Burials And Skeletal Remains.. Description: This Act would revise the definition of Committee to include the Lenape Indian Tribe of Delaware in the body that determines the treatment and disposition of Native American unmarked burials and human skeletal remains. This Act would also add a new definition of a Committee convened by the Director of the Division of Historical and Cultural Affairs to address discoveries of non-Native American unmarked burials and human skeletal remains, including those of enslaved individuals and undetermined cultural affiliation. This Act also adds new definitions for lineal descendant and proven kinship to replace the undefined term next of kin. This Act would also clarify responsibilities of various parties and encourage preservation of unmarked burials in place, consistent with the purposes of the Chapter. This Act would make failure to report a discovery of remains a prohibited act.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Create The 2022 Delaware Relief Rebate Program.. Description: The Act, which shall be known as the 2022 Delaware Relief Rebate Program, creates a relief rebate which is a one-time direct payment of $300 per Delaware resident taxpayer. This relief is intended to help Delawareans grappling with significant inflation at the grocery store and gas pump.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 11 And Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Administration Of Body Worn Cameras.. Description: This Act requires certain police officers and some certain employees of the Department of Correction and Department of Services for Children, Youth, and Their Families to wear a body worn camera and to use the body worn camera to record interactions with a member of the public in accordance with the regulations to be established by the Council on Police Training. This Act requires state agencies to implement the statewide body worn camera program through the procurement of cameras, development of a central data storage program, and provision of necessary personnel as funding is available.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Titles 14 And 31 Relating To The Parents Right To Know Act.. Description: The Act places the Parents Right to Know Act in the Department of Education instead of the Department of Services for Children, Youth, and Their Families. This Act also clarifies the notice requirements.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 7 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Service Charges Of Licensing Agents.. Description: This bill modernizes the fees agents who sell Delaware State Park permits and Surf Fishing Vehicle permits may now impose. Licensing agents may now add a service charge of up to $2.50 for a state park permit, and a service charge of up to $5.00 for a surf fishing vehicle permit.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 14 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Black History Education.. Description: This Act requires each school district and charter school to establish and implement a curriculum on Black History for students in grades K through 12. This Act incorporates contemporary events into discussions of Black History and the tools of experience.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend The Delaware Code Relating To Clean Water For Delaware.. Description: Many of the States waters do not meet water quality standards to support their designated uses, such as for drinking, swimming or supporting aquatic life. The Clean Water for Delaware Act establishes a framework for assessing needs and planning and implementing projects that support Delawares efforts to improve the quality of the States water supply and waterways. A Delaware Clean Water Trust account is created as a funding source for executing projects highlighted by this framework.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The State Lottery.. Description: This legislation updates the licensing requirements for gaming employees and vendors. In addition, it updates references in certain sections of the laws to reflect which law enforcement agencies are responsible for the duties as described in the Delaware Code. It also ensures that administrative and vendor costs necessary to run the Internet video lottery are deducted only once from the net proceeds derived from the Internet video lottery. Finally, this Act clarifies that the prohibition on selling a lottery ticket for a price greater than that fixed by the Director includes sports lottery tickets in addition to drawing lottery tickets and instant lottery tickets.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 14 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Developmental Screening.. Description: This Act is designed to increase the opportunity for Delaware children to undergo developmental screening with a research-based screening tool at an early age in order to identify children who may be eligible for Early Intervention or special education services. It requires any applicant for a license or renewal of a license to operate a child care facility on or after July 1, 2023 to commit that each child between the age of birth and 5 years old (who has not yet entered kindergarten) enrolled by the child care provider will undergo developmental and social emotional screening. The screening mechanism to be used is the screening system approved by the Department of Education and will be administered by the parent or guardian of the child seeking to be enrolled in the child care facility.
In 2022, Delaware enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 31 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Background Checks And Subsequent Criminal Histories For Potential Or Current Employees Of Child Serving Entities.. Description: This Act removes the exemption for private schools and youth camps that allows them to use a name, rather than fingerprint, based background check or to choose not to do background checks at all for employees, contractors, or volunteers.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 11 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Release And Publication Of The Name And Photograph Of A Juvenile.. Description: This bill prohibits law-enforcement agencies from releasing or publishing or causing to be released or published the name of any juvenile or any image depicting a juvenile, including displaying such image on any publicly maintained social media page or website, unless the juvenile is charged with a violent felony, and release or publication of the photograph is necessary to protect the publics safety.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Titles 19 And 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Establishment And Management Of The Expanding Access For Retirement And Necessary Saving Program.. Description: This Act establishes the Delaware Expanding Access for Retirement and Necessary Saving (EARNS) program to serve as a vehicle through which eligible employees may, on a voluntary basis, provide for additional retirement security through a State-facilitated retirement savings program in a convenient, cost effective, and portable manner. The EARNS program will be designed to serve small businesses who are unable to offer retirement plans to employees due to the cost and administrative burden.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Background Checks For Employees, Contractors, And Volunteers Of The Department Of Health And Social Services.. Description: This bill requires criminal background checks for any current or prospective employee, contractor, and volunteer of the Division of Health and Social Services (DHSS) who visits children in their homes and in the community and has regular, direct access to children or adolescents under the age of 18. The background check includes fingerprinting for Delaware and national background checks as well as a check of the Child Protection Registry. An individual who has a disqualifying criminal conviction or is on the Child Protection Registry at Level III or IV may not be an employee, contractor, or volunteer in any capacity that involves visiting children in their homes or the community or having regular, direct access to children. DHSS, if it chooses, may use its Background Check Center, which processes background checks for individuals working in home-care and long-term care facilities.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 14 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Educator Licensure, Certification, Evaluation, Professional Development, And Preparation Programs.. Description: This Act does the following:
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 21 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Emergency Vehicles.. Description: This bill adds the Department of Correction, Bureau of Prisons and Bureau of Community Corrections' vehicles to the list of "authorized emergency vehicles" identified in Chapter 41 of Title 21 that are afforded certain privileges when responding to an emergency.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 7 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Recycling And Waste Reduction.. Description: This Act provides a phased in approach to further the reduction of single-use plastic bags. This Act increases the minimum thickness for a plastic bag to qualify as a reusable bag from 2.25 mils to 10 mils effective January 1, 2022 and makes the restrictions applicable to stores regardless of size effective July 1, 2022. This Act also makes corrections to existing law to make it conform to the standards of the Legislative Drafting Manual.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend The Charter Of The Town Of Elsmere And Title 21 Of The Delaware Code Relating To A Voluntary Assessment Center.. Description: This Act amends the Charter of the Town of Elsmere and Title 21 of the Delaware Code to create a Voluntary Assessment Center and establish procedures governing the creation and operation of the Center.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 12 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Decedents' Estates And Fiduciary Relations.. Description: Section 1 of the Act amends section 3534 of Title 12 to include, within the class of persons who may receive notice under the statute, designated representatives under section 3339 of Title 12 (representatives under section 3547 of Title 12 already being specifically included within section 3534).
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Titles 14 And 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Disabled Veterans School Tax Credit.. Description: This Act creates the Disabled Veterans Property Tax Relief and Education Fund. Pursuant to this legislation, school districts are authorized to create a credit against school taxes for up to the full amount of school tax liability for property owned by a veteran with a 100% disability rating who is domiciled in this state. The full amount of such credit will be reimbursed by a transfer from the States General Fund to the County Receiver for distribution to such school districts. It has a delayed effective date to allow for implementation of the program.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 11 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Electronic Recordation Of Custodial Interrogations.. Description: Confessions are powerful evidence of guilt. Therefore, this Act adopts the Uniform Law Commission's Uniform Electronic Recordation of Custodial Interrogations Act to promote truth-finding, promote efficiency, and protect constitutional values.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 20 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Notarization.. Description: Under the Governors Eleventh Modification of the COVID-19 State of Emergency Declaration, and continuing upon passage of Senate Bill No. 247, remote notarization and witnessing by Delaware attorneys via audio-visual technology has been permitted. This provision is currently set to sunset on June 30, 2021. This Act extends the provision through June 30, 2022.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 7 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Hunting And Fishing Authorizations.. Description: This Act modernizes fishing, hunting, and trapping license and associated waterfowl and trout stamp specifications to include digital formats. This Act refines the definition of waterfowl consistent with the gamebird waterfowl definition in existing code for determining when a waterfowl stamp is required to hunt waterfowl. This Act also eliminates trout catch reporting requirements, clarifies when and where a trout fishing stamp is required for fishing, and corrects certain trout stamp exemptions in the current code.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 18 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Pharmacy Benefits Managers.. Description: Over 80% of pharmaceuticals in the United States are purchased through pharmacy benefits manager ("PBM") networks. PBMs serve as intermediaries between health plans, pharmaceutical manufacturers, and pharmacies or pharmacists, and PBMs establish networks for patients to receive reimbursement for drugs. Given the scope of PBMs in the healthcare delivery system, this Act is designed to provide enhanced oversight and transparency as it relates to PBMs.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 9 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Administration Of Kent County Government.. Description: This Act codifies procedure for the appointment of a County Administrator by the Kent County Levy Court and specifies the powers and duties of that position. Section 2 of the Act strikes Section 5001 of Title 9 relating to Kent County because it is a duplicate of existing Section 4117 of Title 9. Section 3 strikes 4112 relating to employment of county officers, as authority over hiring is now vested in the County Administrator pursuant to new Section 4108(d)(1). Section 4 updates the provision relating to the Kent County Engineer so that position is hired by the County Administrator rather than the Levy Court.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 16 And Title 18 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Childhood Lead Poisoning Prevention.. Description: Currently, blood lead level screening and testing rates are well below what the Division of Public Health would expect them to be based on the risk factors that determine when screening or testing is necessary.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Titles 21 And 25 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Possessory And Other Certain Liens On Motor Vehicles.. Description: This Act clarifies that when a motor vehicle is subject to a possessory lien either through towing or because of failure to make payment to a garage owner for services rendered to the motor vehicle, the possessory lien does not extend to personal property located in the motor vehicle, and such property shall be returned to the owner if the owner claims the items prior to the sale of such vehicle This Act also clarifies that abandoned personal property does not include personal property inside an abandoned motor vehicle if the owner of the personal property files an answer to a Petition seeking full title and interest to the personal property.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Titles 6, 11, 18, 19, And 25 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Definitions.. Description: This bill makes the definitions of sexual orientation, gender identity, and disability consistent throughout the Delaware Code and with federal law.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Titles 10 And 16 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Immunity From Liability For Donated Food.. Description: Subchapter III, Chapter 68, Title 16 of the Delaware Code (Subchapter III) was originally enacted in 1982. In 1996, President Clinton signed the Bill Emerson Good Samaritan Food Donation Act, 42 U.S.C. § 1791 (Bill Emerson Act). The Bill Emerson Act preempts Subchapter III to the extent of any conflict, known as partial preemption.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 13 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Child Protection From Domestic Violence.. Description: This Act adds child abuse in the third degree to the list of enumerated criminal offenses for which, if convicted, one is by definition considered a perpetrator of domestic violence for purposes of this Child Protection From Domestic Violence Act. This Act also makes technical corrections to conform existing law to the standards of the Delaware Legislative Drafting Manual.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 30 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Charitable Donations To The Delaware Combined Campaign For Justice Through The Personal Income Tax Return.. Description: This Act adds the Delaware Combined Campaign for Justice to the 21 charitable organizations listed on the Delaware personal income tax return to which Delaware tax payers may contribute, either through paying a portion of a refund owed, or an amount in addition to taxes owed through a check off. The Delaware Combined Campaign for Justice was established in 1999 as a partnership of the Delaware State Bar Association, Community Legal Aid Society, Inc., Delaware Volunteer Legal Services and Legal Services Corporation of Delaware. The partners joined to increase the availability of civil legal services to disadvantaged people in Delaware by increasing the resources available to fund legal services.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 18 Of The Delaware Code Related To Interstate Insurance Product Regulation.. Description: This Act authorizes the State of Delaware to execute the Interstate Insurance Product Regulation Compact to protect the interest of consumers of individual and group annuity, life insurance, and disability income insurance products; to develop uniform standards for insurance products covered by the Compact; to establish a central clearinghouse to receive and provide prompt review of insurance products covered under the Compact and, in certain cases, advertisements related thereto, submitted by insurers authorized to do business in one or more compacting jurisdictions; to give appropriate uniform standards; to improve coordination of regulatory resources and expertise between state insurance departments regarding the setting of uniform standards and review of the insurance products covered by the Compact; to create the Interstate Insurance Product Regulation Commission; and to perform these and such other related functions as may be consistent with the state regulation of the business of insurance. A compacting state includes any state which has enacted the legislation and has not withdrawn or been terminated. This Act also designates the Delaware Insurance Commissioner as the State representative to the Commission. Currently, 45 states and Puerto Rico have adopted this Compact and 1 additional state has pending legislation.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 10 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Judicial Privacy.. Description: Recent high-profile attacks on judges and their families are a constant reminder to those that choose public service that they may be doing so at the risk of their and their loved ones lives. The death of U.S. District Court Judge Esther Salas son, Daniel Anderl, in New Jersey is tragically just one example  numerous instances of threatening and harassing behavior targeted at judicial officers rarely make prime time news but nonetheless impacts them. The rise and use of social media and online access to information has made it more difficult for judicial officers to maintain their privacy. This Act would allow judicial officers to make a written request that their personal information not be published and remain confidential. The Act takes effect 1 year after its enactment to allow for implementation.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 11 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Protection Of Witnesses And Crime Victims.. Description: This Act adds victims of human trafficking to the Address Confidentiality Act. Under this program, certain crime victims are provided a substitute address by the Department of Justice so as to protect the participants actual address from public disclosure. This Act also makes technical corrections to conform existing law to the standards of the Delaware Legislative Drafting Manual.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 24 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Profession Of Psychology.. Description: This Act updates the Delaware Code relating to the Delaware Board of Examiners of Psychologists by amending the qualifications for licensure for reciprocity applicants. Currently reciprocity applicants, even those who have practiced many years in another state without blemish, are required to possess the same type of psychology doctoral degree as a new graduate. This bill would grant the Board greater flexibility when evaluating reciprocity applicants by allowing the Board to use an applicants years of experience and training while licensed in another jurisdiction to compensate for any deficiencies in their education. If passed, the bill would align Delaware more closely with surrounding jurisdictions.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 31 Related To Extension Of Medicaid Coverage Through The First Year Postpartum.. Description: This Act requires the Department of Health and Social Services, Division of Medicaid and Medical Assistance to take the necessary steps to expand Medicaid coverage to pregnant women from the current coverage of 60-days from the end of pregnancy under federal Medicaid regulations to 12 months from the end of pregnancy. As a consequence of the COVID-19 pandemic, pregnant women receiving Medicaid benefits cannot be dropped so comprehensive medical care and other health care services have continued beyond 60 days until 12 months after the end of pregnancy by virtue of the federal Determination that a Public Health Emergency Exists. This Act would continue that coverage after the Determination is not renewed. In the event that coverage under the Determination ends before the State Plan Amendment is approved, the State will be obligated to provide the cost of coverage for services provided to pregnant women during the period from 60 days until 12 months after pregnancy ends.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 19 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Police Officers And Firefighters Employment Relations Act.. Description: Currently, there are police officers in this State that are not covered by the Police Officers and Firefighters Employment Relations Act meaning that they do not possess the right of organization and representation. The purpose of this bill is to allow certain law enforcement officers, including supervisors, currently not covered by the Act to have the right of organization and representation. This bill only makes those officers not currently covered by the Act eligible to organize and be represented under the Act. The Act is not intended and should not be construed to affect the rights of any public employer, police officer, or firefighter already covered by the Act.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 14 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Preferences In Student Admissions To Charter Schools.. Description: This Act repeals the ability of a charter school to give preference in student admissions to students residing within a 5-mile radius of the school.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 31 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Emergency Housing Assistance For College Students And Appropriating General Funds To The Student Emergency Housing Assistance Fund.. Description: This Act creates the Korey Thompson Student Emergency Housing Assistance Fund for the benefit of housing insecure undergraduate students at any college or university in Delaware and appropriates $90,000 to the Fund for FY2022. DSHA is charged with administering the Fund and reporting to the Governor and the General Assembly how the funds are spent.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Titles 4, 10 And 16 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Underage Possession Of Marijuana And Alcohol.. Description: This Act permits an officer to refer a juvenile who is in possession of alcohol or marijuana to the Juvenile Civil Citation Program rather than issue an assessment for a monetary civil penalty. Pursuant to the Juvenile Civil Citation Program, a juvenile may be referred to counseling, treatment, or other appropriate interventions. The bill also removes a provision requiring monetary marijuana penalties to double if unpaid within 90 days.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 10, Title 11, Title 21, And Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Fines, Fees, Costs, Assessments, And Restitution.. Description: Recognizing the negative impact of criminal justice imposed financial obligations on defendants has led to reforms across the country to reduce the financial burdens that disproportionally impact the poor. This type of debt and the collateral consequences of suspending a drivers license negatively impacts the rehabilitation of those in the criminal justice system and pushes those without an ability to pay further into the system unnecessarily.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Redistricting After Federal Decennial Census.. Description: This bill changes the deadline for the General Assembly to reapportion and redistrict the State after each federal decennial census to within 120 days following receipt of the federal decennial census data for redistricting pursuant to Public Law 94-171.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Titles 14 And 16 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Volunteer Firefighter Tuition Reimbursement.. Description: This Act creates a tuition reimbursement program for volunteer firefighters, similar to already existing programs for law enforcement officers and National Guard members. Pursuant to this program, active volunteer firefighters may be reimbursed for tuition for 2 undergraduate level courses or one masters level course per semester at any Delaware college or university. The State Fire Prevention Commission is charged with promulgating rules and regulations and administering the program.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act Making Appropriations For The Expense Of The State Government For The Fiscal Year Ending June 30, 2022; Specifying Certain Procedures, Conditions And Limitations For The Expenditure Of Such Funds; And Amending Certain Pertinent Statutory Provisions.. Description: This Bill is the Fiscal Year 2022 Appropriations Act.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act Making A One-time Supplemental Appropriation For The Fiscal Year Ending June 30, 2022 To The Office Of Management And Budget.. Description: This Act appropriates $221,121,200 to provide one-time funded projects through the Office of Management and Budget.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 14 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Pupil And Student Identification Cards.. Description: This Act requires all public schools that serve pupils in grades 7-12 that issue pupil identification cards to have printed on the identification cards the telephone or text numbers for the National Suicide Prevention and National Domestic Violence Hotlines and allows them to add the National Sexual Assault, Teen Dating Violence and Bullying Hotlines. The Act requires all public institutions of higher learning in Delaware, which issue student identification cards, to print on the student identification cards the telephone or text numbers for National Suicide Prevention, Domestic Violence Hotlines and local campus police or campus security telephone numbers and allows the institutions to add the National Sexual Assault Hotline number. This Act will be implemented for the 2022-2023 school year.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 11 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Civil Rights.. Description: This Act criminalizes the deprivation of civil rights modeled after federal law (18 U.S.C. 242) and enforced by the Delaware Department of Justices Division of Civil Rights and Public Trust. The new crime of deprivation of civil rights would be a Class A misdemeanor, which could elevate to a Class D or Class B felony depending on the nature of the injury or harm. This new crime of deprivation of civil rights serves as a predicate offense for hate crimes, or for racketeering if committed by an enterprise. By including conduct committed under color of any ordinance, regulation, or custom, this law accounts for conduct by actors in areas such as banking, lending, leasing, government contracts or political operatives.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 7, Title 16, And Title 20 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Emergency Alerts.. Description: This Act requires Delaware to use the Wireless Emergency Alert (WEA) system to notify the public of emergency alerts and requires that the emergency alert system be used when a catastrophic release occurs. A catastrophic release is a major uncontrolled emission, fire, or explosion that presents an imminent and substantial endangerment to public health. This Act also requires that emergency alerts be broadcast in Spanish, in addition to English, when possible.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 6 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Data Brokers And Consumer Protection.. Description: This Act seeks to provide consumers with critical information about how their personal information is being used by data brokers. This Act requires data brokers to register with the Consumer Protection Unit of the Department of Justice and answer questions regarding their use of personal information that would be published online to inform consumers. A fee schedule is established based on the size of the data broker that would fund the enforcement of the statute. Entities or individuals who collect personal information but do not sell or license that personal data are not required to register. Registration only applies to data brokers who sell or license information. The Act prohibits acquiring or providing brokered personal information where it will be used for certain unlawful purposes, or where it was obtained through fraudulent means. The Act requires data brokers to protect brokered personal information.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 24 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Scrap Metal Processors.. Description: All three counties in Delaware have been plagued with thefts of catalytic converters, which contain precious metals having significant monetary value in the scrap metal industry. This Act adds catalytic converters to the list of items for which scrap metal processors shall create a record and provide information when acquired. Amending Section 24(b)(1) to specifically include catalytic converters as items that the industries regulated by Chapter 23 must report will enhance enforcement of this Chapter and assist law enforcement by providing a mechanism to follow-up on thefts of converters and to obtain solvability factors in the ever-growing trend associated with thefts of converters.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 3 And Title 16 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Pet Food Manufacturing Fees.. Description: This bill seeks to address overpopulation of cats and dogs in our state by creating an additional revenue stream for the State Spay/Neuter Program, to relieve some of the funding burden on animal welfare organizations in the state that are involved in reducing the free-roaming cat population, and provide more funding to meet the needs of low-income residents to spay/neuter their pets. First, it increases the fee only on manufactured cat and dog food over 3 years to $100 per each product per brand, which is in line with many other states. The existing $23 fee currently goes into the General Fund; this legislation will add $2 to the amount going to the General Fund. From the balance of the registration fee, funds are allotted to the Department of Agriculture to cover the cost of creating a program that adapts the registrations to distinguish between the types of feed and to cover the cost of maintaining that system. The remaining funds are distributed to the State Spay/Neuter Fund which provides for a statewide spay/neuter program for free-roaming animals and income-eligible pet owners and allows for qualified non-profit organizations to participate in the Program. The bill also removes the limitation on positions for the Spay/Neuter Program and allows Program to be funded from the Spay/Neuter Fund. This bill is identical in substance to Senate Bill No. 185, as amended by Senate Amendment No. 1, except that this bill provides that pet foods manufactured by non-profits will continue to pay a $23 fee and not be subject to the increase applicable to other pet foods.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Titles 10 And 11 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Protective Orders For Victims Of Sexual Violence.. Description: This Act permits a person who has been the victim of non-consensual sexual conduct or non-consensual sexual penetration to apply for a sexual violence protective order if the person has a reasonable fear, based on specific conduct occurring contemporaneously or subsequent to the non-consensual sexual conduct or penetration, that the perpetrator of the sexual conduct will harm the petitioner in the future. An ex parte temporary order may be issued if a petitioner proves by a preponderance of the evidence that the respondent poses an immediate and present danger of causing physical injury to the petitioner. The protective order is a civil remedy available whether or not the respondent has been charged with a crime and whether or not the petitioner reported the respondents conduct to law enforcement officials. The Act provides for an emergency ex parte hearing as well as a non-emergency hearing in Superior Court.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act Making Appropriations For Certain Grants-in-aid For The Fiscal Year Ending June 30, 2022; Specifying Certain Procedures, Conditions And Limitations For The Expenditure Of Such Funds; Amending The Fiscal Year 2022 Appropriations Act; Amending The Fiscal Year 2022 One-time Supplemental Appropriations Act; And Amending Certain Statutory Provisions.. Description: This Act provides supplementary appropriations to certain Grants-in-Aid recipients for Fiscal Year 2022.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Chapter 69 Of Volume 83 Of The Laws Of Delaware Relating To Decedents' Estates And Trusts.. Description: This Act corrects an error in the drafting of Section 4, Chapter 69, Volume 83 of the Laws of Delaware, House Bill No. 164 of the 151st General Assembly, and makes the correction retroactive to the enactment of the law on June 30, 2021.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend The Charter Of The City Of Newark Relating To Nominations And Elections.. Description: The bill amends the Charter of the City of Newark by changing the timeline for special elections from no less than 30 and no more than 60 days after a vacancy occurs to no less than 60 and no more than 90 days after a vacancy. In addition, the bill sets the filing deadline for special elections at 29 days prior to the election.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend The Charter Of The Town Of Townsend Relating To Town Council Meetings.. Description: This Act amends the Town of Townsend Charter to provide the Town with some flexibility in scheduling its meetings.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 14 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The District Enrollment Choice Program For School Districts And Charter Schools.. Description: Since 1996, students across Delaware have participated in school choice. Currently, reorganized school districts do not follow the same processes thus causing confusion and barriers for families seeking to access choice for their children. The Act aims to streamline the school choice process, making it easier and clearer for parents, guardians, and school administrators to navigate. This Bill gives priority to siblings of students who live in the reorganized school district where the school is located and to siblings of students who do not live in the reorganized school district where the school is located. The Act also updates what constitutes "good cause" to include change of residence or child's participation in an inpatient or day treatment program.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Titles 13 And 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Independent Living Services For Young Adults Aging Out Of Foster Care.. Description: The Department of Services for Children, Youth and Their Families (DSCYF) is charged with providing transitional and independent living services for youth ages 14 to 21. The Division of Family Services (DFS) contracts for case management services for youth ages 16 to 21, with services designed to promote self-sufficiency and responsible living for young adults who are aging out of foster care. Participants receive life skills training and personal development, mentoring, tuition assistance, and support with transitional housing. Participants may also qualify to receive needs-based stipends through ASSIST (Achieving Self Sufficiency & Independence through Supported Transition) to help with living expenses. DFS recently changed the name of the Independent Living Program to the Transitional and Independent Living Program to better reflect the comprehensive nature of services offered to youth. This bill updates references to the program to include transitional and independent living services.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 18 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Insurance Holding Company System Registration.. Description: This Bill amends the States insurance holding company system registration act to designate two additional categories of documents filed under the insurance holding company system registration act as subject to confidential treatment under the law and to incorporate changes adopted by the National Association of Insurance Commissioners related to affiliated transactions for insurers in receiverships. The adopted changes to the model law were developed to address the continuation of essential services by affiliates of insurers undergoing receivership, as well as the receivers access to data and records held by affiliates but belonging to the insurer. The amendments, among other things, add certain standards for affiliate transactions of an insurer that is deemed to be in hazardous financial condition or subject to a supervision, conservation or delinquency proceeding, including that such transactions must:
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 16 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Synthetic Cannabinoids.. Description: This Act updates the synthetic cannabinoids listed on Schedule I of the Uniform Controlled Substances Act by using broader language so that new synthetic cannabinoids created after the enactment of this Act fall within this definition without needing to be specifically listed.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 10 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Change Of Name.. Description: This Act repeals the requirement that individuals seeking to change their name publish notice of the petition for change of name in a newspaper published in the county in which the proceeding is had at least once a week for 3 weeks before the petition is filed. This provision does not exist in 20 other states, including our neighbors in New Jersey, Maryland, and Virginia, and serves to only add an additional financial barrier to those seeking to change their name.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 10 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Liability For Sexual Abuse Of A Child By An Adult Employee Of A School, Organization, Or Business.. Description: This Act codifies the principle set forth in Doe v. Bicking, 2020 Del. Super. LEXIS 43, *32, 2020 WL 374677 (Del. Super. Jan. 22, 2020) that recognizes that in cases of childhood sexual abuse by an employee of a school, organization, or business that serves or cares for children, the perpetrator often has authority and power over the child victim, which can be enabled by the perpetrators position in that institution. If a child is abused while the perpetrator is doing the perpetrators job, the employer should be responsible.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 16 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Certification Of Central Service Technicians.. Description: This Act establishes certification and continuing education requirements for central service technicians working in hospitals and freestanding surgical centers. Central service technicians are an important part of the healthcare team responsible for decontaminating, inspecting, assembling, disassembling, packaging, and sterilizing reusable surgical instruments and equipment. This Act requires individuals who perform the tasks of a central service technician to pass a nationally accredited examination and to hold either a certified registered central service technician credential or certified sterile processing and distribution technician credential within 18 months of hire. This Act grandfathers anyone working as a central service technician in a health care facility on or before January 1, 2023.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 16 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Regulatory Provisions Concerning Public Health.. Description: This Act commits discretion over the length of certified nursing assistant training and orientation programs to the Secretary of the Department of Health and Human Services. This change will facilitate the rapid certification of National Guard members as certified nursing assistants (CNAs) by allowing the Department of Health and Social Services to establish the total required classroom and clinical training and mandatory facility-specific orientation hours. Modeled after a Minnesota initiative, eligible guard members will participate in rapid certification programs through DelTech and be deployed to provide temporary staffing in long term care facilities experiencing staffing shortages under MOUs entered will the facilities. National Guard members have served as a critical part of the states response efforts throughout the COVID-19 pandemic. Training and deploying National Guard soldiers to work as CNAs will help relieve staffing shortages in health care settings and facilitate the transfer of patients out of Delawares hospitals to free up in-patient bed space.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Controller General.. Description: This Act provides for a Deputy Controller General who is authorized to serve as the Acting Controller General if the Controller General dies, resigns, is removed, or is temporarily incapacitated.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 1 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Delaware Code Revisors.. Description: This Act authorizes Legislative Council to determine the compensation to be paid to the Delaware Code Revisors.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Titles 19, 29 And 30 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Covid-19 Related Unemployment Benefits, Assessments And Rulemaking Authority.. Description: This bill provides COVID-19 related relief to both claimants receiving unemployment benefits and employers who are assessed unemployment taxes, and extends the end date of the Secretary of Labors COVID-19 related rulemaking authority. Section 1 exempts unemployment compensation benefits received in 2021 from the calculation of Delaware adjusted gross income so that unemployment claimants will not have to pay state taxes on the benefits they received during the continuation of the pandemic into 2021. This exemption was previously granted for 2020 state taxes. Section 2 holds the 2022 new employer assessment rate, average industry assessment rate and average construction industry assessment rate at the same rate as 2020 in order to avoid an increase in these rates as a result of the increase in unemployment claims due to COVID-19. Section 3 reduces the unemployment tax assessment rate for merit rated employers to the lowest of their earned rates for 2020, 2021 and 2022, in order to provide further tax relief for employers dealing with the economic effects of COVID-19, but does not provide this reduction for any employers who are paying the delinquency rate of assessment because of a failure to file quarterly assessment reports or failure to pay assessments. Section 3 also allows the Department the administrative authority to reduce employer assessment rates below the delinquency rate and provide responding credits, as necessary to correct administrative errors or address fraudulent claims charged to employers, except for employers who are charged the delinquency assessment rate because they have failed to file any quarterly tax report. Section 4 holds the taxable wage base at $14,500 for 2022, which will reduce the amount of wages on which employers pay unemployment tax assessments into the UI Trust Fund for 2022. The Department has determined that the impact of this change on the UI Trust Fund balance is estimated to be $11.4M in 2022. Sections 5 and 6 extend to December 31, 2022 the provision in HB 65, which authorized the Delaware Secretary of Labor to issue emergency rules amending the Delaware Unemployment Insurance Code to deal with the continuing effects of COVID-19 and implement federal programs providing unemployment benefits to respond to COVID-19.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 9 Of The Delaware Code To Extend The Permitted Maturities Of Bonds For Sewer And Wastewater Treatment In New Castle County.. Description: According to the American Society of Civil Engineers, the useful life of the components of typical sewer and wastewater systems ranges from 15 years to 100 years. In light of the long life of sewer and wastewater infrastructure, longer maturities are appropriate for bonds issued to fund such infrastructure. This bill extends the maturity of bonds permitted to be issued by New Castle County from 30 years to 40 years for both sewer and wastewater projects, recognizing the long life of such assets. Extending the maturities of sewer and wastewater infrastructure-related bonds will enable New Castle County to access federal programs that allow for longer-duration repayment periods, such as the Water Infrastructure and Innovation Act and the U.S. Department of Agriculture loan program for sewer, solid waste and stormwater drainage in eligible rural areas. Furthermore, longer maturities reduce the debt service burden on the Countys operating budget.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 6 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Prohibited Trade Practices Forbidding Discrimination Against Cash Payments By Consumers.. Description: This Act prohibits the seller of consumer goods or services from refusing to accept cash payment, except in limited circumstances. Sales covered by this Act are those made at a retail store through an in-person transaction. The Act does not apply to sales of goods or services by electric or gas utilities, telephone, mail or internet sales, or for services provided at parking lots or garages. It creates graduated civil penalties for violations and provides consumers a private right of action to recover double damages, including consequential damages, for a second violation of the law and triple damages for subsequent violations. The Division of Consumer Protection has authority to enforce the law.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 4 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Alcoholic Liquors.. Description: This bill allows liquor stores, farm wineries, brewery-pubs, microbreweries, craft distilleries, and wine auctions to provide curbside service for the sale of alcohol, but makes clear that all sales must comply with all of the regulatory provisions of Chapter 7 of Title 4, including the prohibition against sales to intoxicated persons and persons under 21 years of age.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 4 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Alcoholic Liquors.. Description: This bill permanently removes the sunset provision of House Bill 1 to allow food and drink establishments who suffered great losses since March, 2020 due to the pandemic to continue to sell alcoholic beverages in transactions for take-out, curbside, or drive-through service and to use outdoor seating for serving of food and drinks so long as the licensee satisfies certain conditions. This bill also permanently provides the Commissioner the authority to temporarily suspend a license only if the Commissioner has reasonable grounds to believe that public's safety is at risk and there has been a violation of the law, and to hold hearings by electronic, telephonic, or remote means.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 14 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Educator Evaluations And Procedures For The Termination Of Services Of Professional Employees.. Description: This Act continues the changes made to the Delaware Performance Appraisal System II created under Senate Bill 42 of the 151st General Assembly, with modifications. In order to maintain an evaluation system under current operational challenges, this bill modifies Senate Bill 42 by allowing evidence collected during the observation and feedback cycle to be used a part of the evaluation cycle, to assign a summative rating, and to place educators on improvement plans, if needed. Additionally, this bill extends the pilot for the Delaware Teacher Growth and Support System, created under House Bill 133 of the 151st General Assembly, to the 2022-2023 school year, moving the start date for statewide implementation to the 2023-2024 school year.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Public Comment At Open Meetings.. Description: House Bill No. 293 requires that meetings of public bodies that are open to the public must provide an opportunity for public comment. Meetings of a public body of the General Assembly are excluded from the requirement to provide an opportunity for public comment because under § 9 of Art. II of the Delaware Constitution, the rules of proceedings for legislative meetings are established by the Senate and House of Representatives of each General Assembly.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 3, Title 4, Title 8, Title 9, Title 11, Title 14, Title 16, Title 18, Title 19, Title 21, Title 24, Title 25, Title 29, Title 30, And Title 31 Of The Delaware Code, The Charter Of Hartly, And The Laws Of Delaware Relating To Technical Corrections.. Description: In January 2021, the Code Revisors provided the General Assembly with a list of potential technical corrections that they identified as they revised the Delaware Code to reflect legislation that was enacted by the 150th General Assembly in 2019 or as they reviewed titles of the Code. While technical in nature, these changes are beyond the authority of the Code Revisors to make and can only be done by the General Assembly through legislation. This Act also includes technical corrections identified outside of the list provided by the Code Revisors.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 14 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Free Public Schools.. Description: This Act establishes a mental health services unit for Delaware middle schools. The unit is phased in over 3 years, beginning in FY2023, to arrive at a final ratio of 250 full-time equivalent students grades 6-8 for a full-time school counselor, school social worker, or licensed clinical social worker. Additionally a unit ratio of 700 full time equivalent students for grades 6-8 for employment of a full-time school psychologist. This Act defines mental health services as prevention, response, and coordination services delivered to students in elementary schools.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 14 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Mental Health Educational Programs.. Description: A 2017 survey of Delaware high school students found that during the 12 months before the survey the following occurred:
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 11 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Forgery Of Proof Of Vaccination.. Description: House Bill No. 302 clarifies that the creation or possession of an altered or fake vaccination document is forgery in the second degree. This crime includes electronic vaccination documents because the existing definition of "written instrument" under § 863 of Title 11 includes electronic equivalents. This Act does not address electronic vaccination records because the existing crime of misusing computer system information, § 935 of Title 11, clearly covers tampering with computer records, which includes vaccination records.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Titles 18, 29, And 31 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Mental Health.. Description: This bill amends Chapter 33, Title 18 of the Delaware Code by adding a new § 3370E to require coverage of an annual behavioral health well check.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 14 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Reading Competency.. Description: This Act recognizes advancements in the science of reading and literacy instruction by requiring that all public school students in kindergarten through grade 3 participate in a universal reading screening 3 times each year to identify potential reading deficiencies, including dyslexia, and allow for early intervention and prevention. The Department is tasked with compiling a list of reading screeners as well as literacy intervention approaches that are aligned with the science of reading that charter schools and districts may use. The Department will take into account the science of reading and evidence-based research in creating the list as well as the alignment of screeners and interventions with a multi-tiered system of support. The Department is also required to consider the burden on schools to administer screeners and the amenability of the screener to being incorporated into ongoing instruction.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend The Charter Of The Town Of South Bethany Relating To Municipal Elections And Organization Of The Town Council.. Description: This Act amends the Town of South Bethany Charter to provide the correct citation to charter provisions relating to residency.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 11 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Disability Pensions For Delaware State Police And County And Municipal Police And Firefighters.. Description: A disability pension for Delaware State Police officer and County and Municipal police officers and firefighters is only for those first responders who suffer injuries on the job such as being shot or assaulted while effecting an arrest or getting burned while putting out a fire. Many who suffer these injuries while doing their job protecting the citizens of this State are unable to return to their jobs as police officers or firefighters. Under the current law, these officers and firefighters who receive a disability pension and have not reached normal retirement date must report total earnings from any gainful employment or business each year. If the officer or firefighter receives earnings over the current base pay of the officers or firefighters rank at the time of the disability, such excess must be deducted from the disability pension. However, such provision does not apply to officers and firefighters who have reached normal retirement date.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 16 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Provision Of Information About Lyme Disease.. Description: This Act, modeled on similar laws in Virginia and Maryland, requires a health-care provider to provide notice to a patient at the time blood is drawn to perform a laboratory test for Lyme disease that explains the limitations of the test and instructs the patient to see their health-care provider if the patient continues to experience unexplained symptoms. This Act was previously passed by the 150th General Assembly in Senate Bill 15, and is the same except for the removal of the sunset provision.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend The Laws Of Delaware Relating To The Bond And Capital Improvements Act Of The State Of Delaware And Certain Of Its Authorities For The Fiscal Year Ending June 30, 2022.. Description: This Act amends the Fiscal Year 2022 Bond and Capital Improvements Act to (1) authorize the Department of Transportation to use Community Transportation Funds for one-time reimbursements for various projects; (2) redistribute Community Reinvestment Funds to the Department of Transportation; (3) clarify existing funds for Mental Health Services Units are to be distributed as a block grant; (4) authorize drainage project funds to be used for both the Meeting House Branch and Persimmon Park Place drainage projects; (5) reallocate funds for a shellfish aquaculture project; (6) reallocate funds from the Municipal Infrastructure Fund to the Delaware State Fair; (7) include repairs to the responsibilities of the Facilities Management Section; (8) authorize the Office of Management and Budget to acquire property for the Delaware National Guard; (9) authorize the Department of State to identify land for acquisition for the North Wilmington Library; (10) authorize the Office of Management and Budget to transfer a property to St. Anthonys Community Center Inc.; (11) increase substitute pay to adjust for minimum wage increases; (12) reallocate funds from the Clean Water and Drinking Water State Revolving Funds to create a School Construction Market Pressure Contingency Fund; (13) reallocate funds from the Clean Water and Drinking Water State Revolving Funds for the Riverfront Development Corporation; (14) reallocate funds from the Clean Water and Drinking Water State Revolving Funds to the Urban Redevelopment program; (15) exempt the Delmar School District Parking Lot Project from prevailing wage requirements due to funding source; and (16) authorize local bond shares for the Appoquinimink School District.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 6 And Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Equal Accommodations.. Description: This Act clarifies the scope and protections for individuals with disabilities under the Delaware Equal Accommodations Law (DEAL) and further aligns definitions and scope of DEAL with federal law protecting individuals with disabilities from discrimination by places of public accommodation, including the Americans with Disabilities Act. This Act is consistent with the Superior Court's decision in Ray v. State Human Rels. Comm'n, 2021 Del. Super. LEXIS 668, which held that "[a]ny interpretation to suggest the legislature made a choice to narrow DEAL's protection ignores both the express mandates and comprehensive guidance under DEAL. It takes away the right of a protected class member to be heard. As interpreted, Delaware law would need to reject what has been universally accepted."
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend The Charter Of The Town Of Millsboro Relating To The Power To Borrow Money And Issue Bonds, And Annual Audit.. Description: This Act amends the Millsboro Charter to require the town auditor to make and deliver the annual audit report to the Town Council by the date of the Council's regular meeting in January after the end of the fiscal year.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 10 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Mandatory Sentences For Juveniles.. Description: This bill clarifies House Bill 307 from 2018 by making it clear that a 6-month or 12-month mandatory commitment to Level 5 incarceration or institutional confinement for a juvenile only applies to adjudications of delinquency for the charge of Robbery First Degree or Possession of a Firearm during the Commission of a Felony if the offense was committed after the childs 16th birthday.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 14 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Free Public Schools.. Description: This bill provides unit funding for full time employees who shall be hired to provide permanent substitute teaching support in Delaware schools. The bill also provides professional development requirements for those hired into these positions and creates a pathway to teaching to those individuals who meet the requirements for an emergency certificate.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Titles 13 And 16 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Domestic Violence Coordinating Council.. Description: This bill does all of the following relating to the Domestic Violence Coordinating Council. First, it adds the Chief Magistrate of the Justice of the Peace Court to the Domestic Violence Coordinating Council. Second, it removes the limitations on the use of voting by proxy by members of the Council. These limitations are unnecessary because § 2104(f) provides that the Council promulgate rules of procedure governing its operations so long as they are in accordance with Chapters 100 and 101 of Title 29. Thus, the Council, not the statute, should determine the rules necessary to govern its own operations. Finally, the bill adds the Fatal Incident Review Team of the Domestic Violence Coordinating Council to the list of entities that are entitled to receive protected health information without informed consent. The protected health information at issue is essential for the Fatal Incident Review Team to review. Due to federal law, certain providers are prohibited from providing such information even with a subpoena. However, these providers can provide the protected health information if the statute specifically permits such protected health information to be disclosed without informed consent.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Technology Investment Council.. Description: This Act is a result of the Joint Legislative Oversight and Sunset Committee's review of the Technology Investment Council ("TIC"). This Act updates TIC's statute to further streamline operations and prevent redundancies, and to make technical corrections to conform existing law to the standards of the Delaware Legislative Drafting Manual. This Act is the product of collaboration with TIC, the Department of Technology and Information, and other stakeholders.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 14 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Licenses For Deployed Active Duty, Activated Reserve, And National Guard Military Personnel.. Description: This Act establishes a period of time when a license for a nonpublic school teacher, specialist, or administrator employed by this State and for a public education employee, i.e., a Department of Education employee, adult education employee, and prison education employee, does not expire. The Act defers the expiration of the license for an individual who is or is the spouse of active-duty military, is or is the spouse of a member of the National Guard, is or is the spouse of an individual in the military reserve, and for an individual who is or is the spouse of retired military. The Act provides that a license does not expire for 180 days after the date the individual or the individuals spouse returns from active deployment if the person or the persons spouse holds an initial license and for 270 days after return from active deployment if the person or the persons spouse holds a continuing or advanced license. This does not apply to public school educators who are licensed and certified in accordance with subchapters II and III of Title14. This Act also replaces the Associate Secretary, Administration and Innovation with the Associate Secretary, Educator Support throughout Section 121.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 24 Relating To Prescribing Medications For The Termination Of Pregnancy.. Description: In 2000, the United States Federal Drug Administration ("FDA") first approved the Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy ("REMS") for Mifeprex; and approved the generic version of Mifeprex, Mifepristone, in 2019. A regimen approved by the FDA in 2016 for Mifeprex and Mifepristone includes the use of Misoprostol. Under the REMS approved by the FDA, healthcare providers who wish to prescribe Mifepristone, Misoprostol, or Mifeprex must complete a Prescriber Agreement before ordering and dispensing the medication. Physicians assistants and advanced practiced registered nurses (APRNs) are healthcare providers who are eligible to prescribe these medications under the REMS. This bill allows physician assistants and advanced practice registered nurses to prescribe medication for the termination of pregnancy including Mifeprex, Mifepristone, and Misoprostol.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 18 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Disapproval Of Insurance Policy Forms.. Description: This bill expands the Commissioners authority to deny policy form filings that encourage misrepresentation, contain any unjust, unfair or inequitable provisions, or where the benefits provided are unreasonable in relation to the premium charged, to other lines of insurance not limited to life and health policies. This bill also makes technical changes to conform to the requirements of the Delaware Legislative Drafting Manual.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 18 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Processing Of Refunds Of Overpayments.. Description: This bill removes the requirement that the Director of the Office of Management and Budget approve Title 18-related refunds of overpayments.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 18 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Mergers Or Consolidation Of Insurers.. Description: This bill requires that the Commissioners retention of any outside attorneys, actuaries, accountants, and other experts in the review of any application for merger or consolidation of a domestic insurer be at the expense of the party applying for such merger or consolidation. This bill aligns the payment of the Commissioners expenses for mergers and consolidations with other acquisitions under Chapter 50 of Title 18 of the Delaware Code. This bill also makes technical changes to conform to the requirements of the Delaware Legislative Drafting Manual.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 11 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Assault.. Description: House Bill 214 enacted by the 148th General Assembly (80 Del. Laws c. 287) expanded the offense of Assault in the Second Degree to include the intentional assault of ambulance operators, rescue squad members, and nurses injured while performing work-related duties. As a result of increasing workplace violence directed against healthcare providers, this Act further defines Assault in the Second Degree to include other health care treatment providers and employees and hospital security personnel who are injured while performing their work-related duties.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 21 And Title 11 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Drag Racing And Other Dangerous Operations Of Motorized Vehicles.. Description: This Act makes several adjustments to the law prohibiting drag racing and other speed contests. Many individuals lawfully gather to share their enthusiasm for vehicles and may do so while abiding the rules of the road and without otherwise endangering persons or property. However, others have taken their enthusiasm into dangerous directions that often results in damage to property, injury, or death. For example, Kirkwood Highway has experienced an uptick in large crowds engaged in dangerous driving behavior and as the result of a drag racing event at the Christiana Mall Fashion Center, there was a vehicular fatality. Whether by drag racing, trick or stunt riding, conducting burnouts in intersections, doing donuts in parking lots, or taking over roadways to showboat, these dangers are further amplified by the crowd size that follows and the attempted notoriety sought through social media posts.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 11 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The State Bureau Of Identification.. Description: This bill updates the State Bureau of Identifications definition of criminal justice agency in two ways. First, by adding the Division of Management Support Services in the Department of Services for Children, Youth & Their Families to reflect the shift in some criminal justice functions to that Division from the Division of Family Services. Second, by clarifying that the Office of the Child Advocate is a criminal justice agency. The Office of the Child Advocate provides legal representation to children in foster care, and the Investigation Coordinator, located within the Office of the Child Advocate, is a member of the criminal multidisciplinary response to child abuse and neglect.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Rename The Claymont Regional Transportation Center At First State Crossing In Honor Of Delaware State Senator Harris Brown Mcdowell, Iii.. Description: This Act renames the Claymont Regional Transportation at First State Crossing in Claymont, Delaware as the "Harris B. McDowell, III Transportation Center" after Senator Harris B. McDowell, III, the longest serving member of the Delaware General Assembly.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: An Act To Amend The Delaware Code Relating To Stands Operated By A Child.. Description: Stands operated by children that serve or sell lemonade or other beverages on a temporary, occasional basis are a summertime tradition for many children. This Act exempts a stand operated by a child from State, county, and municipal regulations and licensing fees that might otherwise apply.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Titles 16 And 24 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Declawing Cats.. Description: This Act amends Title 16 by prohibiting all persons from declawing a cat; a procedure defined as a onychectomy, dactylectomy, phalangectomy, tendonectomy, or any other procedure that removes a portion of the paw or digit of a cat in order to remove a claw or cuts or modifies the tendon of the limb, paw, or digit of a cat to prohibit the extension of a claw. The Act excludes declawing a cat for therapeutic purposes as defined in the Act. A violation under the Act will be considered a civil offense subject to a civil fine up to $1,000. This Act also amends Title 24 specifying that if a veterinarian or a veterinarian technician is found to have declawed a cat, such act will be considered to have been acting cruel to animals, and they will be subject to professional disciplinary action.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 24 Relating To Practice By Telehealth And Telemedicine.. Description: This bill permits health-care providers who are licensed in a state other than Delaware to deliver health-care services by telehealth and telemedicine only if a health-care provider-patient relationship has been established in accordance with § 6003 of Title 24.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Reapportionment Of The State Legislative Districts.. Description: This Act makes changes to the Senate and House of Representatives districts so as to minimize the need for new election districts and increase the efficiency of election administration. Section 841 is updated to reflect the consolidation of the Department of Elections and provide direction to the Department on the filing of finalized maps.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 14 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Basic Salary Schedule For School-based Physical Therapists.. Description: This Act provides school-base physical therapists who have graduated from an accredited college or university with the highest level masters or doctorate degree, and who have achieved a passing score on the national physical therapy examination issued by the Federation of State Boards of Physical Therapy, with base salaries of Master Plus 30 or Doctorate, and provides the ability to move forward on the salary schedule for additional credits earned. Since 2015, a doctorate degree is required in order to sit for the national physical therapy examination for licensure.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 12 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Jointly Held Real-estate Affidavits And Filing At The Register Of Wills.. Description: This Act makes it easier to properly clear title to real property after a person dies if the person held real property jointly with the right of survivorship. With more frequency, a deceased person may die as a resident in a county that is different from the county in which the deceased owned real property. This Act provides relief to those who are the surviving joint owner of a person who died in a county that is different than the county where the real property is located. The surviving joint owner of real property may not have anything to do with the deceased persons estate, or the probate of it, making it difficult for the surviving joint owner to obtain exemplified copies from different states or countries, which results in the loss of valuable time and money to the surviving joint owner.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 25 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Satisfaction Of Mortgages After A Lapse Of Time.. Description: This Act provides an automatic satisfaction of a mortgage 10 years after the maturity date as stated in the mortgage or any recorded extension of the mortgage or, in the absence of a stated maturity date, 40 years after the recording of the mortgage or any extension of the mortgage. This Act also reduces the time after which an attorney may file a certificate of satisfaction under § 2123 of Title 25 of the Delaware Code to 10 years after the maturity date and 40 years after the recording of a mortgage.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Titles 10 And 11 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Real Property Lien Of Criminal-related Judgments.. Description: This Act provides protection to homeowners from sellers that may have misled buyers (or their settlement attorneys) regarding a criminal judgment that attached to real property. It prevents innocent owners from potentially becoming a second victim by having a prior owners lien attach for more than 7 years after the settlement.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 31 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Child And Maternal Mortality.. Description: Improving the quality of maternal health care and ensuring full access to it improves health outcomes and reduces preventable pregnancy-related deaths. The United States has one of the highest rates of maternal mortality among high-income countries and wide disparities by race that have been documented since rates separated by race were first published in 1935. Currently, Indigenous and Black women are dying at two to three times the rate of White women, Asian/Pacific Islander women, and Hispanic women. Investigating maternal deathsspecifically by obtaining information beyond vital statistics datais imperative to understanding why people may die while pregnant, during labor and delivery, and in the postpartum period. (Source: Guttmacher Institute)
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 11 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Treatment Of Pregnant And Post-partum Prisoners.. Description: Delaware law already prohibits the use of restraints on women who are giving birth or in labor except in limited circumstances. This Act expands that protection to include women in the second or third trimester of pregnancy and those in the 13-week immediate post-partum period. Wrist restraints fastened in front of the body may be used during transport except during labor or delivery or while being transported with a newborn. Wrist, leg, and waist restraints may also be used in extraordinary circumstances, but a licensed medical professional must be notified as soon as practicable when waist or leg restraints are applied and examine the prisoner within 10 minutes of the notification. Leg and waist restraints are prohibited for prisoners in labor and delivery.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 31 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Medicaid Coverage For Doula Services.. Description: This Act requires that the Division of Medicaid and Medical Assistance to present a plan to the General Assembly by November 1, 2022 for coverage of doula services by Medicaid providers.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 16 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Bias Training For Healthcare Workers.. Description: This substitute bill places responsibility for development of bias and cultural competency training for healthcare employees in a subcommittee of the Delaware Perinatal Quality Collaborative. The subcommittee will develop training guidelines designed for use in all healthcare fields and shall release the initial guidelines by July 1, 2023. The subcommittee will review data every year thereafter and revise the guidelines as necessary.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 11 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Medical Care.. Description: This Act ensures pregnant women and women who have given birth within the past six weeks who are subject to the custody of the Department of Corrections at Level IV or V have access to midwifery and doula services by requiring the Department to make reasonable accommodations for provision of available midwifery or doula services. This Act requires the Department to establish and provide midwifery services subject to the availability of funds designated for that purpose. This Act also requires the Department to provide written notice to pregnant and postpartum women subject to the custody of the Department at Level IV or V of the availability of midwifery and doula services.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 14 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Basic Salary Schedule For School-based Physical And Occupational Therapists.. Description: This Act provides nationally certified occupational therapists with a salary supplement for receiving national certification. This Act also makes technical corrections to conform existing language to the standards of the Delaware Drafting Manual.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 21 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Special License Plates.. Description: This bill creates a special license plate for Suicide Prevention, Awareness, and Support in honor of Jason Staley.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 19 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Delawares Whistleblowers Protection Act.. Description: This Act amends Delawares Whistleblower Protection Act to preclude an employer from reporting or threatening to report an employees citizenship or immigration status or a family members citizenship or immigration status to a federal, state, or local agency, in response to the employee engaging in a protected activity under Delawares Whistleblower Act.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 7 Of Delaware Code Relating To The Fort Dupont Redevelopment And Preservation Corporation.. Description: This Act is to fortify the Declaration of Purpose for the Fort DuPont Complex. This Act does the following:
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 16 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Delaware Medical Marijuana Act.. Description: This Act terminates the Medical Marijuana Act Oversight Committee ("Committee"). After Joint Legislative Oversight and Sunset Committee's ("JLOSC") thoroughly reviewed the Committee, JLOSC concluded that the Office of Medical Marijuana ("Office") oversees a functioning medical marijuana program without support from the Committee. Since October 15, 2015, the Committee has made only 2 recommendations to the Office relating to the medical marijuana program and has not made recommendations to the Governor or the General Assembly. Therefore, the Committee is not meeting a public need.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Council On Services For Aging And Adults With Physical Disabilities.. Description: This Act is a result of the Joint Legislative Oversight and Sunset Committee's ("JLOSC") review of Adult Protective Services ("APS"). In the process of the review, and with APS's agreement, JLOSC recommended eliminating the Adult Protective Services Advisory Council under § 3903 of Title 31 and absorbing that council's role into the Council on Services for Aging and Adults with Physical Disabilities. This Act makes the required changes to the Council on Services for Aging and Adults with Physical Disabilities. The APS Advisory Council is removed from Title 31 in separate legislation.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 23 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Pilotage Rates.. Description: This bill establishes the pilotage rates for the Pilots Association for the Bay and River Delaware for 2023, 2024, and 2025.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The State Council For Persons With Disabilities.. Description: This Act makes the State Council for Persons with Disabilities consistent with current practice by revising its responsibilities to collect data regarding persons with disabilities. This Act also amends the members of the Council and clarifies the definition of persons with disabilities. This Act also makes technical corrections to conform existing law to the standards of the Delaware Legislative Drafting Manual.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 16 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Fireworks.. Description: This Act deletes from the Delaware Code a derogatory and highly offensive term for Italian-, Spanish-, and Portuguese-American immigrants.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 12 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Delaware Guardianship Commission.. Description: This Act adds a member of the Delaware Bar, designated by the Elder Law Section of the Delaware State Bar Association, to the Delaware Guardianship Commission. This Act also makes technical changes to conform existing law to the standards of the Delaware Legislative Drafting Manual.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 4 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Alcoholic Liquors.. Description: Currently, there is ambiguity whether a person who is 14 or 15 years of age can be employed by restaurants, hotels, or dining facilities that serve alcoholic liquors. This bill removes that ambiguity and makes it clear that persons 14 and 15 years of age can be employed in such places where alcoholic liquors are served, but cannot be involved in the sale or service of alcoholic liquor.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 25 Of The Code Relating To The Residential Landlord-tenant Code And Manufactured Home And Manufactured Home Communities Act.. Description: This bill extends protections to homeowners in manufactured home communities even if their homes do not qualify as manufactured homes under the current definition of manufactured home. Currently there exists a population of Delawareans living in camper trailers on rented land. Due to this unique living situation these individuals are not protected under the landlord-tenant code or our state's manufactured housing laws. This act remedies this inequality for Delawareans who have lived in this situation for at least 5 years. Currently there exists a population of Delawareans living in camper trailers on rented land. Due to this unique living situation these individuals are not protected under the landlord-tenant code or our State's manufactured housing laws. This Act remedies this inequality for Delawareans who have lived in this situation for at least 5 years.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Racial Equity Consortium.. Description: This Act establishes the Racial Equity Consortium (Consortium) for the purposes of studying and making recommendations to address the disparities and inequities faced by persons of color in this State.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 16 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Delaware Burn Camp.. Description: This Act authorizes the Delaware Burn Camp Corporation created by Subchapter VII to determine its own Board of Directors.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 14 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Early Childhood Education.. Description: This Act requires the Department of Education to conduct an annual workforce study of early childhood professionals to support the development of a plan and implementation of a system of supports to grow and deepen the early childhood workforce. The first study is due by November 15, 2022, the plan by January 31, 2023, and implementation of the system should be in place by September 1, 2023.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Public Attorney Student Loan Repayment Program.. Description: According to a survey conducted by the American Bar Association, 90 percent of early-career lawyers have student loans, averaging $130,000. The same survey found that Black borrowers accumulated more debt to obtain their law degree compared to other borrowers of other racial/ethnic backgrounds, and that most young lawyers who borrowed for their education reported that their debt caused them to delay or forego pursuing traditional life milestones, such as purchasing a home, marriage, and starting a family. According to the survey, an overwhelming majority of borrowers  roughly 80 percent  indicated their debt influenced their choice of job or career in some way. Most borrowers reported that salary factored more heavily into their job selection than anticipated. Nearly a third of the sample indicated their position was less focused on public service or doing good than intended when they started law school.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 13 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Family Law Commission.. Description: Delawares modern-day, statewide Family Court was established in 1971, unifying what had been multiple family law-related court systems throughout the state. In 1984, the Family Law Commission (FLC) was created to study and evaluate Delawares domestic relations, or family, laws and the Family Courts rules and procedures; review legislation relating to family law and the Family Court; disseminate family law-related information to Delawareans; and engage in other related activities that it deemed appropriate.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 14, Title 29, And Title 31 Relating To People Who Are Visually Impaired.. Description: This Act is a result of the Joint Legislature Oversight and Sunset Committee's ("JLOSC") review of the Division for the Visually Impaired ("DVI") and represents the collaboration of several state agencies and other stakeholders.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 31 Relating To "seeing Eye Dogs.". Description: This Act repeals § 2117, Title 31, which relates to an individual who, by reason of loss or impairment of eyesight or hearing, has a right to be accompanied by a seeing eye dog, also known as a guide dog, in public conveyances; hotels; lodging places; all places of accommodation, amusement, or resort; and other places to which the general public is invited. This Act is a result of the Joint Legislative Oversight and Sunset Committees review of the Division for the Visually Impaired, and furthers the goal of modernizing Chapter 21, Title 31.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 16 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Statewide Contracts To Support Employment For Individuals With Disabilities.. Description: This Act is a result of the Joint Legislative Oversight and Sunset Committees (JLOSC) review of the Division for the Visually Impaired. Under this Act, the Delaware Industries for the Blind (DIB) is repealed. DIB closed operations in March 2017 after experiencing several challenges, including all of the following:
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 4 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Licenses For Sale Of Alcoholic Beverages.. Description: This Act allows any municipality with a population of 50,000 or more to establish by ordinance rules for the location of liquor stores that are more restrictive than state law, and requires the Alcohol Commissioner to refuse a license for any new establishment that does not comply with those rules.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 25 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Rental Agreements.. Description: This Act prohibits a landlord from requiring a tenant declaw a cat as a condition for entering into or renewing a rental agreement. This Act also makes technical corrections to conform existing law to the standards of the Delaware Legislative Drafting Manual.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 16 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Medical Care Of Police Dogs Injured In The Line Of Duty.. Description: This Act is made to authorize Paramedics and other Emergency Medical Services Personnel to provide medical care to Police Dogs injured at the scene of an emergency. This Act also grants civil and criminal immunity to such Emergency Employees who provide medical services to Police Dogs, so long as their efforts to assist the Police Dog were in good faith. However, it does clarify that in a situation where a person and a Police Dog need Emergency Medical Care at the same time the Medical Services Personnel are prohibited from providing care to the Police Dogs over the Individual Person, if the care of the Police Dog would hinder the Persons Care.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 14 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Delaware School Safety And Security Fund.. Description: This act authorizes the application of funds from the Delaware School Safety and Security Fund, which is subject to available appropriations, for the retention of constables to be utilized by the LEAs.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Designating The Dryptosauridae The Official Dinosaur Of Delaware.. Description: This Act designates the Dryptosauridae as the official dinosaur of this State. Dryptosauridae bones have been found in the Chesapeake & Delaware Canal. The only other dinosaur bones that have been found in Delaware are those of a hadrosaurid, most likely Hadrosaurus foulkii, which New Jersey has already designated as its official state dinosaur.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend The Charter Of The Town Of Millville.. Description: This Act amends the Charter of the Town of Millville.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 11 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Department Of Correction.. Description: This Act provides that the Department of Correction must provide a copy of all policies relating to the accrual and forfeiture of good time to inmates, as well as a quarterly written accounting of good time credit earned and/or forfeited. The requirement that all accrued time must be forfeited upon conviction of any crime within custody, the complete forfeiture will apply only to commission of felonies. Forfeiture of good times for rule violations is changed to apply only to Class I disciplinary violations.
In 2022, Delaware enrolled a bill titled: An Act Proposing An Amendment To § 3, Article Ii Of The Delaware Constitution Relating To The Residency Of The Members Of The General Assembly.. Description: This Act is the first leg of an amendment to the Delaware Constitution that would require legislators to remain domiciled in the districts they represent for the entirety of their term of office. Subsection (b) of this Act does not apply to sitting legislators who desire to change their residence to within the newly established district lines in order to continue to represent their district in the upcoming election.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 And Title 30 Of The Delaware Code Related To Budget And Fiscal Regulations For State Agencies And Administrative Responsibilities Of The Department Of Finance.. Description: This Act is the Department of Finance's Annual "housekeeping" legislation. Specifically:
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 11 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Human Trafficking Interagency Coordinating Council.. Description: This Act renames the Human Trafficking Interagency Coordinating Council as the Delaware Anti-Trafficking Action Council (Council) for the purpose of providing a clearer description of the work that the Council performs. This Act also transfers the Council from under the authority of the Department of Health and Social Services (DHSS) to the Criminal Justice Council. DHSS's clerical staffing duty is removed.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 24 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Practice Of Pharmacy.. Description: All human laboratory testing is regulated under the Clinical Laboratory Improvement Amendments of 1988 (CLIA). CLIA-waived tests are simple laboratory examinations and procedures that have an insignificant risk of an erroneous result. Common CLIA-waived tests include Influenza, HIV, COVID-19, and lipid-panel tests. Amid COVID-19 pandemic, the need for immediate diagnostic services that are close to home became vital. This bill authorizes pharmacists to order and perform tests authorized by the FDA and CLIA-waived and provide treatment for such health conditions.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 21 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Vehicle Dealership Owners Licenses.. Description: This Act amends Title 21 to specify the requirements for an applicant to obtain or renew a motor vehicle dealer license and aligns the requirements with other state licensing requirements. The current law only requires the applicant to show they have and will comply with the laws of this state and other states. Due to the statutes current ambiguity the Division of Motor Vehicles is often asked to review an applicants criminal history prior to submission of a full application which makes it difficult for the Division to determine if the applicant qualifies for licensure.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend The Charter Of The City Of Milford.. Description: This Act amends the Charter of the City of Milford by allowing the City to adopt the assessments of real property conducted by Kent and Sussex County. Also, it states that if the value was obtained from either of the two counties, such information will be included in the public notice, and any objections as to the value of a property shall be taken to the county where the property is located.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Titles 24 And 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Professional Licensing.. Description: The Delaware Fair Chance Licensing Act provides that it is the policy of this State to allow entry to professions and occupations with licensing requirements for individuals with a criminal history to the maximum extent consistent with public safety. To that end, the bill identifies certain kinds of criminal history elements that should not be considered by licensing boards: charges that are not pending and did not lead to a conviction; juvenile records; records that have been expunged, sealed, or pardoned; and convictions that are more than 10 years old. An exception is allowed to the 10 year rule to preserve existing prohibitions involving sex offense convictions. The Act also identifies factors a licensing authorityshould consider in determining whether a criminal history record would prohibit licensure, or whether a waiver should be granted.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend The Charter Of The Town Of Frederica.. Description: This Act confers upon the Town Manager of the Town of Frederica the powers and authority conferred upon the Receiver of Taxes and County Treasurer for Kent County as set forth in Del.C. 87 specifically permitting the Town Manager to sell delinquent tax payer's real property through the monition process.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 21 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Indicating The Holder Is A Veteran On Driver Licenses And Nondriver Identification Cards.. Description: This Act would add designation that the holder is a veteran to the Delaware Driver License or Identification Card upon request. Adding designation that the holder is a veteran to a Driver License or Identification Card would eliminate the need for a veteran to carry a separate card or official discharge forms in order to prove their service.
In 2022, Delaware enrolled a bill titled: An Act Proposing An Amendment To Article Ii Of The Delaware Constitution Relating To Limitations On The Time And Frequency Of Legislative Sessions.. Description: This Act is the first leg of a constitutional amendment that would prohibit the regular session of the General Assembly from extending beyond 5:00 p.m. on the last day of June, unless the session is recalled by the Governor or the presiding officers of both Houses. This changes the time beyond which a regular session of the General Assembly may not extend from midnight on June 30 to 5:00 p.m., which changes the time at which the presiding officers of both Houses must act to recall the General Assembly into special session. This means the General Assembly no longer has to remain in session until midnight to recall itself into special session.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 9 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Property Tax Exemptions In New Castle County.. Description: This Act revises the property tax exemption process for New Castle County by updating the application process to reflect the current organization of New Castle County government and by doing all of the following:
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Titles 10, 13, 16 And 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Enforcement Of Family Court Custody Orders.. Description: In cases where the Family Court finds that there are sufficient grounds to order the removal of a child from their home and the Family Court orders custody of the child to the Division of Family Service (DFS), DFS often partners with law enforcement to enforce the order. There have been rare cases where a parent or legal guardian refuses to respond to DFS and law enforcements attempts to enforce the order to take custody of the child, resulting in uncertainty and a heightened concern for the childs safety. Currently, it is unclear under the Delaware Code whether law enforcement is authorized to enter private property to enforce a Family Court custody order, even after all other avenues and strategies have been exhausted by DFS and law enforcement.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 17 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Right Of Way Plans, Notification Of Property Disposal And Reporting Dates.. Description: This Act amends §137, Title 17 of the Delaware Code to allow for right of way acquisitions to commence upon the approval of final right of way plans on a parcel by parcel basis. This will improve project delivery by allowing acquisitions on finalized parcels to begin earlier. This Act also adds a requirement for notification to adjoining property owners when parcels with minimal independent utility are available for disposal. This Act amends the reporting date for properties being held for projects, properties deemed surplus, and for excess and unmarketable properties to be submitted by the end of the calendar year, which aligns it with other reporting requirements.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 11 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Custodial Interrogations.. Description: Citing the increasing number of false confessions recorded by the National Registry of Exonerations and recent science around adolescent brain development, several states across the nation have passed legislation to ban the use of deceptive interrogation techniques on juveniles. Deceptive tactics is limited to the knowing use of misleading statements about evidence or communications of false promises of leniency to extract a confession or other incriminating evidence from a youth suspected of breaking the law. To date, Delaware has yet to have a wrongful conviction case involving a false confession but according to groups such as the Innocence Project, wrongful convictions can often take decades to be revealed. Three other states, Illinois, Utah and Oregon, have passed similar legislation. Additional states, including Colorado and California, are currently considering similar legislation.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Land Use Planning.. Description: The states pre-application process for land use process, known as PLUS, was created 20 years ago and has served to increase coordination among state and local agencies. In doing so, it has fulfilled its intent of providing predictability and consistency for the development community, especially in the area of major projects. Given that success, this bill assists in expediting the process for economic development projects in the State of Delaware with some exemptions from the PLUS process. A project located in Investment Level 1 or 2 under the Strategies for State Policies and Spending that is consistent with local zoning and any local comprehensive plan that will create full-time jobs is exempt from the pre-application process unless required by the local government or requested by the applicant.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend The Charter Of The City Of Wilmington Relating To Residency.. Description: This Act amends Section 3-304 of the City of Wilmingtons Charter to allow the City of Wilmington to determine whether, and to what extent, its employees are required to be City residents. This Act does not affect residency requirements for City Council Members.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Titles 11, 16, 24, And 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Background Checks For Firearms Sale, Transfer, Or Concealed Carry Permit.. Description: Federal law permits states to require federal firearms licensees (FFLs) to conduct background checks through a state agency, or point of contact, instead of directly through the National Instant Criminal Background Check System (NICS).
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 16 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Lyme Disease Oversight Board.. Description: This bill makes needed changes to the Lyme Disease Oversight Board by adding 2 members including an infectious disease epidemiologist and a licensed veterinarian or entomology specialist.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 9 Of The Delaware Code Relating To County Taxes.. Description: This Act allows counties to use Realty Transfer Tax funds for recreational amenities and land preservation programs.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 4 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Alcoholic Liquors.. Description: House Bill 373, passed by the 151st General Assembly, clarified that persons 14 and 15 years of age can be employed in such places where alcoholic beverages are served, but cannot be involved in the sale or service of alcoholic beverages. Currently, the Department of Labor (DOL) has a robust process for youth (those not yet 18) to apply for a work permit. Youth may not work in the state unless they have a DOL-issued work permit which is required to be kept on file with the employer. The OABCC statute requires an additional work permit. Youth must obtain two, separate work permits after going through two separate processes to obtain one job. This legislation will streamline that process for our youth, requiring them to obtain just one work permit from the Department of Labor.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 11 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Offenses Relating To Children.. Description: All too often, persons who produce or transmit images of partially nude children cannot be prosecuted under our current statutes because our current statutes only criminalize images of a child engaging in a sexual act or if the child is nude. This bill seeks to remedy this problem by adding partial nudity to the definition of prohibited sexual act. By doing so, this bill criminalizes the photographing or filming of a partially nude child as well as the production, publication, transmission, selling, distribution, and dissemination of photographs or images of partially nude children if the child in such image or photograph is scantily clothed, posed provocatively, or otherwise posed with the obvious intent to arose, and such image of photograph is intended for the purpose of sexual stimulation or gratification of any individual who may view such image or photograph. Under this bill, such crime would be a class D felony punishable by up to an 8-year jail sentence.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 18 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Motor Vehicle Financial Protection Products.. Description: This Act adds a guaranteed asset protection waiver to the instruments that are exempt from insurance regulation.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 14 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Grow Your Own Educator Program.. Description: This Act creates a statewide Grow Your Own Educator Program to improve recruitment, retention, and diversity of educators in Delaware public schools. The Program establishes a competitive grant process to be administered by the Department of Education. Any Delaware reorganized school district or charter school can apply for a grant to establish its own unique Grow your Own Educator Program. Subject to funding grants will be awarded on a 2-year basis. Applicants must provide a detailed explanation how their proposed Program will be run, including any partnerships with institutions of higher education and whether the Program anticipates providing last dollar tuition and related educational financial assistance to candidates accepted into their Program who commit to teaching a minimum of 3 years, upon licensure, in the Applicants school district or charter school. Any awarded grant money must be used to initiate and run the Program. In evaluating applications that meet the Departments criteria, if funding is limited, the Department will give additional weight to Applicants that prioritize recruiting candidates from high-need schools, placing teacher candidates in high-need schools, develop programs that support teacher professionals, including bilingual candidates and those without bachelors degrees, and leverage apprenticeship and year-long teacher residency models. The Department will annually provide Program data to the Senate and House Education Committees including the number of grant applications, the number of grants awarded, names of districts and charter schools receiving grants, and retention rate for educator candidates hired by the district or charter school.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 21 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Special License Plates.. Description: This bill creates a special license plate for Whitetails Unlimited.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Titles 13 And 16 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Voluntary Acknowledgments Of Paterntiy.. Description: This Act prohibits minor parents from executing a voluntary acknowledgment of paternity.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 7 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Silviculture.. Description: This Act clarifies what constitutes a sawmill in the State of Delaware and adds definitions related to agriculture and silviculture. This Act recognizes forest products as unadulterated materials and makes clear their importance to support a thriving industry that maintains sustainable and healthy forests. This Act also makes technical corrections to conform existing law to the standards of the Delaware Legislative Drafting Manual.
In 2022, Delaware enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Amend Chapter 185, Volume 82 Of The Laws Of Delaware Relating To Reallocation Of Technology Personnel And Equipment From Executive Branch Agencies.. Description: This legislation is based on information technology (IT) recommendations of the Government Efficiency and Accountability Review (GEAR) Board established by Governor Carneys Executive Order Four. This act removes the sunset clause in 9016F (formerly 9016C) Chapter 90C of Title 29 of the Delaware Code and allows for the establishment of a shared IT services model for state agencies. The shared services model centralizes the following duties and related executive branch personnel under DTI: technology end user support, cyber security, network management, server management, data management, IT project management, software application development/support, IT procurement oversight, IT fiscal planning, IT standards, and technology governance.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 14 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Redding Consortium For Educational Equity.. Description: This bill extends the dates in which the recommendation and plan of the Redding Consortium for Educational Equity must be reviewed and acted upon by the State Board of Education. The extension is necessary due to delays mostly caused by the COVID pandemic.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Delaware Nursing Home Residents Quality Assurance Commission.. Description: This Act is part of the Joint Legislative Oversight and Sunset Committee's ("JLOSC") review of the Delaware Nursing Home Residents Quality Assurance Commission ("DNHRQAC") and the recommendations that JLOSC approved during its review. This Act specifies the matters that DNHRQAC must include in its annual report, and makes technical corrections to conform existing law to the standards of the Delaware Legislative Drafting Manual.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Relating To The Water Infrastructure Advisory Council.. Description: This Act is a result of the Joint Legislative Oversight and Sunset Committee's ("JLOSC") review of the Water Infrastructure Advisory Council ("WIAC"). This Act clarifies quorum, removes a prohibition against WIAC members voting when attending a meeting virtually, and authorizes WIAC to adopt procedural rules to carry out its functions. This Act also makes technical corrections to conform existing law to the standards of the Delaware Legislative Drafting Manual.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 11 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Offenses Against The Person.. Description: This bill changes the definition of and class of felony for the crime of Strangulation from a class C felony to a Class D felony unless additional factors are present, then the crime elevates to a class B felony, punishable from 2-25 years in jail. This bill also adds the crime of suffocation.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 14 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Educator Licensure And Certification.. Description: This Act provides an alternative means for an educator to demonstrate competency and achieve a standard certificate beyond simply passing a content exam, such as the Praxis II. For those who are within 2 standard errors of measurement of the passing score, a certificate will be issued if the applicant has either (i) a GPA of 3.5 or higher; or (ii) a GPA between 3.0 and 3.49 and demonstrated competency through micro-credentialing, successful completion of a residency, or passing scores on performance assessments. Special education, administrator, and specialist certifications are not available through this alternate measure.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 16 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Delaware Health Care Commission And State Of Delaware Health Care Spending And Quality Benchmarks.. Description: Delawares per capita health care spending consistently ranks in the top ten highest spending states and has historically outpaced economic growth in Delaware. Enhanced transparency and shared accountability for spending and quality targets have been used to accelerate changes in our health care delivery system, creating benefits for employers, state government and health care consumers. House Joint Resolution 7 of the 149th General Assembly and Executive Order Nineteen tasked the Delaware Department of Health and Social Services (DHSS) with the establishment of annual health care spending and quality benchmarks as a strategy to address the unsustainable growth in health care spending while also measuring aspects of health care quality. This Act serves to replace Executive Order Twenty-Five which established Delawares Spending and Quality Benchmark initiative in 2018. The codification of these benchmarks supports the continuation of Delawares Road to Value by improving the transparency of health care spending and quality, as well as providing attainable goals needed to achieve better health care, lower costs, and healthier communities.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 9 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Kent County Board Of Assessment Review.. Description: The Kent County Levy Court sets equal compensation for the members and chairpersons of all Kent County boards and commissions in the annual operating budget ordinance. Currently all members of the other boards and commissions are compensated at a rate of $150.00 per meeting attended. Chairpersons are compensated at a rate of $175.00 per meeting attended. This Act will allow the members and Chairperson of the Board of Assessment Review to receive the same compensation as those appointed to all other boards and commissions by the Kent County Levy Court.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Titles 10 And 11 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Expungement.. Description: This Act implements some of the recommendations of the African American Task Force's Safety and Justice Subcommittee. Specifically, it requires that cases or charges that are more than 7 years old be treated as resolved in favor of a child or adult if there is no disposition available for the case and no outstanding warrants. This clarification will prevent errors in record-keeping in the criminal justice system from stopping an otherwise qualified petitioner from obtaining an expungement that may otherwise be available. It will also require old cases for which no outcome is listed to be removed from a person's record if they are more than 7 years old.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 24 And Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Elevator Mechanics.. Description: Presently there is no licensure mechanism in place in Delaware for elevator mechanics. This Act creates a new chapter in Title 24 and establishes a regulatory State Board of Elevator Mechanics consisting of 5 members appointed by the Governor including 1 public member, 1 member representing the elevator industry,1 member primarily engaged in elevator repair or maintenance, 1 representing elevator inspection, consulting or engineering firms, and 1 representing a labor organization for elevator mechanics and apprentices. The Board has the responsibility of formulating rules and regulations consistent with the APA under Title 29. The Board, under its rules and regulations, will establish standards for licensure, as a master elevator mechanic and journeyman elevator mechanic and continuing education requirements. The Act sets forth grounds for discipline including suspension and revocation of a license. A finding that an individual has been found guilty of performing elevator mechanical work without a license, or under false pretense of being licensed, is a misdemeanor subject to monetary fines by the justice of the Peace court. There is a grandfather exception for individuals that have master electrical special elevator licenses at the time of enactment. The implementation date is the earlier of 6 months after enactment or when the Registrar of Regulations has been provided notice that rules and regulations have been promulgated.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend The Delaware Code Relating To Deadly Weapons.. Description: The Delaware Lethal Firearms Safety Act of 2022 prohibits the manufacture, sale, offer to sell, transfer, purchase, receipt, possession, or transport of assault weapons in Delaware, subject to certain exceptions. One exception is that the Act does not prohibit the possession and transport of firearms that were lawfully possessed or purchased before the effective date of this Act; although for these firearms there are certain restrictions relating to their possession and transport after the effective date of this Act. There are also exceptions for law-enforcement and military personnel in the course of their official duties, and a limited exception for retired law-enforcement personnel. Finally, a person lawfully in possession of an assault weapon prior to the passage of this Act may lawfully transfer the weapon to a member of their family, through inheritance or otherwise.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 11 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Firearms.. Description: This bill makes a person under the age of 21 prohibited from purchasing, owning, possessing, or controlling a firearm or ammunition of a firearm except under limited circumstances. Those circumstances are if the person is 18 years of age or older and an active member of the Armed Forces, a qualified law-enforcement officer, or has a license to carry a concealed deadly weapon. The Act does not apply to shotguns and shotgun ammunition, muzzle-loading rifles, and deadly weapons other than firearms, thus allowing those persons who are 18 to 21 years of age to purchase, own, control or possess such deadly weapons. Persons under the age of 21 may possess or control a firearm for the purpose of engaging in lawful hunting, instruction, sporting, or recreational activity while under the direct supervision of a person 21 year of age or older. This bill also makes changes to § 1445 of Title 11Unlawfully dealing with a dangerous weapon to be consistent with the changes made to § 1448 of Title 11. In addition, the bill only criminalizes the control of a weapon which by compressed air or by spring discharges or projects a pellet, slug, or bullet by a person who is not a qualified law enforcement officer if such pellet, slug, or bullet is larger than .177 caliber shot.
In 2022, Delaware enrolled a bill titled: An Act Proposing Amendments To The Delaware Constitution Relating To Technical Corrections.. Description: This Act is the first leg of an amendment to the Delaware Constitution to make necessary technical corrections identified by the General Assembly's Division of Research. Specifically, these technical corrections consist of the following:
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The General Assembly.. Description: This Act makes necessary updates to Delaware Code provisions codifying procedures related to the General Assembly to bring these provisions into compliance with current practice and to make technical corrections to conform existing law to the standards of the Delaware Legislative Drafting Manual.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 14 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Eligibility For Special Education And Related Services.. Description: This Act revises the Code to be consistent with federal law. The Individuals with Disabilities in Education Act (IDEA) requires states to make a free appropriate public education (FAPE) available to all children with disabilities between the ages of 3 and 21, inclusive. 20 U.S.C. § 1412(a)(1)(A). The term inclusive requires states to extend eligibility until a students 22nd birthday. The IDEA allows states to limit the age of eligibility for FAPE to students between the ages of 18 through 21 only to the extent state law, practice, or court order limits the provision of public education to all children within those age ranges. 20 U.S.C. § 1412(a)(1)(B). In Delaware, state law and practice provide public education to adults without age limitation. Delaware is one of the few states that has developed a public adult high school, the James H. Groves Adult High School, accommodating those needing an alternative to a regular day-school program. As such, federal law requires Delaware to extend eligibility for children with disabilities through their 22nd birthday. Current statute and regulation extend eligibility to the end of the school year in which a child with a disability turns 21, this Act proposes to keep the established exit point to minimize service interruptions and only change the age from the end of the school year in which a child turns 21 to the end of the school year in which a child turns 22.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Titles 24, 10, 11, And 18 Relating To The Womens Reproductive Health.. Description: Section 1 and 2. These sections defines reproductive health services for the Board of Medical Practice, the Board of Nursing, and Regulatory Council for Physician Assistants, and makes clear that physicians, physician assistants and nurses who perform, recommend, or provide reproductive health services, if such services are lawful in this State, do not engage in unprofessional conduct and cannot be disciplined for such services even if such services are illegal or considered to be unprofessional conduct or the unauthorized practice of medicine or nursing in another state. This section also authorizes the following to terminate pregnancy before viability: (1) A physician assistant with a collaborative agreement with an appropriately training physician; and (2) A certified nurse midwife or certified nurse practitioner who demonstrates knowledge and competency, including successful completion of a training or certification approved by the Board of Nursing.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend The Charter Of The City Of Dover.. Description: This Act amends the Charter of the City of Dover, including by doing the following:
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 14 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Delaware Interscholastic Athletic Association.. Description: This Act is a result of the Joint Legislative Oversight and Sunset Committee's ("JLOSC") review of the Delaware Interscholastic Athletic Association ("DIAA"). As part of JLOSC's review of DIAA, JLOSC recommended the following updates to the DIAA statute, which this Act fulfills:
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend The Charter Of The Town Of Ellendale.. Description: This Act amends the Charter of the Town of Ellendale in the following ways:
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 10 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Court Reporters.. Description: This Act modifies Superior Courts statute pertaining to creation of the Courts record. Previously, the statute only contemplated stenographic recording of court proceedings. Technology has advanced which permits the Court to utilize other methods, in addition to stenographers, to create the courts record.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 16 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Abuse Of Children.. Description: This Act permits multidisciplinary team members to share information freely amongst themselves to better protect the welfare of abused children in the State of Delaware. This Act also establishes a framework for parties in Family Court civil proceedings to have access to records created and maintained by a child advocacy center related to forensic interviews it conducts such that the Family Court can utilize those records to avoid retraumatizing children by having to interview them again as part of court proceedings.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 4 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Alcoholic Liquors.. Description: This Act allows both of the following:
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 21 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Use Of Flashing Lights.. Description: This bill allows for flashing lights to be placed upon trailers used by law enforcement for speed control purposes.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 3 And Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Control Of Disease.. Description: The Department of Agriculture recently responded to an outbreak of highly pathogenic avian influenza impacting Delaware poultry farms in coordination with agencies and officials from Delaware, Maryland, and USDA APHIS, as well as individual farmers and independent contractors. In connection with that response, the Department received or drafted certain information regarding persons, animals, land, and emergency response plans that should be confidential. This Act will help to protect the safety and security of individuals, agricultural operations, and animals and avoid any vulnerabilities that disclosure poses on the control and eradication of disease among animal species. This Act also revises Title 29 to identify information regarding the control of disease as defined in § 106 of Title 3 as not being a public record under the Freedom of Information Act.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 9 Of The Delaware Code Relating To New Castle County Bidding Thresholds.. Description: This Act raises the public bidding thresholds for procurement of goods, contractual services, professional services, and public works contracts by the government of New Castle County to match the bidding thresholds established by the States Contracting and Purchasing Advisory Council.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Titles 10, 18, And 24 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Constables.. Description: Under current Chapter 27 of Title 10 the Board of Examiners of Constables is charged with appointing constables and certifying their commissions as well as monitoring their training and in-service. Currently, there is no member on the Board who acts as a representative for constables.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: A Bond And Capital Improvements Act Of The State Of Delaware And Certain Of Its Authorities For The Fiscal Year Ending June 30, 2023; Authorizing The Issuance Of General Obligation Bonds Of The State; Appropriating Funds From The Transportation Trust Fund; Authorizing The Issuance Of Revenue Bonds Of The Delaware Transportation Authority; Appropriating Special Funds Of The Delaware Transportation Authority; Appropriating General Funds Of The State; Reprogramming Certain Funds Of The State; Specifying Certain Procedures, Conditions And Limitations For The Expenditure Of Such Funds; And Amending Certain Statutory Provisions.. Description: This Bill is the Fiscal Year 2023 Bond and Capital Improvements Act.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 11 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Gold Alert Program.. Description: This Act requires all law-enforcement agencies to remove all Gold Alert notifications of missing persons from all social media and all websites within 72 hours of being notified that the missing person has been located.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Employment Of Pensioners.. Description: This bill increases the annual earnings limit for pensioners in the State Employees Pension Plan who return to work in a non-pension creditable position to $40,000 for earnings received beginning in calendar year 2021.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 21 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Parking.. Description: This Act increases the civil penalty for violating the parking regulations in § 4180 from not less than $10 nor more than $25 to not less than $100 nor more than $500. This Act also increases the minimum fine for violating the requirements of Chapter 41 relating to size or weight of a vehicle or a combination of vehicles or restrictions regarding parking in residence districts from not less than $28.75 nor more than $230 for a first offense to not less than $100 and not more than $500 for a first offense. For a subsequent offense the penalty is increased from to not less than $115 nor more than $575 to not less than $400 and not more than $2,000.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Titles 14, 16, 29, And 30 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Financial Assistance For Education.. Description: This Act amends the Delaware Code relating to financial assistance for education in order to promote and support the states high demand career fields and reduce student debt for Delaware residents. The Act clarifies the Delaware Higher Education Offices role in administering programs. Professional incentive scholarship loan programs will generally be replaced with the career-based scholarship program and the educator support scholarship and mental health services scholarship programs will be established. In addition, a loan repayment program is created for speech-language pathology and mental health professions to attract and retain these professionals in Delaware schools. Career-based and educator support scholarships will be made to Delaware students who intend to pursue careers in specific fields identified as areas of need in Delaware. Academic scholarships will be awarded to Delaware students in memory of elected officials and other distinguished citizens. Need-based scholarships will be awarded to Delaware students so that they will not be denied the opportunity of an education because of financial need.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 14 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Delaware Higher Education Office And Approval Of Postsecondary Institutions.. Description: This Act will amend the Delaware Code relating to the powers of the Delaware Higher Education Office and the state authorization of private postsecondary institutions. The intent of the Act is to increase consumer protections for students enrolled in private postsecondary institutions as it relates to student loans, distance education, and predatory practices. The Act will also clarify the current functions of the Delaware Higher Education Office relating to student support for transitions into postsecondary education and execution of state financial aid programs through the elimination of functions that are no longer under the purview of the Delaware Higher Education Office. This Act establishes responsibilities for certain postsecondary institutions, private schools, and trade schools prior to ceasing operation.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 21 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Use Of Electronic Traffic Monitoring For Vehicle Obstructions System.. Description: Delawares Motor Vehicle Statutes contemplate for vehicle obstructing traffic enforcement by law enforcement agencies. It is not always possible for law enforcement officers to enforce the right-of-way regulations in areas effectively due to a number of considerations, including officer availability and safety. This bill would enable the state and municipal authorities to enforce right-of-way regulations in identified areas more effectively. This bill only imposes civil penalties for violations and does not impose points on an individuals drivers license.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 19 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Family And Medical Leave Insurance Program.. Description: This Act, the Healthy Delaware Families Act, creates a statewide paid family and medical leave insurance program. Delaware employees can access up to 12 weeks of paid family and medical leave through the State's paid leave trust fund for a qualifying event, including for the following:
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Titles 6, 26, And 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Community Owned Energy Generating Facilities And Renewable Energy.. Description: In order to lower the cost of energy and accelerate the adoption of community-based solar photovoltaic systems in the State, this bill eliminates current barriers to such systems and sets up a regulatory process to be implemented by the Public Service Commission with consumer protection provided by the Department of Justice. More specifically, this bill:
In 2021, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 11 And Title 24 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Deadly Weapons.. Description: This Substitute amends Senate Bill No. 3 by doing the following:
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 14 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Evidence-based Reading Curricula.. Description: Like Senate Bill No. 4, Senate Substitute No. 1 for Senate Bill No. 4 requires the Department of Education (Department) to maintain and publish a list of evidence-based, reading instruction curricula for grades kindergarten through 3. Each curriculum on this list must align with the essential components of literacy, known as the science of reading and use high-quality instructional materials. School districts and charter schools must provide an annual report to the Department regarding the implementation of these requirements and the Department must produce an annual report summarizing this information. The information required in the Departments report may be consolidated into a single report with the requirements under § 158 of Title 14, if House Bill No. 304 is also enacted this year.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 15 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Registration Of Voters.. Description: This Act creates an automatic voter registration system at the Delaware Division of Motor Vehicles (DMV) and grants the State Election Commissioner the authority to implement automatic voter registration at other state agencies that already offer voter registration services under existing law.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 11 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Deadly Weapons.. Description: This Substitute Act creates the Delaware Large-Capacity Magazine Prohibition Act of 2022, which does the following:
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 11 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Bail.. Description: This substitute bill incorporates the provisions of Senate Amendment 2 to the original bill, including reiterating in the Whereas statements the existing law that requires persons arrested for a violent felony while out on bail awaiting trial for a previous violent felony to be held without bail. It also updates the language regarding the courts' obligation to review bail to reflect current practice and requires reporting on such cases and racial impact by the Criminal Justice Council in its annual report. Finally, it provides a sunset provision so that the bill expires when the constitutional amendment regarding bail is enacted.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 11 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Destructive Weapons.. Description: This Act defines machine gun as it is defined under federal law. Defining machine gun makes clear the types of weapons prohibited under Delaware law, including an auto sear, or glock switch, which transforms a semiautomatic gun into a machine gun.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 9, Title 16, Title 25, And Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Manufactured Home Communities.. Description: Senate Bill No. 9 establishes new formulas that a community owner is allowed use to increase rent in a manufactured home community. Senate Substitute No. 1 to SB 9 makes discrete changes to the provisions of SB 9, most of which clarify language or correct outdated references or technical errors. The 2 substantive changes expand eligibility for the lot rental assistance programs. The specific differences between this Act and SB 9 are noted below in the details of each Section of this Act.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 9 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Stormwater Management Districts In New Castle County.. Description: This Act provides for the establishment of stormwater maintenance districts in New Castle County and for the collection and use of stormwater maintenance fees to help pay for maintenance in the districts. This Act is modeled on Chapter 52 of Title 9 that has allowed Kent County to create stormwater maintenance districts and differs only in format for clarity and to conform to the standards of the Delaware Legislative Drafting Manual.
In 2022, Delaware enrolled a bill titled: An Act Proposing An Amendment To Article I, § 12 Of The Delaware Constitution Relating To Criminal Procedures.. Description: This Act is the first leg of a constitutional amendment that will modernize the bail provisions within the Delaware Constitution and clarify the power of the General Assembly to define either certain offenses for which, or circumstances under which, pretrial release on bail may not be available.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 14 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Education And The Delaware Student Excellence Equals Degree Act.. Description: The purpose of this act is to open up The Delaware Student Excellence Equals Degree Act (SEED Act) to adult Delaware residents, who are not recent high school graduates. Currently, about 56% of Delawareans age 25-64 lack a post-secondary degree. This expansion of the SEED grant program will encourage adult learners to return to school to enhance their knowledge and skills and increase their job opportunities. Adult individuals with a high school diploma or less education were significantly impacted by Covid-19-related job loss. This legislation can help to mitigate the effects of the pandemic on those adults. Tennessee has instituted a similar program called the Tennessee Reconnect Act.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 14 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Education.. Description: This Act creates a Ban the Box policy for postsecondary institutions in the state. Ban the Box or Beyond the Box policies refer to the removal of questions about ones criminal conviction history on a college or job application. Research shows that questions about criminal conviction history deter individuals from applying to an institution and increase the likelihood of rejection, with a disproportionate effect on people of color.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The State Employees' Pension Plan.. Description: This bill provides a mechanism to grant pension increases to retired State Employees, retired Judges, and retired New State police. This bill dedicates a minimum of 2.33% of payroll to be deposited annually to the Post Retirement Fund. This bill also provides for a pension increase as determined by the Board of Pension Trustees.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 6 And Title 21 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Parking.. Description: This Act clarifies that a person with a special license plate or permit for persons with disabilities may park for an unlimited period where the length of time is otherwise limited and must be able to park in a metered parking space for at least 1 hour. This Act clarifies that it is a violation of the state equal accommodations law to prohibit parking as authorized for a person with a special license plate or permit for persons with disabilities.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Electric Vehicle Charging.. Description: This Act amends the Delaware Energy Act to encourage the adoption of electric vehicles in the State by creating more accessible electric vehicle charging infrastructure.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 3 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Invasive Plants.. Description: This Act prohibits the import, export, sale, transport, distribution, or propagation of any plant identified by the Secretary of the Department of Agriculture, with the advice of the Delaware Native Species Commission, as an invasive plant. This Act also requires that plants identified as potentially invasive be sold with a tag that identifies the plant as potentially invasive. A violation of this Act may result in a civil penalty of $50 to $500, but only after the person has had the opportunity for an administrative hearing and the opportunity to come into compliance with this Act.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 21 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Special License Plates.. Description: This Act creates a special license plate for those citizens who wish to support pollinator habitat creation and conservation. This Act requires a greater-than-majority vote for passage because Article VIII, § 11 of the Delaware Constitution requires the affirmative vote of 3/5 of the members elected to each house of the General Assembly when a new tax or license fee is imposed.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 16 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Delaware Litter Control Law.. Description: The intent of this Act is to reduce the amount of waste that ends up in the environment and to raise awareness of the need to properly dispose of balloons. To that end, this Act imposes a civil penalty for the violation of intentionally releasing 5 or more balloons filled with air or lighter-than-air gases, to prevent litter which blights our communities and environment and causes harm to wildlife and marine animals. The release of multiple balloons at 1 time is a single offense under this Act. This Act also establishes that intentionally releasing 1 to 4 balloons at 1 time is littering.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 24 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Insurance Coverage And Reimbursement For Services Provided By A Chiropractor.. Description: Chiropractic care is a drugless system of health care. It is uniquely positioned as a treatment for back pain and chronic headaches, which a peer-reviewed medical journal has indicated are alarming drivers of opioid-related deaths. Other peer-reviewed studies have indicated that chiropractic physician care reduces opioid usage rates, costs significantly less than the opioid treatment path, and contributes to preventing addiction and overdose death. In Delaware, back problems are a top-three cost driver and are among the most common conditions resulting in disability and lost productivity. This Act helps to address these issues in Delaware and improves access for Delawareans seeking opioid-free treatment by ensuring chiropractors are reimbursed at least at the level of Medicare and not at historically persistent lower rates.
In 2022, Delaware enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 14 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Livestreaming Board Meetings Of The University Of Delaware, Delaware State University, And Delaware Technical And Community College.. Description: This Act requires that meetings of the Board of Trustees for the University of Delaware, Delaware State University, and Delaware Technical and Community College must be livestreamed using technology that permits the public to hear all participants contemporaneously. This Act also requires that recordings of the livestreamed meetings must be maintained on a public website.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 21 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Accident Statistics And Reports.. Description: This Act represents the consensus agreement among the Department of Safety and Homeland Security, the Department of Transportation, and stakeholders to provide the public with access to de-identified accident data. Access to the crash history of intersections will enable the public to weigh in on development discussions and roadway projects. This Act also clarifies when accident reports may be released and the purposes for which accident reports can be used.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The State Lottery Fund.. Description: This Act enhances 2 existing agricultural horse racing programs, the Delaware Standardbred Breeder's Program and the Delaware Certified Thoroughbred program, by providing additional funding. Under this Act, horsemen provide half of the additional funds from purse money and the State provides half of the additional funds with matching funds.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend The Laws Of Delaware Relating To The Bond And Capital Improvements Act Of The State Of Delaware And Certain Of Its Authorities For The Fiscal Year Ending June 30, 2021.. Description: This Act amends the Fiscal Year 2021 Bond and Capital Improvements Act to (1) authorize a portion of funding previously allocated to the Kalmar Nyckel Foundation to be used for unrestricted operations; (2) authorize additional reimbursements from the Community Transportation Fund; (3) authorize the Secretary of State to rapidly complete restoration and maintenance projects and sell, transfer or acquire historic buildings and sites; (4) authorize New Castle County Vocational Technical School District to transfer non-obligated funds from Howard High School/1927 Building to St. Georges Technical High School and Delcastle Technical High School; (5) authorize funding previously allocated to the Peoples Settlement Association to be used for additional repairs; (6) authorize funding from the Transportation Infrastructure Investment Fund to be used for improvements at the Daniel S. Frawley Stadium; (7) authorize prior year contingency funding to ensure timely completion of a system for the Registrar of Regulations; (8) authorize the Department of Transportation to transfer funding for storm related repairs; (9) authorize the Department of Transportation to use Community Transportation Funds to maintain roads in the Knollac Acres community; and (10) authorize prior year contingency funding for the Rose Hill Community Center renovations project.
In 2021, Delaware enrolled a bill titled: An Act Concurring In A Proposed Amendment To Article I Of The Delaware Constitution Relating To Equal Rights.. Description: This Act is the second leg of a constitutional amendment to add race, color, and national origin to § 21 of Article I of the Delaware Constitution to explicitly declare that protection against discrimination based on race, color, and national origin is one of Delaware's fundamental rights. The first leg of this constitutional amendment was Senate Bill 191 of the 150th General Assembly, published in Chapter 287 of Volume 82 of the Laws of Delaware. On passage of this second leg by this General Assembly this amendment will become part of the Delaware Constitution.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend The Delaware Code Relating To Discrimination.. Description: A 2019 study found the following:
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 26 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Renewable Energy Portfolio Standards.. Description: This Act modifies the Renewable Energy Portfolio Standards Act to do the following:
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 11 And Title 19 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Labor.. Description: Like Senate Bill No. 35, this Act defines specific violations of wage payment and collection laws under Chapter 11 of Title 19 as wage theft, providing specific penalties for these violations, and creates a new criminal offense of wage theft, with a mechanism for the Department of Labor to refer completed investigations to the Department of Justice for prosecution. Clearly defining wage theft protects Delaware workers and Delaware taxpayers from employers who pay their employees under the table because this practice results in lost tax revenue to this State and exposes employees to personal risk in the areas of unemployment compensation and workplace injuries. The civil penalties collected for violations that are wage theft must be used for the enforcement of wage payment and collection laws under Chapter 11 of Title 19 and prosecution of the offense of wage theft under § 841D of Title 11.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 18 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Captive Insurance Companies.. Description: Section 1 of this Act revises the following definitions:
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 18 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Viatical Settlements.. Description: This Act amends the Delaware Viatical Settlements Act by permanently removing the bond requirements for viatical settlement brokers and updating a reference to "life settlement brokers" by replacing it with "viatical settlement brokers".
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 11 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Expungement Of Records Of Adult Arrest And Conviction.. Description: In 2019, the 150th General Assembly enacted Senate Substitute No. 1 for Senate Bill No. 37, which reformed the adult expungement process in this State. After a year of implementing this new expungement process, Senate Bill No. 38 was introduced to make changes to clarify language or increase the efficiency of the process.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 11 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Probation Before Judgment.. Description: This bill clarifies that Probation Before Judgment (PBJ) may be entered for multiple charges arising from a single arrest. Changes to the legislation also allow for a defendant to be permitted Probation Before Judgment more than once in a five year period so long as offenses are in different titles of the Code. For example, a defendant who was granted PBJ in 2017 for speeding (title 21) would be eligible for PBJ on a title 11 charge (e.g. bad check) or title 4 (e.g. underage consumption of alcohol) in 2019.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 21 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Requirement Of Insurance For All Motor Vehicles.. Description: This bill allows the Court to suspend an amount of the fine for uninsured driving if the defendant provides evidence that they have now secured insurance, demonstrating compliance with the law.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend The Charter Of The Town Of Georgetown Relating To Elections.. Description: This Act amends the Charter of the Town of Georgetown to more closely align with State municipal election requirements. This Act also adjusts the timing for the filing of Statements of Candidacy to be reflective of and in alignment with other timelines. This Act modernizes notice requirements to utilize the Town website, which will provide broader notice to the public. This Act also amends the procedure for handling an election resulting in a tie vote; a tie vote will be resolved by special election, rather than a decision by the Board of Elections, to promote a democratic resolution.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 14 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Educator Evaluation System.. Description: This Act suspends the educator evaluation system during the 2020-2021 school year and replaces it with an observation and feedback cycle that provides educators with coaching and support related to hybrid and remote learning practices. This Act provides for all of the following during the observation and feedback cycle:
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 16 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Drug Overdose Fatality Review Commission.. Description: This Act allows the Drug Overdose Fatality Review Commission ("Commission") to review all deaths related to a drug overdose, regardless of the type of drug implicated in the overdose death. This change will allow the Commission to obtain and review all medical records, including substance abuse and mental health records, when there is a death related to a drug overdose. This approach will allow the Commission to monitor the evolving nature of societal drug use over time and make recommendations that are proactive in reducing the harm from emerging trends.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 21 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Special License Plates.. Description: This Act creates a special license plate for members of the nonprofit organization, atTAcK addiction. This Act requires a greater-than-majority vote for passage because Article VIII, § 11 of the Delaware Constitution requires the affirmative vote of 3/5 of the members elected to each house of the General Assembly when a new tax or license fee is imposed.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 4 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Alcoholic Liquors.. Description: This Act permits wedding venues and persons renting a premises for other social gatherings to allow customers to bring alcoholic beverages onto the premises, if licensed by the Commissioner as a bottle club.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 21 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Discarding Yard Waste On A Highway.. Description: This Act clarifies that yard waste is included in the types of trash and litter that it is illegal to discard on a highway. This Act also defines yard waste.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 24 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Disciplinary Sanctions By. Description: This Act increases the penalty for violations of the Board of Electrical Examiners licensing regulations in situations involving fraud and material deception, or where a person has performed electrical work in a category for which the practitioner is not licensed.
In 2021, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 16 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Membership Of The Primary Care Reform Collaborative.. Description: This Act revises the appointment process for members of the Primary Care Reform Collaborative who are not members by virtue of position. Under this Act, these members are appointed by a government official to comply with the requirements of the Delaware Constitution. This Substitute differs from SB 59 by designating the President Pro Tempore of the Senate as the appointing authority for a self-insured employer, per the request by the Delaware Department of Insurance not to serve in that role.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 24 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Disciplinary Sanctions By. Description: This Act increases the monetary penalties for sanctions by the Board of Plumbing, Heating, Ventilation, Air Conditioning, and Refrigeration Examiners.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 14 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Sussex County Vocational-technical High School District.. Description: Senate Bill No. 52 revises Chapter 26 of Title 14, regarding the Sussex County Vocational-Technical High School District (District). Senate Substitute No. 1 for Senate Bill No. 52 differs from Senate Bill No. 52 because it does not change the preferences for student admissions or the eligibility standards for accepted students. Like Senate Bill No. 52, Senate Substitute No. 1 for Senate Bill No. 52 does all of the following:
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Delaware Voluntary Clean Energy Financing Program Based On Property Assessments (d-pace) Or Other Local Assessment Statute.. Description: This bill makes certain technical amendments to the Delaware Voluntary Clean Energy Financing Program Based on Property Assessments (D-PACE) Act. The amendments are based upon comments received from New Castle County and the lending community. The bill clarifies the interplay between the Act and existing tax and foreclosure sale statutes and that the lien for the energy improvements will remain with the property following a tax monition sale and mortgage foreclosure. It also clarifies the authority of the Sustainable Energy Utility and third party capital providers to enforce the lien for delinquent assessments for clean energy improvements.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 16 Of The Delaware Code Relating To School Access To Epinephrine Autoinjectors.. Description: This Act creates emergency access to epinephrine that allows an institution of higher education to acquire and stock a supply of epinephrine autoinjectors if an employee or agent has completed a training program. This Act allows the individual who has completed the training program to provide an epinephrine autoinjector to someone experiencing anaphylaxis for immediate self-administration or administer an epinephrine autoinjector to someone experiencing anaphylaxis. Before an individual administers an epinephrine autoinjector under this Act, the individual must notify EMS immediately, and after administration, must report the administration to the prescribing health-care provider.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend The Delaware Code Relating To Educational Opportunity Funding.. Description: This Act codifies the Opportunity Fund, an additional source of educational funding for Delaware public schools intended to support the increased needs of low income and English learner students, and establishes the parameters for how the funding is to be distributed to school districts and charter schools.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend The Charter Of The Town Of Wyoming.. Description: This Act amends the Charter of the Town of Wyoming (Charter) to clarify the authority of the Town in certain areas and to improve the operations of the Town. Specifically, in this Act:
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 16 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Medical Marijuana.. Description: This Act allows nurse practitioners and physician assistants to recommend medical marijuana for adult patients.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 3 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Related Uses Of Farm Structures In An Agricultural Preservation District.. Description: The Agricultural Lands Preservation Act allows existing farm structures that are no longer in use, but which existed when the farmland was placed in the preservation program, to be converted to use for public gatherings under specific limitations. Experience has shown that these existing limitations do not adequately allow for renovation and modernization of these farm structures to accommodate the public gathering uses. This Act provides flexibility so a farm owner may upgrade the otherwise unused farm structures, while continuing to provide protection regarding agricultural activities conducted on the farmland.
In 2021, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 16 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Firefighting.. Description: This Act limits the use of certain Class B firefighting foams (Class B foams) in Delaware. Class B foams are used to put out fires caused by flammable liquids like gasoline, oil, and jet fuel, and can be divided into 2 categories: those with PFAS chemicals and those without.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 21 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Removal Of Ice And Snow From Vehicles.. Description: This Act requires that accumulated snow and ice be removed from surfaces of a vehicle before it is operated and imposes a civil penalty for a violation. This Act also creates a civil penalty for each instance where snow or ice dislodges from a moving vehicle and causes property damage or physical injury but this penalty is not an exclusive remedy for property damage or physical injury.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 19 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Focus On Alternative Skills Training Program.. Description: Senate Bill No. 65 establishes the Focus on Alternative Skills Training Program ("FAST"). FAST will provide tuition assistance, to Delaware residents who have obtained a high school diploma, Diploma of Alternate Achievement Standards, or a Delaware secondary credential, which includes earning a GED, and have enrolled in an approved non-degree credit certificate program. The Workforce Development Board will create a list of non-degree credit certificate programs approved for the FAST program.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 21 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Revoked License Or Driving Privileges Fees.. Description: This Act exempts an individual from having to pay the revoked license or driving privileges reinstatement fee if the individual is eligible for and applies for reinstatement of the individuals license or driving privileges within 1 year of their release from Department of Correction Level V supervision. The purpose of this Act is to limit financial barriers that may impede an individual from successfully reintegrating into the community after that individual has served their time. The ability to legally drive is imperative for an individual to secure and maintain employment, access educational opportunities, and foster family and community connection that may lower recidivism. Additionally, if an individual was incarcerated, the individual likely could not renew their license or driving privileges before the license or privilege lapsed. This Act makes it easier for an individual reintegrating to restore their license or driving privileges.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Jurisdiction Over Offenses Relating To The State Gambling Exclusion Lists.. Description: This Act removes the exclusive jurisdiction of the Superior Court for offenses under § 4836 of this Title on the basis of the voluntary and involuntary exclusion lists. This would allow the Court of Common Pleas to hold jurisdiction over these offenses as these are class A misdemeanor offenses.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Employees Of The Department Of Correction.. Description: This Act expands eligibility for the Department of Correction's Education Assistance Fund beyond correctional officers to employees who hold a position at paygrade 15 or below and meet the other existing requirements.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Chapter 268, Title 82 Of The Laws Of Delaware Relating To Death Certificates.. Description: Under House Bill No. 354, which was enacted by the 150th General Assembly, death certificates may be electronically filed with the Delaware Vital Events Registration System until March 30, 2021. This Act removes the sunset provision, so that death certificates may continue to be electronically filed.
In 2021, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Senate Resolution Condemning Anti-asian And Pacific Islander Violence And Xenophobic Rhetoric.. Description: This Senate Resolution condemns anti-Asian and Pacific Islander violence and xenophobic rhetoric.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 6 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Equal Accommodations.. Description: This Act clarifies that discrimination against any person because of religion is illegal under Chapter 45 of Title 6, the Delaware Equal Accommodations Act. Religion and religious beliefs were always intended to be protected under the Delaware Equal Accommodations Act through the word "creed" and this Act codifies that understanding, consistent with the Superior Courts decision in Boscovs Dept Store v. Jackson, 2007 Del. Super. LEXIS 37. This Act adds the term religion to the list of prohibited bases for discrimination and defines religion to include all aspects of religious observance and practice, not just belief.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 24 Of The Delaware Code Relating To License To Practice Dentistry.. Description: This Act permits an individual to practice dentistry for the Division of Public Health (Division) under a provisional license. Delaware law provides several routes for entering practice on an interim basis until full licensure can be obtained, however, none of these routes specifically permit hiring by the Division with the intent to practice in a state-supported dental clinic. This Act will assist the Division in recruiting dentists to serve those in need.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 18 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Special Funds.. Description: This Act relates to the police and fire pension fund provisions of Chapter 7, Title 18 of the Delaware Code. The Act clarifies that an eligible retiree must be alive on July 1 of each biennial payout year in order to receive the payment provided for in Section 708 of Chapter 7.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 16 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Fentanyl Testing Strips.. Description: This Act authorizes the distribution of testing strips to determine the presence of fentanyl or fentanyl-related substances. Fentanyl testing strips could be distributed to the community along with opioid overdose reversal medication as a harm reduction strategy in the opioid addiction crisis. A number of states have authorized fentanyl testing strips distribution in recent years including Maryland, Rhode Island, the District of Columbia, and North Carolina. Twenty-seven states currently provide fentanyl testing strips through needle exchange programs.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 16 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Community-based Naloxone Access Program.. Description: This Act clarifies that a lay individual who administers naloxone under the Community-Based Naloxone Access Program is protected from civil liability for rendering emergency care under § 6801 of Title 16, the general Good Samaritan law.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 14 And Title 31 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Qualifications For Members Of School Boards And The State Board Of Education.. Description: Senate Bill No. 78 enhances the qualifications for an individual to serve as a member of a school board or the State Board of Education.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 18 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Property Insurance Policies.. Description: This bill establishes the timeframe within which a property insurer must give prior written notice of its intent to cancel a policy.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 18 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Assignability Of Insurance Contracts.. Description: This Act adds a provision addressing the assignability of rights under property insurance policies and authorizes a property insurance carrier to limit a policys assignability only to those persons or entities that have the legal authority to represent an insured.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 18 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Insurance Rate Filings.. Description: This bill allows for deviations from rating organization filings to be effective continuously until terminated with the approval of the Commissioner or subsequently modified. This change conforms the law to current practice.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 14 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Public School Registration.. Description: This Act is a substitute for Senate Bill No. 82. Like Senate Bill 82, this Substitute does all of the following:
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 16 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Abuse, Neglect, Mistreatment, Financial Exploitation, Or Medication Diversion Of Residents Or Patients.. Description: This Act elevates medication diversion out of the definition of abuse for the sake of clarity and is not intended to change existing reporting obligations for facilities under Subchapter III of Chapter 11 of Title 16 of the Delaware Code (Subchapter III). This Act ensures reporting requirements are triggered for facilities and hospitals covered by Subchapter III if medication diversion occurs in the facilities or hospitals. Reporting is essential to the Department of Justices ability to prosecute and recommend treatment, when appropriate, for the person committing medication diversion. Finally, this Act makes technical corrections to conform existing law to the standards of the Delaware Legislative Drafting Manual, including standardizing the order of words in the phrase abuse, neglect, mistreatment, financial exploitation, or medication diversion to ensure consistency.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 12 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Public Guardian.. Description: This bill allows the Public Guardian to collect fees for services in accordance with standards to be established by the Guardianship Commission and approved by the Court of Chancery.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 14 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Delaware Advisory Council On Career And Technical Education.. Description: This Act is a result of the Joint Legislative Oversight and Sunset Committees (JLOSC) 2019 review of the Delaware Advisory Council on Career and Technical Education (DACCTE), and adds a requirement to DACCTEs annual report to provide students and families access to information regarding educational, employment, and training opportunities.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 16 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Anatomical Gifts And The Delaware Health Information Database.. Description: This Act requires the Delaware Health Information Network (DHIN) to provide the Gift of Life program  the States approved organ procurement organization, or OPO  with access to data on potential anatomical donors when the data is needed to determine the suitability for organ, tissue and eye donation for any purpose identified in Delawares Uniform Anatomical Gift Act.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 16 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Delaware Health Information Network And The Protection And Use Of Information.. Description: This Act is the result of the 2019 report of the Joint Legislative Oversight and Sunset Committees task force under Senate Resolution No. 9 of the 150th General Assembly, which recommended permitting the Delaware Health Information Network (DHIN) to use clinical healthcare data in its possession for appropriate analytic and public health purposes.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 21 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Traffic Control Devices For Size And Weight Of Vehicles And Loads.. Description: This Act makes the following changes related to traffic control devices erected on order of the Secretary of the Department of Transportation (Secretary) limiting the size and weight of vehicles and loads permitted on a specific highway:
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 6 And Title 25 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Fair Housing.. Description: The Delaware Fair Housing Act and Residential Landlord-Tenant Code both prohibit discrimination based on source of income, which is defined as including rental payments from any government program, but both laws also provide that a landlord's nonparticipation in a government-sponsored rental assistance, voucher, or certificate system cannot be the basis for an administrative or judicial proceeding.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 10 And Title 13 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Publication.. Description: This Act leverages technological advances to allow Family Court the flexibility to permit litigants to publish through a legal notices website established by the Court.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 7 Of The Delaware Code Relating To State Parks.. Description: Current law grants an active Delaware volunteer firefighter, active Delaware volunteer EMT, or life-member of a Delaware volunteer fire department who is a Delaware resident a free surf fishing vehicle permit each year. Current law allows an active Delaware volunteer firefighter, active Delaware volunteer EMT, or life-member of a Delaware volunteer fire department who is not a Delaware resident to purchase a surf fishing vehicle permit each year at the Delaware resident rate.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 6 Of The Delaware Code Related To Consumer Contracts.. Description: This Act provides protections for consumers in connection with contracts with automatic renewal provisions. Multiple states have enacted laws regulating the automatic renewals of contracts, often described as "evergreen" clauses. These state laws are aimed at protecting consumers from unknowingly entering into these types of agreements by requiring that evergreen clauses be presented in a clear and conspicuous manner and that sellers of such contracts provide notice to consumers about an upcoming renewal.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code And Chapter 265, Volume 82 Of The Laws Of Delaware Relating To The Freedom Of Information Act.. Description: Senate Substitute No. 1 for Senate Bill No. 243 (150th General Assembly) enacted § 10006A of Title 29, which allows an advisory body to hold a virtual meeting, if there is an anchor location that is open to the public, allows any public body to hold public meetings during a state of emergency, and clarified that public bodies must allow a member with a disability to attend a meeting electronically as a reasonable accommodation under § 4504 of Title 6, unless doing so would present an undue burden. Senate Substitute No. 1 for Senate Bill No. 243 sunsets on June 30, 2021.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 14 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Inspire Scholarship Program.. Description: This bill will provide Delaware students with strong academic credentials and a demonstrated commitment to volunteer public service to receive scholarship monies sufficient to cover the full cost of tuition at Delaware State University. The intent of this bill is to increase the number of students in Delaware who not only attend the University but who successfully complete degree programs.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 3 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Commercial Fertilizers And Soil Conditioners.. Description: This bill authorizes the Department of Agriculture to update the Delaware Commercial Fertilizer and Soil Conditioner Law of 1971. Changes to this law include updating language to align with current industry terminology and includes applicable language from the most recent version of the Association of American Plant Food Control Officials (AAPFCO) Uniform State Bill, which is designed to create uniformity amongst states. This bill authorizes the Department of Agriculture to impose product registration and tonnage fees to better reflect current market rates and to assist the Department in funding costs associated with inspections, sampling and analysis for this chapter; to adjust requirements for current registering of Delaware mixing facilities and custom fertilizer blends. The proposed changes will give clarity to distributers and Department staff regarding product labeling, registration, and deficiencies as well as providing updated terminology to make regulating this program more efficient.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 3 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Commercial Feeds.. Description: This bill authorizes the Department of Agriculture to update the Delaware Commercial Feed Law of 1967. Changes to this law include updating language to align with current industry terminology and includes applicable language from the most recent version of the Association of American Feed Control Officials (AAFCO) Uniform State Bill, which is designed to create uniformity amongst states. This bill authorizes the Department of Agriculture to add criteria for defining an adulterated feed and adjusts penalties for violators of this chapter. The proposed changes will provide clarity to distributers and Department staff regarding product labeling, registration, and violations as well as providing updated terminology to make regulating this program more efficient.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 11 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Criminal Procedure.. Description: Section 1 of this Act addresses a condition of confinement issue that could adversely affect inmate rehabilitation efforts by eliminating solitary confinement imposed by the sentencing court.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 14 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Public Education Compensation Committee.. Description: This Act establishes a Public Education Compensation Committee for the purpose of reviewing Delaware's educator compensation structure and its ability to compete with regional school districts, Delaware's private business sector, and other governmental agencies and to develop recommendations to establish a new compensation structure for educators in Delaware.
In 2021, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 25 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Residential Landlord-tenant Code.. Description: This Act is a substitute for Senate Bill No. 101. Like Senate Bill No. 101, this Substitute creates a right to counsel for tenants in evictions and other landlord-tenant actions. Approximately 18,000 eviction cases are filed each year in the State of Delaware, and while 86% of landlords are represented by an attorney, agent, or business manager, only 2% of tenants have representation.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 10 And Title 11 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Automatic Expungement.. Description: This Act creates an automatic expungement process for adult and juvenile charges that are eligible for mandatory expungement because under the petition-based system, only a small fraction of people eligible for expungement ever obtain this important relief. Under this Act, the State Bureau of Identification must identify and expunge cases eligible for automatic mandatory expungement on a monthly basis.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 18 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Bail Bond Agents.. Description: This bill clarifies the original intent of House Bill No. 151 of the 147th General Assembly, which substantially revised the law relating to bail agent licensure and oversight, that individuals or businesses that loan or otherwise provide funds to bail agents for purposes of furnishing bail (bail funders) are themselves required to be licensed as bail agents. This clarification is necessary in light of certain members of the bail industrys attempts to circumvent the requirements of HB 151, as reflected in the Superior Court opinion issued in the matter of Preferred Financial Services, Inc. v. A&R Bail Bonds LLC, et al., 2019 WL 315331 (Del. Super. January 23, 2019), affd 2019 WL 4042324 (Del. August 28, 2019). The bill also creates a standard term (bail agent business entity) to refer to business entities that advertise and act as bail agents and standardizes the use of the phrase throughout the subchapter. Section 2 provides a definition of financial interest and revises the provision regarding background check requirements to permit applicants to submit federal background check requests electronically through SBI. Section 3 of this bill clarifies that the duties of bail agents as set forth in Section 4333B(b) apply both to individual property bail agents and business entity licensees and also grants the Commissioner the authority to request from licensees financial statements and balance sheets in a form required by the Commissioner, bank statements, and other information deemed necessary by the Commissioner in her review of the business operations of licensees under this Chapter. Section 4 of this bill requires the automatic suspension of a bail entitys license if such entitys designated responsible individual licensee is no longer in good standing and dictates that a designated responsible individual licensee is responsible for the business entitys failure to comply with the relevant insurance laws. Sections 5 and 7 of this bill correct a typographical error in the original statute. Section 6 of this bill increases the amount of the bond that bail agents are required to file with the Department. Section 7 also sets forth the procedure for requesting a hearing in connection with a license application denial, which is consistent with the procedures set forth in Chapter 17 of the Insurance Code for producers. Section 8 of this bill includes additional record maintenance requirements in connection with the use of bail funders. Sections 9 and 10 make changes for technical and consistency purposes. Section 11 of this bill requires bail agents to substantively respond to Department inquiries within a reasonable timeframe, which is consistent with the requirements under Title 18s Unfair Trade Practices Act (Ch. 23). Section 12 of this bill adds language regarding fines that may be imposed upon bail agents in lieu of or in addition to other penalties that may be imposed for violations of the laws of this State.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 12 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Unclaimed Property.. Description: This Act adopts an express reporting requirement for virtual currency, with an exemption for game-related digital content with minimal or no value; defines virtual currency and game-related digital content; requires the liquidation of and conversion to U.S. dollars of virtual currency prior to reporting and remitting this property to the State; and limits the exposure of both the State and the reporting holder to claims by the putative owners of this property type for subsequent gains in value, given the volatility inherent in this property types value. Liquidation of and conversion to U.S. dollars of virtual currency prior to reporting and remitting also promotes ease of administration and the return of the cash value to owners. This Act incorporates in part some of the concepts from the 2016 Revised Uniform Unclaimed Property Act promulgated by the Uniform Law Commission, as well as legislation adopted by Kentucky in 2019.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 12 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Unclaimed Property.. Description: This Act clarifies various aspects of the States procedures to operate its unclaimed property program, including promoting and determining holder compliance, processing owner claims, and preventing fraudulent claims.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 16 And Title 24 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Pharmacists Dispensing And Administering Contraceptives.. Description: This Act allows pharmacists to administer or dispense contraceptives under a standing order from the Division of Public Health. At least 11 states, the District of Columbia, and the U.S. Virgin Islands allow pharmacists to dispense contraceptives without a prescription from another health-care practitioner. This practice is supported by the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 14 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Services For Children With Disabilities In Homeschools.. Description: This Act makes students who attend homeschools eligible for the same services for children with disabilities as students who attend private schools in a manner that allows federal funds to pay for the services. This Act is the result of discussions regarding Senate Bill No. 19, which would make homeschool students eligible for speech therapy services, and accomplishes the goal of Senate Bill No. 19 because through meaningful consultation, speech therapy services are often included in the services provided to students who attend private schools.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 18, Title 29, And Title 31 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Insurance Coverage Of Insulin Pumps.. Description: This Act requires that individual, group, State employee, and public assistance insurance plans provide coverage for a medically necessary insulin pump at no cost to a covered individual.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Medicaid Reimbursement Rates For Home Health-care Services.. Description: This Act requires that home health-care services for Medicaid long-term care services and support providers be reimbursed for services by Medicaid-contracted organizations at a rate equal to or more than the rate set by the Division of Medicaid and Medical Assistance for equivalent services. This rate floor system is currently used for reimbursement rates for home health-care nursing services paid for by Medicaid-contracted organizations.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 10, Title 11, And Title 16 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Expungement.. Description: This Act expands eligibility for mandatory expungement of adult and juvenile cases by doing all of the following:
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 8 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The General Corporation Law.. Description: Section 1 of the Act amends § 160(c) to clarify that shares of a corporation's capital stock held by any other entity (whether a corporation or non-corporate entity) are not entitled to be either voted or counted for quorum purposes if the corporation directly or indirectly holds a majority of such other entity's voting power entitled to vote generally in the election of, or is otherwise entitled to appoint or act as, the governing body of such entity. This amendment to § 160(c) should not be construed to create any negative implication with respect to the inclusion or exclusion of non-corporate entities in connection with any other section of the DGCL.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Chapter 18, Title 6 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Creation, Regulation, Operation And Dissolution Of Domestic Limited Liability Companies And The Registration And Regulation Of Foreign Limited Liability Companies.. Description: This bill continues the practice of amending periodically the Delaware Limited Liability Company Act (the Act) to keep it current and to maintain its national preeminence. The following is a section-by-section review of the proposed amendments of the Act.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 6 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Creation, Regulation, Operation, And Dissolution Of Domestic Partnerships And The Registration And Regulation Of Foreign Limited Liability Partnerships.. Description: This bill continues the practice of amending periodically the Delaware Revised Uniform Partnership Act (the Act) to keep it current and to maintain its national preeminence. The following is a section-by-section review of the proposed amendments of the Act.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Chapter 17, Title 6 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Creation, Regulation, Operation And Dissolution Of Domestic Limited Partnerships And The Registration And Regulation Of Foreign Limited Partnerships.. Description: This bill continues the practice of amending periodically the Delaware Revised Uniform Limited Partnership Act (the Act) to keep it current and to maintain its national preeminence. The following is a section-by-section review of the proposed amendments of the Act.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 14 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Education And Purple Star Schools.. Description: This bill allows schools and school districts to submit an application to the Department of Education to have a school designated as a Purple Star School.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 16 And Title 18 Of The Delaware Code, Chapter 189, Volume 82 Of The Laws Of Delaware, And Chapter 392, Volume 81 Of The Laws Of Delaware, As Amended By Chapter 141, Volume 82 Of The Laws Of Delaware, Relating To Primary Care Services.. Description: This Act is a substitute for Senate Bill No. 120. Like Senate Bill No. 120, this Substitute continues recent efforts to strengthen the primary care system in this State by doing the following:
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 16 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Radiation Control.. Description: This bill changes the requirements for members to be appointed to the Authority on Radiation Protection. It also allows for removal of a member by the Governor in certain limited circumstances, and clarifies the number of members needed to constitute a quorum.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 9 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Appointment Of The County Attorney Of New Castle County.. Description: This Act provides that the County Attorney of New Castle County, consistent with other department directors of New Castle County government, is appointed by the County Executive with the advice and consent of the New Castle County Council. Pursuant to § 1391 of Title 9, the Office of Law provides legal advice to the County Executive, County Council, and County departments, boards, offices, and agencies. This amendment would require the advice and consent of the County Council in the appointment of the County Attorney. Consequently, this proposed amendment would safeguard against unequal preference to either branch of government when advice is provided.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 19 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Workers' Compensation Benefits.. Description: This bill will allow all surviving spouses of persons killed in the course and scope of employment to receive the same level of death benefits as the surviving spouses of those persons defined as covered persons in Section 6601(2), Title 18 of the Delaware Code, in the event that the surviving spouse remarries. This expansion of the death benefit beyond the surviving spouses of those persons specified in Section 6601(2) will result in all surviving spouses, who decide to remarry, being treated equally under Delawares Workers Compensation laws.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend The Town Charter Of The Town Of Smyrna.. Description: This Act amends the Charter of the Town of Smyrna ("Charter") to clarify the authority of the Town in certain areas and to improve the operations of the Town. Specifically, in this Act:
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 14 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Education.. Description: This bill provides that the spouse and any child of a member of the active military service of the United States, who has been assigned to duty elsewhere immediately following assignment to duty in Delaware, shall be deemed to be an in-state resident for the purposes of determining the tuition, fees, and other charges at Delaware public universities, colleges, or community colleges as long as the spouse or child remains enrolled at such institution.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 21 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Operation Of Vehicles On Approach Of Authorized Emergency Vehicles.. Description: This Act prescribes specific fines for violating § 4134 of Title 21. Previously, a violation of § 4134 would have been subject to the penalties outlined in § 4205 of Title 21. The amount of the penalties in § 4205 are as follows: for a first offense, a fine of not less than $25 nor more than $75. For each subsequent like offense, a fine of not less than $57.50 nor more than $95. Section 4205 is a general penalty provision that establishes penalties for violations of Chapter 41 of Title 21 or Chapter 42 of Title 21 in the event that the penalties are not otherwise prescribed.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Economic Development.. Description: The purpose of this legislation is to promote sustained economic growth and stability by establishing a fund to provide grants, loans or other economic assistance to businesses or public entities that invest in constructing, renovating or improving infrastructure for sites that will attract new businesses or expand existing businesses within the State to initiate economic development opportunities that will create a significant number of direct, permanent, quality, full-time jobs. There is intense competition between the states to attract and to keep vital businesses that create and maintain these direct, quality employment opportunities. Therefore, it is critical to expand and sustain economic growth within the State to consistently maintain readily available commercial, industrial sites to attract new business, or expand existing businesses. The delay in converting completely undeveloped sites into sites that are fully capable of conducting business may result in the loss of significant business opportunities that benefit the public. The site readiness fund will provide economic assistance to qualified businesses or public entities to renovate, construct, or improve commercial, industrial sites that are readily available to new businesses, established businesses that are considering moving to the State or existing businesses within the State that need additional sites to remain or expand within the State.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 16 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Delaware Health Information Network Chapter.. Description: This Act is the result of the 2019 report of the Joint Legislative Oversight and Sunset Committee's (JLSOC) task force under Senate Resolution No. 9 of the 150th General Assembly, which recommended amending the Delaware Health Information Network's ("DHIN") chapter to conform existing law with the standards of the Delaware Legislative Drafting Manual. This Act makes technical corrections to the DHIN chapter, including the following:
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Council On Correction.. Description: This Act a result of the Joint Legislative Oversight and Sunset Committees (JLOSC) review of the Council on Correction (Council), and revamps Councils governing statute based on discussions throughout the review. In addition to making several technical changes to conform existing law to the standards of the Delaware Legislative Drafting Manual, this Act also does the following:
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 16 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Delaware Emergency Medical Services Oversight Council.. Description: This bill changes the requirements for members to be appointed to the Delaware Emergency Medical Services Oversight Council. The bill also clarifies that a member may serve for a term of up to three years and is eligible for reappointment and the number of members needed to constitute a quorum. In addition, the bill allows for removal of a member by the Governor under certain circumstances and clarifies that the Council may adopt bylaws for adopting operating procedures. The bill also makes technical corrections to conform existing law to the standards of the Delaware Legislative Drafting Manual.
In 2021, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 30 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Taxation Of Premium Cigars.. Description: This Act lowers the tax rate for premium cigars from 30% to 15% of the wholesale price so that Delaware's tax rate is consistent with the tax rates for premium cigars in surrounding states. The tax rate in Maryland is 15% and there is no tax on premium cigars in Pennsylvania. Under this Act, a premium cigar means any roll for smoking that is all of the following:
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 14 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Requirements For Educator Preparation Programs.. Description: The 2019 Delaware Literacy Plan (Literacy Plan) established a framework to address Delawares literacy challenges. The Literacy Plan concluded that a strong teacher preparation program should lay the foundation for teachers to be able to engage students in the essential components of evidenced-based reading instruction, known as the "science of reading."
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 16 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Use Of Single-service Plastic Implements And Polystyrene Containers In Food Establishments.. Description: Senate Bill No. 134 prohibits a food establishment from providing consumers with a single-service plastic coffee stirrer, cocktail pick, or sandwich pick or with ready-to-eat food or a beverage in polystyrene containers. SB 134 also prohibits food establishments from providing single-service plastic straws, unless requested by a consumer.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 24 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Geology.. Description: The purpose of this Act is to eliminate the overly broad licensure exemption applicable to persons engaged in the practice of well drilling and persons engaged in the practice of engineering as registered professional engineers. There are many overlapping areas of practice between geologists and well-drillers and registered professional engineers. However, the exemption included in 24 Del. C. § 3602 leads to the conclusion that a licensed well driller or registered professional engineer is qualified to perform any act within the practice of geology regardless of level of competence or expertise. It is each governing bodys responsibility to ensure competent practice within the respective professions, including any areas of overlap. However, the inclusion of the very broad exemption for well-drillers and registered professional engineers is misleading and does not serve the interests of public protection.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 14, Title 16, Title 29, And Title 31 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Early Intervention Services.. Description: This Act transfers responsibility for early intervention services for children ages birth to age 3 from the Department of Health and Social Services to the Department of Education and revises the Code to be consistent with federal law. The Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (IDEA) requires states to provide a comprehensive, coordinated, interagency, interdisciplinary early intervention services system for eligible infants and toddlers and their families. This Act requires that early intervention services be provided in compliance with all of the requirements of the IDEA, improves coordination between advisory bodies, and requires early intervention service providers to receive the same training on child abuse and the same background checks as school employees.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 31 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The State Public Assistance Code.. Description: This Act amends Title 31 to allow the Superior Court to remand administrative hearing decisions after they have been reviewed on appeal for further factual findings or other proceedings as ordered by the Superior Court. In the absence of a remand decision, the Court is bound by the findings below, and has no ability to seek clarification of factual findings or to safeguard the procedural interests of the underlying parties. This Act provides the Superior Court with the type of flexible and nuanced approach it is able to employ under the Administrative Procedures Act.
In 2021, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Congratulating The Winners Of The 30th Annual Delaware High School Mock Trial Program.. Description: This resolution congratulates the winning teams from the 2021 Delaware High School Mock Trial Program.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 13 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Termination And Transfer Of Parental Rights In Adoption Proceedings.. Description: This Act is the result of over 6 years of work and collaboration among the Family Court, Department of Justice, Department of Services for Youth, Children, and their Families, the Office of the Child Advocate, private adoption agencies, and the Family Law Section of the Delaware Bar Association to modernize Delawares termination of parental rights (TPR) statute.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To State Procurement.. Description: This bill removes the exclusion of Community Transportation Funds from the performance-based rating system.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 11 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Offenses Against Public Health, Order, And Decency.. Description: This Act modernizes the hate crime statute and consolidates related offenses together with the hate crime statute in the Criminal Code.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend The Charter Of The Municipal Service Commission Of The City Of New Castle.. Description: This Act amends the Charter of the Municipal Service Commission of the City of New Castle by granting the City Council of New Castle the power to appoint two of the three Commissioners to serve on the Municipal Service Commission, with the incumbent Mayor as the third Commissioner. This Act also sets the terms of each appointed Commissioner to 4 years, and allows the City Administrator to serve as a substitute for the Mayor on the Commission in the Mayor's absence.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 11 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Use Of Force.. Description: This Act codifies a reasonableness requirement for the use of force, both non-lethal and lethal. This is important when the state of mind is an issue in a criminal trial, such as when the judge or jury must decide as to what someone believed, knew, or intended at a given time.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Division Of Civil Rights And Public Trust.. Description: This Act expands the Division of Civil Rights and Public Trusts responsibility to review deadly use of force incidents by law enforcement by adding review of cases involving serious physical injury. It also requires that if the Division issues a public report on the use of force, the report must include the race of the law enforcement officer who used force, the race of the individual on whom force was used, and whether race was a relevant or motivating factor.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 18, Title 21, And Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Providing For Driver Education Training, A Drivers License, Or Motor Vehicle Insurance For A Child In The Custody Of The Department Of Services For Children, Youth, And Their Families Or An Individual Subject To Extended Jurisdiction.. Description: Acquiring a drivers license is an important part of young adults in foster care achieving normalcy and eventual independence. Yet, youth in long term foster care face numerous unique barriers in this endeavor. Not only are there logistical challenges in the process of obtaining a license for teenagers not in parental care, but the automobile insurance industrys rules can be unaccommodating and financially prohibitive. And, research shows that youth who leave foster care with a drivers license are more likely to have a successful outcome, avoiding homelessness and incarceration, as reliable transportation is a crucial step to employment.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 3 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Veterinary Technicians.. Description: This bill allows licensed veterinary technicians, as well as licensed veterinarians, to administer rabies vaccinations to dogs, cats, and ferrets.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 17 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Utilities Coordination.. Description: This Act creates a new Utilities Coordination Council, as recommended by the Utilities Coordination Working Group established by SCR No. 48 from the 150th General Assembly. The purpose of the Council is to review and recommend best practices for efficient utility relocations on transportation projects on Delaware's highways. Additionally, the Council will be responsible for implementation, accountability, and the resolution of any specific utility delays.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 16 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Department Of Services For Children, Youth And Their Families.. Description: This Act updates statutes relating to the Department of Services for Children, Youth and Their Families. It adds "Institutional Abuse Investigation Unit" to the definitions within the existing statute. In addition, it updates references in certain sections of the laws to reflect whether the Department of Services for Children, Youth and Their Families, or a unit or division within that Department, is responsible for certain duties as described in the Delaware Code. It also makes technical corrections to conform existing law to the standards of the Delaware Legislative Drafting Manual.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 10 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Procedure In The Family Court In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This Act repeals the outdated requirement for the Department of Services for Children, Youth & Their Families (DSCYF) to seek approval before mixing youth who have been adjudicated delinquent with youth who do not have a delinquency history in the same facility. The mixing statute was codified in 1987, and since then, DSCYF has developed rigorous safety protocols and uses evidence-based assessments to determine appropriate placements for children in the care of the department. The current practices of DSCYF have eliminated the need for mixing approval, which in some cases require DSCYF to seek a court order. In addition, the Family Court conducts regular review hearings for youth in DSCYF custody, allowing opportunities for the department, the childs attorney, the child (if age appropriate), and the judicial officer to monitor many factors relating to the childs placement, including safety.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 14 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Charter Of The University Of Delaware.. Description: This Act requires that prevailing wages be paid to laborers and mechanics working on all University of Delaware construction sites or renovation projects that exceed a certain cost. The prevailing wages are set by the Delaware Department of Labor, Division of Industrial Affairs, and apply to various classes of laborers and mechanics, according to the county in which the work is performed.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 21 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Powers Of Attorney, Electronic Signatures, And The Registration Of Vehicles.. Description: Delawares Power of Attorney statute requires a notary to verify the signature on a document. Many financial institutions have difficulty having the customer appear before a notary for that notarization. There are several electronic signature verification processes that are available to businesses. This bill would create a Power of Attorney for motor vehicle business that would allow for electronic signature verification if the verification system is acceptable to the Department. This bill will enable businesses of all sizes to accelerate document turnaround time and reduce costs, while ensuring document security and privacy. The revised bill clarifies when a power of attorney becomes valid, the duration of the power of attorney, and removes any potential conflict with an appointed guardians responsibilities.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 11 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Department Of Correction.. Description: This bill expands prison-based jobs to provide work experience and job skill training and will assist offenders with reentry, while also maintaining Department of Correction (DOC) facilities. DOC has not been able to increase the number of offender job opportunities at its facilities or increase inmate wages due to budget constraints; and allowing offenders to be either compensated or awarded additional good time credits will allow the Department to increase the number of offenders eligible to work and provide them with additional opportunities to earn good time credits. Increasing the number of good time credit days an offender may earn will enhance the incentive for inmates to participate in approved programs and productive work.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 21 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Size And Weight Of Vehicles And Loads.. Description: Section 4513 of Title 21 authorizes the installation and use of monitoring systems to assist in the enforcement of applicable law regarding motor vehicle use of roadways that the Department of Transportation (DelDOT) has determined are not suitable for certain commercial or other truck traffic. DelDOTs determination of which roadways is based on myriad reasons, including vehicle height, weight, or size.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Counting Incarcerated Individuals For Redistricting Purposes.. Description: This Act provides additional procedures necessary to ensure that incarcerated individuals who were residents of Delaware immediately before their date of incarceration are counted for reapportionment and redistricting purposes at their last known residence as required by law. Specifically, this Act does the following:
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 18 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Insurance And Line-of-duty Disability Policies For Certain Emergency Responders.. Description: This allows a policy to be purchased by the Insurance Coverage Office to cover cancer for active Volunteer Firefighters, Paid Firefighters, Fire Marshals, Fire Instructors, Fire Police, EMTs, and Paramedics of the State of Delaware exclusive of those in private sector. This policy will be funded by an assessment calculated based on reporting of gross premiums by insurers writing certain lines of insurance under § 705 of Title 18. The benefits will provide a lump sum for early and advance stages of cancer and monthly income benefits for 36 months.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 11 And Title 16 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Safe Arms For Babies.. Description: According to the Childrens Bureau within the Administration for Children & Families, U.S. Department of Health & Human Services, all 50 states plus Washington, D.C. and Puerto Rico have enacted infant safe haven laws that allow a parent to surrender a newborn without fear of prosecution.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Advisory Council To The Division Of Developmental Disabilities Services.. Description: This Act is a result of the Division of Developmental Disabilities Services Task Force ("the Task Force"), which was created under Senate Concurrent Resolution No. 62 and extended by House Bill No. 345, both of the 150th General Assembly. This Act fulfills 2 of the Task Force's many recommendations, by requiring that the chair or vice chair of the Advisory Council to the Division of Developmental Disabilities Services be an individual with a developmental disability, and amending the Advisory Council membership to include the following:
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 9 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Farms.. Description: This Act more closely aligns the meaning of agricultural, horticultural, and forestry land use with the U.S. Census Bureaus definition of farm, which, since the 1974 Census, has included any place from which $1,000 or more of agricultural products were produced and sold . . . during the year. This alignment will ensure a more equitable tax treatment of farms throughout Delaware.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Chapter 95, Volume 82 Of The Laws Of Delaware Relating To Marriages.. Description: This Act postpones the effective date of Senate Bill No. 67, enacted in 2019. Senate Bill No. 67 was to become effective on January 1, 2020; however, the Clerks of the Peace for all 3 counties have indicated that they intend to postpone implementation of the requirements set out in Senate Bill No. 67. This postponement is in order to allow additional time for engagement with leaders of faith communities and to identify any additional changes to the marriage registry structure or to its implementation or enforcement.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 16 Of The Delaware Code And The Laws Of Delaware Relating To The Distribution Of Funds From The Prescription Opioid Impact Fee And Court Settlements.. Description: Delaware has been irreparably harmed by the opioid crisis. In 2018, 400 people died of an overdose in Delaware, and in 2019, 431 people died of an overdose. Settlements from opioid distributors, manufacturers, and pharmacies are expected to provide significant monies over a substantial period of time to Delaware. These funds are intended to address to harm caused by the opioid crisis in our communities.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 31 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Landlord Mitigation Fund.. Description: This Act seeks to increase the supply of homes available to rent for low-income individuals and families by providing incentives to landlords who participate in a government-sponsored rental assistance program. To that end, this Act creates a Landlord Mitigation Fund, administered by the Delaware State Housing Authority ("DSHA"), to provide payment for certain types of claims for payment or reimbursement for certain expenses incurred by participating landlords.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 21 Relating To Peer-to-peer Car Sharing.. Description: This Act establishes a Peer-to-Peer Car Sharing Program that allows for companies to facilitate the shared usage of vehicles in Delaware.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 14 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Delaware Child Care Act.. Description: In 2019, the Office of Child Care Licensing (OCCL) was transferred from the Department of Services for Children, Youth, and Their Families to the Department of Education. This Act makes changes to improve OCCLs implementation and enforcement of the Child Care Act, Chapter 30A of Title 14 of the Delaware Code.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend The Charter Of The Town Of Dewey Beach.. Description: This Act is a comprehensive update to the Charter of Dewey Beach that makes both substantive and technical revisions to diminish instances of ambiguous language and eliminate the use of archaic terms and duplicative provisions.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend The Charter Of The Town Of Milton.. Description: This Act amends the Charter of The Town of Milton. Specifically, this Act does all of the following:
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 18 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Reporting And Valuation Requirements For Insurers.. Description: Section 1 of this bill adds additional financial reporting requirements for authorized insurers, which codifies current practices in accordance with the NAICs accounting practices and procedures manual and which was recommended by the NAIC as part of its most recent and ongoing accreditation review of the Department. Section 2 of this bill repeals Section 526A because the Department has determined that the circumstances that originally resulted in the enactment of Section 526A are no longer present in todays market and, therefore, the additional reporting requirement is not necessary. Sections 3 and 4 of this bill make technical corrections recommended by the NAIC.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 15 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Elections.. Description: This Act does the following:
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 15 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Elections.. Description: This Act makes the following changes to election law:
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 11 And Title 16 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Animal Welfare.. Description: This Act clarifies the language enacted by Senate Bill No. 139 of the 150th General Assembly (SB 139) regarding when dogs may be permitted to run at large. This Act corrects errors in § 1325 of Title 11 and § 3048F of Title 16, by making revisions to conform the Code so it is consistent with the policy changes enacted by SB 139 and the standards of the Delaware Legislative Drafting Manual.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 24 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Real Estate Services, Brokers, Associate Brokers And Salespersons.. Description: This Act revises the circumstances under which an applicant can be denied a license by the Real Estate Commission because of a criminal conviction. Similar to the recent changes made other professional license requirements, this Act does all of the following:
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 19 Of The Delaware Code And The Charter Of The Town Of Delmar Relating To The Police Officers' And Firefighters' Employment Relations Act.. Description: This Act makes clear that the Town of Delmar, Delaware is a public employer for purposes of the Police Officers' and Firefighters' Employment Relations Act, Chapter 16 of Title 19 of the Delaware Code, and Chapter 16 of Title 19 applies to the Town, including in a cooperative agreement between the Town of Delmar, Delaware and the Town of Delmar, Maryland.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Chapter 243, Volume 82 Of The Laws Of Delaware And Title 30 Of The Delaware Code Relating To An Extension Of The Historic Preservation Tax Credit Act.. Description: Senate Bill No. 209, enacted by the 145th General Assembly, extended the Historic Preservation Tax Credit Act for approvals granted through June 30, 2020. Senate Bill No. 260, enacted by the 150th General Assembly, extended the Historic Preservation Tax Credit Act through June 2021. This Act extends the Historic Preservation Tax Credit Act for approvals granted through June 2030 and puts the provision regarding the effective date in the Code.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 8 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The General Corporation Law.. Description: Section 1. Section 1 of this Act amends Sections 145(c) and 145(g). Amended Section 145(c) corrects a typographical error but otherwise makes no substantive changes.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 19 And Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Craft Training Requirements In Public Works Contracts.. Description: Senate Substitute No. 1 for Senate Bill No. 48 (SS 1 for SB 48) of the 150th General Assembly enacted a requirement that contractors bidding for large public works contracts provide craft training of apprentices and journeymen. This Act clarifies the craft training requirement and increases options for how contractors can satisfy this requirement.
In 2021, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 3 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Pet Food Manufacturing Fees.. Description: This bill seeks to address overpopulation of cats and dogs in our state by creating an additional revenue stream for the State Spay/Neuter Program, to relieve some of the funding burden on animal welfare organizations in the state that are involved in reducing the free-roaming cat population, and provide more funding to meet the needs of low-income residents to spay/neuter their pets. First, it increases the fee only on manufactured cat and dog food over 3 years to $100 per each product per brand, which is in line with many other states. The existing $23 fee currently goes into the General Fund; this legislation will add $2 to the amount going to the General Fund. From the balance of the registration fee, funds are allotted to the Department of Agriculture to cover the cost of creating a program that adapts the registrations to distinguish between the types of feed and to cover the cost of maintaining that system. The remaining funds are distributed to the State Spay/Neuter Fund which provides for a statewide spay/neuter program for free-roaming animals and income-eligible pet owners and allows for qualified non-profit organizations to participate in the Program.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 22 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Residential Electric Vehicle Charging Infrastructure Requirements.. Description: Electric vehicles (EVs) are becoming more and more popular. Between 2012 and 2016, EV sales grew at an annual rate 32%. In 2017, growth in sales reached 45%. Batteries for EVs have become much cheaper in the last 10 years, enabling EVs to compete with traditional, fossil-fueled vehicles. In addition, major vehicle manufacturers are pledging to go all electric. Some researchers are predicting that EV sales will outnumber those of traditional, combustion engine vehicles by 2040. However, only minimal electrical charging infrastructure is available today.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 30 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Exclusion Of Military Pensions From Taxable Income.. Description: This Act increases the $2,000 pension exclusion otherwise available for military pensioners under age 60 to $12,500, providing an incentive for military retirees under age 60 to locate in Delaware.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 30 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Personal Income Tax.. Description: This bill increases the amount of the tax credit for active members of volunteer fire, ambulance and rescue service companies and their auxiliaries from $500 to $1,000.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Parks And Recreation Council.. Description: Since the creation of the Delaware Heritage Greenway Council in 1992 which then became the Delaware Council on Greenways and Trails, creation and maintenance of greenways and trails have become an important part of the mission of the Department of Natural Resources and Environmental Control, and especially its parks system. This bill merges the work of the Council on Greenways and Trails with the Parks Advisory Council to formally join their efforts. The two councils already collaborate on the Outdoor Recreation Parks and Trails grant program. This bill expands the Parks Advisory Council and adds trails and greenways as a background sought for some parks council members, and also adds representatives from the General Assembly which the Council on Greenways and Trails has had but the Parks Advisory Council does not currently have.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend The Charter Of The City Of Lewes Relating To The Manner And Method Of Conducting Annual Municipal Elections And Fishing Along The Delaware Bay Shore.. Description: This Act amends the Charter for the City of Lewes by doing all of the following:
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 16 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Health And Safety.. Description: This bill adds representation from the Division of Medicaid and Medical Assistance (DMMA) to the Delaware Healthy Mother and Infant Consortium and the Overdose System of Care Committee.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Chapter 249, Volume 83 Of The Laws Of Delaware Relating To The Delaware Child Care Act.. Description: This Act extends the effective date of Chapter 249, Volume 83 of the Laws of Delaware (Senate Bill No. 169 of the 151st General Assembly) from January 1, 2023 to July 1, 2024.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend The Charter Of The Board Of Public Works Of The City Of Lewes Relating To Utility Service Extension And The Power To Sue And Be Sued.. Description: The Delaware General Assembly incorporated the Board of Public Works of the City of Lewes (the BPW) in 1901 when it, separate from the Charter adopted for the City of Lewes, enacted the Charter of the BPW and empowered it to establish, control, and regulate the utility system for the City of Lewes.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 14 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Media Literacy.. Description: The societal implications of technological developments are pervasive, and the reach and influence of digital media platforms continue to expand. Media literacy skills are necessary for citizens to safely, responsibly, and critically consume and use social media and other forms of media. In addition, media literacy education prepares students to make informed civic decisions that affect them, their families, their communities, and the world.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Titles 10, 11, 13, 14, 16, 29, And 31 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Office Of Child Care Licensing.. Description: SB 187 passed by the 150th General Assembly moved the Office of Child Care Licensing (OCCL) from the Department of Services for Children, Youth and Their Families (DSCYF) to the Department of Education (DOE). This Act cleans up references in the Code that still refer to the OCCL and its responsibilities as part of DSCYF and changes the references to reflect its status and responsibilities as part of DOE.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Reapportionment Of The State Legislative Districts.. Description: This Act amends the maps of the district boundaries for the House of Representative and Senate Districts in the Delaware General Assembly in response to the 2020 U.S. Decennial Census. This Act also includes provisions to effectuate changes in Delaware law necessitated by the 2020 U.S. Decennial Census.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: A Bond And Capital Improvements Act Of The State Of Delaware And Certain Of Its Authorities For The Fiscal Year Ending June 30, 2022; Authorizing The Issuance Of General Obligation Bonds Of The State; Appropriating Funds From The Transportation Trust Fund; Authorizing The Issuance Of Revenue Bonds Of The Delaware Transportation Authority; Appropriating Special Funds Of The Delaware Transportation Authority; Appropriating General Funds Of The State; Reprogramming Certain Funds Of The State; Specifying Certain Procedures, Conditions And Limitations For The Expenditure Of Such Funds; And Amending Certain Statutory Provisions.. Description: This Bill is the Fiscal Year 2022 Bond and Capital Improvements Act.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Drug Testing By The Department Of Services For Children, Youth, And Their Families.. Description: This Act amends the Department of Services for Children, Youth & Their Families (DSCYF) required drug testing statute to gain parity in pre-employment drug testing procedures across state agencies that provide services for children and secure care for children or adults. Secure care positions in the Department of Correction, Delaware Psychiatric Center, and DSCYFs Prevention and Behavioral Health and Youth Rehabilitative Services facilities are historically hard to fill. Because of the sensitive nature of these positions, there is a thorough application and vetting process for applicants, the last steps of which are the pre-employment background checks and drug testing. Despite numerous ongoing efforts to recruit and retain applicants for these positions within DSCYFs facilities, interested applicants often choose to abandon the lengthy application process in favor of opportunities for faster hiring processes at large employers located nearby.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 14 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Provision Of Free Feminine Hygiene Products.. Description: The Bill expands the availability of free feminine hygiene products at all public and charter schools.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 21 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Truck Weights.. Description: This Act extends until 2026 the requirement that agriculture and intrastate construction vehicles be registered in accordance with the manufacturer's gross vehicle weight rating.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 19 Of The Delaware Code Relating To An Employer's Failure To Pay Wages.. Description: Senate Bill No. 208 clarifies that an employer is liable to an employee for liquidated damages if the employer does not make wages available on the next payday after an employee quits, resigns, is discharged, suspended, or laid off.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 2 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Transportation And Insurance Coverage For The Delaware Transportation Authority, Public Carriers, And Transportation Network Companies.. Description: In 2016, Title 2, Chapter 19 was enacted to address the growing use of ride share applications also known as a Transportation Network Companies (TNC), which transport passengers for compensation. In 2016, the General Assembly acknowledged the importance of protecting TNC passengers as well as other drivers on Delaware roads by requiring that a TNC possess $1,000,000.00 in death, bodily injury and property damage insurance coverage when transporting passengers. Because many Delaware citizens do not use a TNC for transportation but use other forms of transportation, such as buses, taxicabs or limousines, this Act increases the death, bodily injury and property damage insurance coverage required for the Delaware Transportation Authority (i.e. DART buses) and public carriers as defined by Chapter 18, Title2 to that which is already required by a TNC. The Act also requires that public carriers, TNCs and Delaware Transportation Authority possess uninsured and underinsured insurance coverage to protect their passengers. The Act will take effect on July 1, 2022.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 16 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Delaware Achieving A Better Life Experience Program.. Description: This Act responds to the promulgation of final federal regulations, 85 FR 74010, for state-sponsored savings programs under section 529A of the Internal Revenue Code, the Stephen Beck, Jr., Achieving a Better Life Experience Act of 2014 (ABLE), through which contributions may be made to the account of an eligible individual with a disability to meet qualified disability expenses. The federal regulations, among other things, resolve questions related to who may establish and exercise signature authority over an ABLE account. The final regulations clarify that an eligible individual with legal capacity may delegate signature authority to any other person and provide a hierarchy of persons who may establish or exercise signature authority over an ABLE account for an individual without legal capacity. The final regulations also clarify that expenses incurred at a time when a designated beneficiary is neither disabled nor blind are not qualified disability expenses. The Act makes changes to Chapter 96A of Title 16 of the Delaware Code for the sole purpose of conforming the Code to these aspects of the final regulations.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 19 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Employment Practices.. Description: This Act prohibits employers from requesting or requiring that an applicant for employment disclose the applicants age, date of birth, or dates of attendance or graduation from an educational institution in an initial application for employment, unless the employer is requesting the information because of a bona fide occupational qualification or to comply with state or federal law.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Membership Of The Delaware Native Species Commission.. Description: This Act clarifies that of the 6 members of the Delaware Native Species Commission (Commission) that represent stakeholder commercial interests, such as land development, farming, and business, no more than 2 members can represent the same commercial interest. This legislation is necessary for the Commission to have the relevant expertise and perspectives for its work.
In 2021, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Proclaiming April 22, 2021 As "stand Against Racism Day" In Delaware.. Description: This Resolution declares April 22, 2021 as "Stand Against Racism Day" in Delaware.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 15 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Elections.. Description: This Act extends the deadline for the Department of Elections to designate all election districts from before March 1 to before April 1, but only for the 2022 election year. The delay in the delivery of the 2020 U.S. Census data to the States has necessitated this change for the 2022 election year.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 3 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Standardbred Breeders Program Fund.. Description: This Act allows the Delaware Standardbred Breeders Fund Board to promulgate rules and regulations necessary or appropriate to implement or clarify the statutes related to the Standardbred Breeders Fund Program.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 21 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Emergency Vehicles.. Description: Historically, vehicles under the control of the Delaware State Fire Commission have been equipped with emergency lights. This bill amends Section 4106 to clarify and confirm that vehicles of the Delaware State Fire Prevention Commission are emergency vehicles that may be equipped with emergency lights.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 18 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Living Donor Protection Act.. Description: This Act, known as the Living Donor Protection Act, prohibits discrimination based on an individuals status as a living organ or tissue donor in the offering, issuance, cancellation, coverage, price, or other condition of an insurance policy, including a life, health, disability, or long-term care insurance policy.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 18 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Rates.. Description: This Substitute differs from Senate Bill No. 222 as follows:
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 5 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Building And Loan Association Insurance Regulation.. Description: This Act raises the threshold limit requiring a building and loan association to obtain federal deposit insurance from $10,000,000 to $15,000,000. This threshold limit was last increased in 2019. The State Bank Commissioner does not oppose this change.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 18 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Resident Insurance Producer Licensure Requirements.. Description: This bill requires applicants for a Delaware resident producer license to either be a Delaware resident or to work for an entity that has a physical location in Delaware out of which the business of insurance is conducted. This bill prohibits the practice of out-of-state applicants using Delaware registered agents or postal boxes to establish residency in Delaware. These changes will help to reduce or eliminate the improper marketing of insurance plans by bad actors that seek to avoid regulatory oversight through these licensing practices.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 4 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Alcoholic Liquors.. Description: This Act removes the exemption in § 543(d)(4) of Title 4 (reduced distance requirements based on population growth) to the prohibition against granting a license for the sale of alcoholic liquor if there is an existing licensed establishment of similar type within either of the following:
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 18 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Use Of Gender Or Sex As A Rating Factor In Personal Automobile Insurance Policies.. Description: This bill prohibits the use of gender, gender identity, or sex as a rating factor in personal automobile insurance policies. The Gender Disparities in Auto Insurance Pricing Report issued by the Delaware Department of Insurance and Consumer Federation of America shows that many insured Delaware women are charged more than men even when all other factors, including drivers history, are the same. Six states have similar existing laws: California, Hawaii, Massachusetts, Michigan, North Carolina, and Pennsylvania.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 15 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Municipal Elections.. Description: In January 2021, of the 57 municipalities in this State, the following 12 municipalities had an agreement with the Department of Elections to use the States Voter Registration System to determine if a resident of the municipality is eligible to vote in a municipal election: Camden, Delaware City, Dover, Elsmere, Georgetown, Harrington, New Castle, Newark, Smyrna, Townsend, Wilmington, and Wyoming. Since January 2021, the General Assembly has adopted charter changes authorizing Laurel, Lewes, Milton, and Seaford to use the States Voter Registration System, and Milford adopted an ordinance to do so. The residents of the remaining municipalities are required to register with the municipality before voting in a municipal election.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Compensation For Certain Retired Judicial Officers Accepting An Active Duty Designation.. Description: This Act updates the per diem compensation of any retired justice, judge, chancellor or vice chancellor accepting an active duty designation from $250 per day to 1/365 of the annual salary for such a judicial officer. This is consistent with the per diem compensation provided to retired justices of the peace and commissioners of the Superior Court, the Family Court, and the Court of Common Pleas accepting an active duty designation.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend The Delaware Code Relating To Renaming The State Human Relations Commission And The Division Of Human Relations.. Description: This Act does the following:
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend The Charter Of The City Of Delaware City Relating To Revenue.. Description: This Act amends the Delaware City Charter to provide that the Mayor and Council may impose a 3% tax on gross rental income for any lot operating a park for recreational vehicles, load or truck campers, camping trailers, travel trailers, trailers, or motorhomes, located within the boundaries of the city.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 3 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Nuisance Plants And Invasive Plants.. Description: Chapter 29 of Title 3, which restricts the use of invasive and potentially invasive plants, was enacted by Senate Bill No. 22 in 2021, but does not take effect until July 1, 2022. This Act revises § 2904 of Title 3 so that the Department of Agriculture, through the regulatory process, can both add and remove plants from the initial Invasive Plant List created under this section. In addition, this Act repeals Chapter 27 of Title 3 the same day that Chapter 29 takes effect, because Chapter 27 regulates the same topic, using the term nuisance plants, and Chapter 29 uses current terminology and best practices.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Titles 25 And 31 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Bed Bugs.. Description: This Act prohibits landlords from renting a dwelling unit that the landlord knows has a current bed bug infestation. This Act also obligates landlords to notify prospective tenants if an adjacent unit or units are currently infested with or are being treated for bed bugs. In addition, the Act sets forth the steps a landlord must take upon receiving notice of an actual or suspected bed bug infestation, including acknowledging the complaint, inspecting or obtaining investigatory services from a pest management professional, obtaining remedial services from a pest management professional, notifying tenants of inspection, remediation, notifying tenants of the pest management professional's determination regarding the infestation, and maintaining a written record of all complaints and control measures provided for a period of 2 years.
In 2022, Delaware enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 14 And Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Disabled Veterans School Tax Credit.. Description: This Act expands the Disabled Veterans School Tax Credit to include a deceased disabled veteran's surviving spouse. HB 214 with HA 1, passed by the 151st General Assembly, created the Disabled Veterans Property Tax Relief and Education Expense Fund. School boards are currently authorized to create a credit against school taxes for up to the full amount of school tax liability for property owned by a disabled veteran who meets certain requirements.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 18 And Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Inspection Of Public Records.. Description: Delawares Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) was intended to create a State-wide and generally applicable standard for citizens access to public records and to further the accountability of government to the citizens of this State. To ensure consistency in the processing of requests for public records, and to ensure the goals of FOIA are being realized, this bill amends earlier-enacted provisions in the Delaware Insurance Code and Administrative Procedures Act related to public inspection of State agency documents to incorporate by reference the requirements of the later-enacted FOIA statute.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 24 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Professions And Occupations And The Interstate Occupational Therapy Licensure Compact.. Description: By this Act, Delaware would join the Interstate Occupational Therapy Licensure Compact (OT Compact). The OT Compact is an interstate compact, or a formal agreement among states, to facilitate the interstate practice of occupational therapy.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act Making Appropriations For The Expense Of The State Government For The Fiscal Year Ending June 30, 2023; Specifying Certain Procedures, Conditions And Limitations For The Expenditure Of Such Funds; And Amending Certain Pertinent Statutory Provisions.. Description: This Bill is the Fiscal Year 2023 Appropriations Act.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act Making A One-time Supplemental Appropriation For The Fiscal Year Ending June 30, 2023 To The Office Of Management And Budget.. Description: This Act appropriates $378,613,700 to provide one-time funded projects through the Office of Management and Budget.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act Making Appropriations For Certain Grants-in-aid For The Fiscal Year Ending June 30, 2023; Specifying Certain Procedures, Conditions And Limitations For The Expenditure Of Such Funds; Amending The Fiscal Year 2023 Appropriations Act; Amending The Fiscal Year 2023 One-time Supplemental Appropriations Act; And Amending Certain Statutory Provisions.. Description: This Act provides supplementary appropriations to certain Grants-in-Aid recipients for Fiscal Year 2023.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 16 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Influenza Immunizations.. Description: This bill provides flexibility for nursing and assisted living facilities to make hiring decisions contingent on staff influenza vaccination status.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Titles 13 And 16 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Voluntary Admission Procedure.. Description: When a youth who is experiencing foster care and living in an out-of-home placement has a need for inpatient psychiatric treatment, there can be a delay in gaining voluntary admission to a facility due to the Division of Family Services needing to obtain the youths parent or legal guardians consent for treatment. This can lead to a youth waiting in an emergency department bed or other inappropriate setting while waiting for the proper consent to be signed. In some cases, when a youths parent or legal guardian cannot be located, the youth must be involuntarily committed in order to obtain inpatient treatment, even when the youth is going willingly.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 24 Of The Delaware Code Relating To A Multistate Professional Counselor Licensure Compact.. Description: This Act is an interstate compact called the Multistate Professional Counselor Licensure Compact, and it facilitates the interstate practice of licensed professional counseling. The Counseling Compact allows a counselor who is licensed in their home state and has not had any encumbrances on their license within the last 2 years to obtain the ability to practice counseling in other states participating in the Compact if the counselor satisfies the requirements, including completion of a criminal background check. A counselor must comply with the rules of any state in which they are practicing. Any state in which the counselor practices has the authority to remove the counselor's ability to practice in their state for a specific period of time, impose fines, and take other actions necessary to protect the health and safety of its citizens. If the counselor's home state license becomes encumbered, the counselor will lose the ability to practice interstate under the Compact until their home state license is no longer encumbered and at least 2 years have passed.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 10 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Civil Actions For Tortious Injuries, Including Death, To Lawfully Owned Pets.. Description: This Act abrogates current Delaware law as it presently stands regarding available recovery for damages related to injured or deceased pets that are tortiously injured by a third party or a third partys animal. Under current Delaware law, including cases such as Naples v. Miller, 2009 WL 1163504, (Del. Super. Ct. Apr. 30, 2009), there are substantial limitations on a pet owners ability to recover amounts related to the cost of veterinary bills because animals that are pets in Delaware are treated as property. This Act does not change the status of pets as property but does provide new causes of action to address tortious injury to a pet.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 6 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Investor Protection Fund.. Description: This bill increases the amount of funds deposited into the Investor Protection Fund from money collected by the Investor Protection Unit from $100,000 to $550,000. In addition, it increases the retention cap of the Investor Protection Fund from $300,000 to $750,000. Lastly, it expands the permissible uses of the Investor Protection Fund to include expenses of the Fraud and Consumer Protection Division of the Department of Justice (DOJ) related to consumer protection and financial fraud.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 6 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Consumer Protection Fund.. Description: The Consumer Protection Fund covers a substantial portion of the costs and expenses to run the Department of Justices Fraud and Consumer Protection Division, which serves all Delawareans, handles hundreds of consumer complaints every year, and is continually taking on more cases on behalf of Delawareans who have been victims of fraud and deceptive business practices. During the COVID-19 pandemic, a period of dramatically increased scams against Delaware's most vulnerable populations, including our seniors, the Fraud and Consumer Protection Division has been on the front lines. The Division brings money into the Consumer Protection Fund by investigating and enforcing Delawares consumer protection and financial fraud laws, and the amounts obtained, often through settlements, can be large but are unpredictable. Despite a significant expansion of the work and jurisdiction of the Fraud and Consumer Protection Division, the Consumer Protection Fund retention cap has not been increased since 2014. This Act increases the maximum amount of money the Department of Justice can keep in the Consumer Protection Fund at the end of each fiscal year from $3 million to $10 million.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 3 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Nutrient Management.. Description: This act streamlines the appointment process for the Delaware Nutrient Management Commission, expands the definition of dairy farmer to include all cattlemen, consolidates the appointment authorities, and simplifies the number of representatives.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 20 And Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Revised Uniform Law On Notarial Acts.. Description: This Act adopts the Uniform Law Commissions (ULC) Revised Uniform Law on Notarial Acts (Revised Uniform Law). As our State continues to recover from COVID-19, chief among the changes in the Revised Uniform Law relevant to our States current situation are those that permit notarial acts to be performed for a remotely located individual, an individual who is not in the physical presence of the individual performing the notarial act. These revisions include recent amendments made by the ULC to respond to areas the law needed to address that were discovered during the COVID-19 pandemic, including the need to have tangible documents ink-signed and notarized and the administration of oaths taken by remotely located individuals. Adoption of this Act will expand on Governor Carneys authorization for remote notarization to be performed by licensed Delaware attorneys, codified in § 3156 of Title 20, by allowing all notarial officers authority to perform remote notarization.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 14 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Cultural Resource Incentive Program.. Description: This Act establishes a cultural resources professional scholarship for the purpose of enabling and encouraging academically talented Delawareans to pursue careers as cultural resource professionals. The scholarship is also available to persons already serving in positions with cultural resource agencies, such as the Delaware Division of Historical and Cultural Affairs or with organizations that are institutional members of the Delaware Museum Association, among others, further their education. This scholarship would strengthen Delawares ability to both recruit and retain a more diverse workforce and would help the state meet federal credentialing requirements for federally-funded projects. The scholarship is named for the late Lewis M. Skipper Purnell, one of Delawares leading historical preservationists and husband of Mrs. Matilda Til Purnell, a great Delaware environmentalist in her own right.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 3 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Pesticides.. Description: This Act requires the Delaware Department of Agriculture to promulgate rules and regulations, that will not become effective until July 1, 2024, classifying neonicotinoid pesticides designed or intended for use in outdoor applications as state restricted use pesticides, creating a list of chemicals that belong to the neonicotinoid class of chemicals, and banning the retail sale of neonicotinoid pesticides to the public for outdoor applications. This Act also requires the Department to develop and publish best practices for minimizing the airborne liberation of neonicotinoid pesticides and related dust by October 1, 2022.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 18 Of The Delaware Code To Ensure Fairness In Cost-sharing For Prescription Drugs.. Description: The bill requires that third-party cost-sharing assistance utilized by patients is applied toward the enrollee's health insurance deductibles and any out-of-pocket limits. Additionally, the bill defines what constitutes a cost-sharing requirement as well as how to calculate the assistance when applying to patients deductibles and out-of-pocket limits. This bill applies to both carriers and pharmacy benefits managers with an effective date of January 1, 2024.
In 2021, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing April 29, 2021 As "world Wish Day" In Delaware.. Description: This resolution recognizes April 29, 2021 as "World Wish Day" in Delaware.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 10 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Establishment Of Units Within The Administrative Office Of The Courts.. Description: This Act reflects the Administrative Office of the Courts current managerial authority and budgetary control over the Judicial Information Center, the Office of State Court Collections Enforcement, and the law libraries. Title 10 § 1941 is repealed in its entirety as the use of the law libraries is no longer limited solely to judges. Spaces have been modernized to accommodate use by lawyers, self-represented litigants, and members of the public to conduct legal research and access other legal resources.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 21 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Special License Plates.. Description: This bill creates a special license plate for the Boy Scouts of America.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 14 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Free Public Schools.. Description: This Act establishes an evaluation and assessment system created by the Department of Education to determine whether a school facility is in good repair to assure that school facilities are clean, safe, and functional for staff and students. This Act also requires the Division of Public Health to create a routine indoor air quality monitoring program that includes temperature and humidity standards that is published on the Department of Health and Social Services website. It further requires the Division of Public Health to create a contractor certification program for indoor air quality services that will allow schools to contract with properly trained and certified contractors when indoor air quality remediation is necessary. The Act also provides procedures for districts to make procedures clear for receiving and reporting indoor air quality complaints in schools.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 11 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Crimes And Criminal Procedure And The Issuance Of Arrest Warrants.. Description: The Justice of the Peace Court actively discourages the acceptance of warrants from citizens, yet the statute as it currently stands may be interpreted to allow such warrants. This Act abolishes citizen warrants in the Justice of the Peace Court and creates a requirement that all warrants must issue only by information sworn to by a law-enforcement officer.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 24 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Professions And Occupations And The Audiology And Speech-language Pathology Interstate Compact.. Description: By this Act, Delaware would join the Audiology and Speech-Language Pathology Interstate Compact (the Compact). The Compact is an interstate compact, or a formal agreement among states, to facilitate the interstate practice of audiology and speech language pathology.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 8, Title 9, And Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The General Corporation Law.. Description: Section 1. Section 1 of this Act amends Section 102(b)(7). The amendment to Section 102(b)(7) authorizes a provision in the certificate of incorporation to eliminate or limit monetary liability of certain corporate officers for breach of fiduciary duty, but it precludes such elimination or limitation with respect to claims brought by or in the right of the corporation, and for the same types of claims with respect to which exculpation of directors is not permissible.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Chapter 17, Title 6 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Creation, Regulation, Operation And Dissolution Of Domestic Limited Partnerships And The Registration And Regulation Of Foreign Limited Partnerships.. Description: This bill continues the practice of amending periodically the Delaware Revised Uniform Limited Partnership Act (the Act) to keep it current and to maintain its national preeminence. The following is a section-by-section review of the proposed amendments of the Act.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Chapter 18, Title 6 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Creation, Regulation, Operation And Dissolution Of Domestic Limited Liability Companies And The Registration And Regulation Of Foreign Limited Liability Companies. Description: This bill continues the practice of amending periodically the Delaware Limited Liability Company Act (the Act) to keep it current and to maintain its national preeminence. The following is a section-by-section review of the proposed amendments of the Act.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Chapter 15, Title 6 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Creation, Regulation, Operation And Dissolution Of Domestic Partnerships And The Registration And Regulation Of Foreign Limited Liability Partnerships.. Description: This bill continues the practice of amending periodically the Delaware Revised Uniform Partnership Act (the Act) to keep it current and to maintain its national preeminence. The following is a section-by-section review of the proposed amendments of the Act.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 16 And Title 24 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Dentistry And Dental Hygiene.. Description: This Act increases opportunities for federally qualified health centers (FQHC) and government-operated dental clinics to serve the indigent and other underserved communities with dental care and improves flexibility with updated provisional licensing processes for FQHC and government-operated dental clinic applicants.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The 9/11 Remembrance Flag.. Description: This substitute bill makes a technical correction to the bill.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 16 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Labor Peace Agreements And Medical Marijuana.. Description: This Act requires medical marijuana compassion centers and safety compliance facilities that have 20 or more employees to have a labor peace agreement with 1 more bona fide labor organizations. This Act defines "labor peace agreement" as an agreement between an employer and a labor organization that, at a minimum, includes all of the following:
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 12 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Unclaimed Property.. Description: This Act clarifies various aspects of the States unclaimed property laws, specifically:
In 2022, Delaware enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 18 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Private Flood Insurance.. Description: This bill facilitates the expansion of the private flood insurance market through the adoption of the National Council of Insurance Legislators Model Private Primary Residential Flood Insurance Model. This Model has been used to facilitate increased consumer choice and access to flood insurance.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 24 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Continuing Education.. Description: The Board of Medical Licensure and Discipline and the Board of Nursing are responsible for establishing continuing education requirements for medical professionals licensed by these Boards. This Act adds a requirement that practitioners licensed by these Boards who treat adults must complete one hour of continuing education in each reporting period on the topic of diagnosis, treatment, and care of patients with Alzheimers disease or other dementias.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Chapter 38, Title 12 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Creation, Regulation, Operation, And Dissolution Of Domestic Statutory Trusts.. Description: This Act continues the practice of amending periodically the Delaware Statutory Trust Act (the Act) to keep it current and to maintain its national preeminence. The following is a section-by-section review of proposed amendments of the Act.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 9 And Title 17 Of The Delaware Code Relating To New Castle County Neighborhood Improvement Districts.. Description: This Act shall be known as the New Castle County Neighborhood Improvement District Act. The Act assembles New Castle County resources under one roof to focus comprehensively on persistent, and in some cases legacy, neighborhood problems, thereby promoting the possibilities of successfully resolving systemic neighborhood problems.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 21 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Motorcycle Safety.. Description: This bill would create a pilot program whereby motorcyclists are permitted to use flashing headlights as a way to alert other drivers of their presence, without allowing the use of flashing lights that would otherwise be used on emergency vehicles. The bill aims to protect motorcyclists on Delawares roads and has a sunsetting provision that will allow time for further traffic studies to determine the effectiveness of this pilot program.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 11 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Sexual Extortion.. Description: This Act expands the scope of the sexual extortion law to include: a) compelling or inducing another person to produce a visual depiction of the person or another who is nude or who is engaging in sexual conduct, and b) threatening to reproduce, distribute, exhibit, publish, transmit, or otherwise disseminate a visual depiction of a person who is nude, or who is engaging in sexual conduct.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 14 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Adult Sexual Misconduct In Schools.. Description: This Act expands Erin's Law to require training and education on issues related to inappropriate relationships between adults and children, such as grooming.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 14 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Policy Regarding Appropriate Relationships With Students.. Description: This Act requires each school district and charter school to adopt a policy regarding appropriate relationships between school employees, contractors, coaches, and volunteers and students. The policy must include a provision establishing appropriate and inappropriate interactions; a prohibition against adult sexual misconduct; a prohibition against any sexual relationship between a school employee, contractor, coach, or volunteer and a student; an emphasis on the mandatory reporting obligations under § 903 of Title 16; a procedure for notifying the Department of Education and law enforcement of suspected adult sexual misconduct; guidelines for the preferred and prohibited methods of electronic communication; notice that substantiated incidents of adult sexual misconduct will be reported in future reference checks; and a provision requiring the development of hiring practices to screen for adult sexual misconduct. This Act will be implemented for the 2023-2024 school year.
In 2022, Delaware enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 16 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Naloxone And Other Opioid Antagonists.. Description: An opioid antagonist is a medication approved by the United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for emergency reversal of a known or suspected opioid overdose. Currently, naloxone is the only FDA-approved opioid antagonist, however, the FDA is expected to approve at least 1 new, more powerful opioid antagonist in 2022.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Minor Capital Improvement Funds.. Description: This Act is companion legislation to Senate Bill 270. Currently, state code requires all school districts to match state- appropriated minor improvement funds with 40% local funds, regardless of a districts ability to do so. This bill changes the requirements for the school district match for minor capital improvement funds to use the more equitable formula in place for major school construction projects.
In 2022, Delaware enrolled a bill titled: An Act Proposing An Amendment To Article V Of The Delaware Constitution Relating To Elections.. Description: This Act is the first leg of a constitutional amendment that would update the minimum voting age in the Delaware Constitution from twenty-one years to eighteen years.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Attorney General Access To State Documents.. Description: This Act clarifies that the Attorney Generals right of access under Title 29, Section 2508(b) to the books, papers, records, and other documents of the State does not apply for purposes of discovery in any civil litigation brought by or on the relation of the Attorney General, except for the Department of Justices own documents. This Act is intended to ensure that state agencies, departments, boards, officers, instrumentalities, and commissions will have the discovery protections afforded to non-parties in such litigation by applicable rules of civil procedure or state or federal law.
In 2022, Delaware enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 24 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Professions And Occupations.. Description: This bill raises the threshold for licensed property appraisers so that they may appraise residential units valued at $400,000.00 or less as a way to meet market demand. It also changes the requirements for licensure, such that property appraisers must file annual certificates but only renew their registrations every other year.
In 2022, Delaware enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 24 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Athlete Agents.. Description: This Act adopts the Uniform Law Commission's Revised Uniform Athlete Agents Act ("Revised Act"), revising Chapter 54, Title 24 of the Delaware Code, which is based on the Uniform Law Commission's Uniform Athlete Agents Act ("Uniform Act"). The Uniform Law Commission provides states with non-partisan, well-conceived and well-drafted legislation that brings clarity and stability to critical areas of state statutory law.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 26 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Net-metering.. Description: This bill amends provisions in Title 26 of the Delaware Code, Section 1014, related to rules and regulations promulgated by the Public Service Commission, municipal electric companies, and electric cooperatives on the subject of net energy metering.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 22 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Downtown Development Districts.. Description: This Act provides that Downtown Development Districts are limited in area based on the size of the municipality or unincorporated area in which they are located.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 24 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Medical Practice.. Description: This Act updates the mandatory reporting requirements for Delaware physicians with anxiety, depression, and other mental health challenges. These changes are necessary to ensure that physicians are able to seek treatment without undue stigma or fear of loss of medical licensure. The recommended changes to the statutory reporting requirements are aligned with national best practices recommendations of leading experts including the Joint Commission on Healthcare Accreditation and the Federation of State Medical Boards.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 30 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Organ Transplantation.. Description: The purpose of this chapter is to provide incentives for resident Delaware taxpayers to donate organs and bone marrow for transplantation and for Delaware employers to grant paid time off to employees who donate organs and bone marrow for transplantation. To that end, the Act allows Delaware taxpayers to claim a tax credit of up to $10,000 of unreimbursed medical expenses, travel expenses, lodging expenses, and lost wages that are related to a donation of an organ or bone marrow by the taxpayer or a dependent of the taxpayer. The Act also gives a tax credit to Delaware employers who provide employees who donate an organ or bone marrow with paid time off for the purpose of the transplantation, in the amount of 25% of the employees gross wages paid to the employee during the time missed from work, not including any amount paid to the person by the employer as traditional paid time off, for a period of up to 30 days of missed work for each donation. For qualified expenses used for a tax credit under the Act, to the extent otherwise allowable under Title 30, no tax deduction is allowed for either the donor or the employer.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Ament Title 19 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Workers' Compensation.. Description: This Act makes substantial changes to clarify and modernize § 2347 of the Workers Compensation Act, Chapter 23 of Title 19 of the Delaware Code, as follows:
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Declaring April Of Each Calendar Year As "parliamentary Law Month".. Description: This Concurrent Resolution declares April of each year "Parliamentary Law Month".
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 10 And Title 11 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Firearms.. Description: This Act is named for Keshall KeKe Anderson. KeKe was an innocent bystander who was killed in a 2016 shooting involving a firearm purchased through a straw purchase. In 2019, in a lawsuit by KeKes family against the dealer of the firearm involved in her death, the Delaware Supreme Court affirmed the Superior Courts decision interpreting § 1448A of Title 11 of the Delaware Code to grant a firearm dealer full immunity from liability, even if the firearm dealer is negligent in selling a firearm to a straw purchaser. See Summers v. Cabelas Wholesale, Inc., 2019 Del. Super. LEXIS 156 (Del. Super. 2019), affd, Summers v. Cabelas Wholesale, Inc., 2019 Del. LEXIS 524 (Del. 2019).
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Designation Of A State Sea Turtle.. Description: This bill designates the Loggerhead Turtle as the official sea turtle for the State of Delaware.
In 2022, Delaware enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 3 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Regulation Of Seeds.. Description: This Act updates Chapter 15 of Title 3, the regulatory provisions for seeds, by making technical and substantive revisions.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Titles 7 And 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Climate Change.. Description: This Act, known as the Delaware Climate Change Solutions Act, follows the issuance of Delawares Climate Action Plan in 2021, and establishes a statutory requirement of greenhouse gas emissions reductions over the medium and long term to mitigate the adverse effects of climate change due to anthropogenic greenhouse gas emissions on the State, establishing a mandatory and regularly updated plan to achieve those emissions reductions and develop resilience strategies for the State, and requires State agencies to address climate change in decision-making and rulemaking.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 11 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Crimes And Criminal Procedure.. Description: This bill reflects the reality that grooming children for the purpose of committing crimes of sexual violence against them is often preceded by conduct that perpetrators know will make the child particularly susceptible to abuse. The bill requires proof that a person has engaged in three or more specific instances of conduct proscribed by the statute. Each of these predicate acts would not otherwise be considered criminal conduct, so the bill requires proof of a pattern of conduct aimed at a specific outcome. By outlawing grooming, the State will be explicitly empowered to stop a predator who engages in certain conduct with the intent to entice, persuade, induce, or coerce a child into participating in a sexual act with the perpetrator. A conviction for grooming is a stand-alone offense and is a felony punishable by up to 3 years in jail.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 16 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Fire-resistance-related Construction.. Description: This bill brings Delaware into conformity with national standards on fire safety dampers and smoke dampers. It requires all buildings of public accommodation and shared residential buildings to conform to standards that will ensure life-saving alarms and fire dampening efforts are safe and up to nationally recognized standards.
In 2022, Delaware enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 24 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Practice Of Chiropractic.. Description: Section 716(a) of Title 24 prohibits annual or lifetime numerical limits on chiropractic visits for the treatment of back pain. The treatment of chronic back pain through chiropractic supportive care can prevent patients from requiring opioid pain medications or more expensive treatments.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Governors Energy Advisory Council.. Description: This Act updates the membership and responsibilities of the Governors Energy Advisory Council.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 25 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Manufactured Home Communities.. Description: This Substitute Act requires all new and renewing rental agreements for a lot in a manufactured home community to contain the following:
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 14 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Teacher Licensure And Certification.. Description: This Act expands the period in which an ARTC program participant must meet the program requirements to obtain standard certification from 2 years to 3 years.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 18 And Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Insurance Coverage Of Diabetes Equipment And Supplies.. Description: This Act caps the amount that an individual, group, or State employee plan may charge for diabetes equipment and supplies, other than insulin, at $35 per month. This cap does not apply to accident-only, specified disease, hospital indemnity, Medicare supplement, long-term care, disability income, or other limited benefit health insurance policies.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 9, Title 16, Title 25, And Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Manufactured Home Communities.. Description: This Act is identical to Senate Substitute No. 1 to Senate Bill No. 9, which establishes new formulas that a community owner is allowed use to increase rent in a manufactured home community. The requirements under this Act will be in effect for 5 years, during which time the current requirements for rent increases in manufactured home communities will be suspended.
In 2022, Delaware enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Amend Titles 10 And 29 Of The Delaware Code Unifying Judicial Branch Employees Under The Judicial Branch Personnel Rules.. Description: This Act unifies all Judicial Branch employees under the Judicial Branch Personnel Rules, thus revising a bifurcated personnel administration system for judicial branch employees in constitutionally-created and legislatively-created courts. This Act recognizes and respects the constitutional powers vested in the Chief Justice, as the administrative head of the Judicial Branch, to govern Judicial Branch employment relations. This Act will not curtail any bargained-for employment rights currently held by Judicial Branch employees covered by the Merit System. Instead, this Act will simplify matters of personnel administration for the Judicial Branch by having one consistent set of rules and processes to apply equally to all Judicial Branch employees.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 21 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Special License Plates.. Description: This bill creates a special license plate for atTAcK addiction.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 15 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Elections.. Description: This bill establishes voting by mail under the General Assemblys broad powers under § 1, Article V of the Delaware Constitution to prescribe the means, methods and instruments of voting.
In 2022, Delaware enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 11 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Board Of Pardons.. Description: This bill broadens the scope of mental health practitioners who are authorized by statute to conduct examinations with inmates for purposes of advising the Board of Pardons on matters material to the Boards scope of review. This will enable licensed mental health practitioners and other clinical mental health professionals to participate in the process of evaluating and reporting upon an offenders mental health history, likelihood to re-offend, and other pertinent matters that will assist the deliberative process of the Board of Pardons.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 16 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Health And Safety.. Description: This bill ensures equal access to diaper changing tables in restrooms in public buildings regardless of the gender for which the restroom is designed.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 11 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Deadly Weapons.. Description: Currently, there is a manufacturer of firearm magazines in Georgetown that employs nearly 90 workers and produces 30, 20, 15, and 10 round magazines.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 9 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Schools.. Description: This Act addresses the relation between land development and school capacity and facilitates greater coordination between the counties and local school districts with regard to planning.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Rename The Blackbird State Forest's Meadows Tract The "ennis Tract" In Honor Of Senator Bruce C. Ennis.. Description: This Act renames the Blackbird State Forests Meadows Tract the Ennis Tract in honor of Senator Bruce C. Ennis.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Exemption From Taxation Of Property Owned By Riverfront Development Corporation Of Delaware.. Description: This Act provides that properties owned by the Riverfront Development Corporation of Delaware are exempt from taxation. The Riverfront Development Corporation of Delaware is an entity created by State law for purposes of planning and development of the area along the Brandywine and Christina Rivers. Removing tax burdens from the Riverfront Development Corporation of Delaware will enable it to better engage in its development efforts, including attracting other investors and tenants, and ultimately promote the common good of the citizens of this State.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 21 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Penalties For Using An Unauthorized Vehicle Registration Plate.. Description: This Act makes the use of an unauthorized vehicle registration plate a moving violation. This Act also clarifies penalties for using an unauthorized vehicle registration plate and that the use of an unauthorized vehicle registration plate is grounds for failing a vehicle inspection.
In 2022, Delaware enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 4 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Alcoholic Liquors.. Description: This Act allows restaurants that sell ice cream containing up to 10% alcohol by volume to sell such ice cream without the requirement that the customer also purchase at least $10 of other food. This substitute differs from the original bill by limiting this exception only to ice cream and clarifying the alcohol amount by volume of being up to 10%.
In 2021, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Permanent Rules Of The House Of Representatives Of The 151st General Assembly.. Description: This resolution creates the Permanent Rules of the House of Representatives.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing The Month Of April 2022 As "national Donate Life Month" In Delaware.. Description: This Resolution recognizes the month of April 2022 as "National Donate Life Month" in Delaware.
In 2021, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Election Of The Speaker Of The House Of Representatives.. Description: Relating To The Election Of The Speaker Of The House Of Representatives.
In 2021, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Election Of Officers Of The House Of Representatives.. Description: Relating To The Election Of Officers Of The House Of Representatives.
In 2021, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Permanent Procedures Of The House Of Representatives Of The 151st General Assembly Of The State Of Delaware For Ethics Violations.. Description: Relating To Permanent Procedures Of The House Of Representatives Of The 151st General Assembly Of The State Of Delaware For Ethics Violations.
In 2021, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: A Resolution Recognizing The Week Of April 18, 2021 Through April 24, 2021 As National Medical Laboratory Professionals Week.. Description: This Resolution recognizes April 18, 2021 through April 24, 2021 as National Medical Laboratory Professional Week.
In 2021, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing April 29, 2021 As World Wish Day In Delaware.. Description: This resolution recognizes April 29, 2021 as World Wish Day in Delaware.
In 2021, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Encouraging State Of Delaware Employees To Make Informed Decisions About Their Health Care During Open Enrollment And Throughout The Year.. Description: This resolution encourages State of Delaware employees to make informed decisions about their health care during Open Enrollment and throughout the year as an important step to help control rising health care costs and to maintain high -quality, affordable benefit options now and in the future.
In 2021, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Honoring The Memory And Celebrating The Life Of The Honorable Pierre S. Du Pont Iv, Former Delaware State Representative, Member Of Congress, And Governor Of Delaware.. Description: This House Resolution honors the memory and celebrates the life of the Honorable Pierre S. Pete du Pont IV, Governor of Delaware from 1977 to 1985, who departed this life on the eighth day of May 2021.
In 2021, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Celebrating March 25, 2021, As The 200th Anniversary Of Greek Independence Day And Celebrating Democracy In Greece And The United States.. Description: This resolution celebrates March 25, 2021, as the 200th Anniversary of Greek Independence, and reaffirms Delawares commitment to the principles of democracy and religious freedom.
In 2021, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Roll Of The Members Of The Senate.. Description: This Resolution establishes the roll of members of the Senate of the 151st General Assembly.
In 2021, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Rules Of The Delaware State Senate.. Description: This Resolution enacts the Rules of the Senate for the 151st General Assembly until further action of the Senate.
In 2021, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Election Of The President Pro Tempore.. Description: This Resolution elects David P. Sokola to be the President Pro Tempore of the Senate of the 151st General Assembly.
In 2021, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Office Of The Secretary Of The Senate.. Description: This Resolution elects Ryan C. Dunphy to be the Secretary of the Senate of the 151st General Assembly and appoints Raymond Lewis to be the Assistant Secretary of the Senate of the 151st General Assembly.
In 2021, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Directing The Secretary Of The Senate To Notify The House Of Representatives And The Governor That The Senate Is Organized.. Description: This Resolution directs the Secretary of the Senate to notify the House of Representatives and the Governor that the Senate of the 151st General Assembly is organized.
In 2021, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Condemning The January 6, 2021, Assault On The United States Capitol, Committing To Peaceful And Respectful Discourse By Delaware State Senators, And Expressing Gratitude To The Members Of The Delaware National Guard.. Description: This Resolution condemns the violence at and assault on the United States Capitol on January 6, 2021; commits the Senate to peaceful, thoughtful, and respectful discourse in the conduct of public business; and expresses gratitude to the members of the Delaware National Guard.
In 2021, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Honoring The Memory And Celebrating The Life Of The Honorable Pierre S. Du Pont Iv, Former Delaware State Representative, Member Of Congress, And Governor Of Delaware.. Description: This Senate Resolution honors the memory and celebrates the life of the Honorable Pierre S. Pete du Pont IV, Governor of Delaware from 1977 to 1985, who departed this life on the eighth day of May 2021.
In 2021, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing The Month Of June 2021 As Reentry Awareness Month In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This Resolution recognizes the month of June 2021 as Reentry Awareness Month in the State of Delaware.
In 2021, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing June 5, 2021, As Long-term Survivors Awareness Day And Memorializing The 40th Anniversary Of The Beginning Of The Hiv Epidemic.. Description: This resolution recognizes June 5, 2021, as HIV Long-Term Survivors Awareness Day and memorializes the date as the 40th anniversary of the official start of the HIV epidemic in the United States.
In 2021, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing May 2021 As "foster Care Month In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This resolution recognizes May 2021 as "Foster Care Month" in the State of Delaware.
In 2021, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Designating June 22, 2021 As "hvac Tech Day" In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This resolution designates June 22, 2021 as "HVAC Tech Day" in the State of Delaware.
In 2021, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Reaffirming The Sister-state Partnership Between The State Of Delaware And Taiwan And Supporting The Strengthening Of Bilateral Trade Relations With Taiwan, The Signing Of A Bilateral Trade Agreement Between The United States And Taiwan, And Taiwan's Participation In International Organizations.. Description: This Senate Resolution celebrates the 21st anniversary of the sister-state partnership between the State of Delaware and Taiwan and supports the strengthening of bilateral trade relations with Taiwan, the signing of a bilateral trade agreement between the United States and Taiwan, and Taiwan's meaningful participation in and contribution to international organizations.
In 2021, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing October 13, 2021 As "metastatic Breast Cancer Awareness Day" In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This resolution recognizes October 13, 2021 as "Metastatic Breast Cancer Awareness Day" in Delaware and encourages awareness among Delawareans.
In 2021, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Designating September 1, 2021 As " Wesley College Legacy Day" In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This resolution designates September 1, 2021 as "Wesley College Legacy Day" in the State of Delaware.
In 2021, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Directing The Department Of Health And Social Services To Prepare Reports On Demographic Data In Early Child Care And Education Populations.. Description: This resolution directs the Department of Health and Social Services to provide data on the Purchase of Care program in Delaware.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Senate Resolution Honoring The Life And Legacy Of Delaware State Senator Robert L. Venables, Sr.. Description: This resolution honors the life and legacy of former Delaware State Senator Robert L. Venables, Sr.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Supporting Federal Legislation, H.r. 3339, To Create A National Infrastructure Bank.. Description: This Senate Simple Resolution urges Delaware's U.S. Congressional Delegation and the President of the United States to support federal legislation, H.R. 3339, to establish a National Infrastructure Bank to fund urgently needed infrastructure projects.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing March 25, 2022 As "greek Independence Day" In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This resolution recognizes March 25 as "Greek Independence Day" in Delaware.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing March 2022 As "endometriosis Awareness Month" In Delaware.. Description: This resolution recognizes March 2022 as "Endometriosis Awareness Month" in Delaware to help raise awareness, promote research, and show support to its sufferers.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing Thursday, April 28, 2022, As "take Our Daughters And Sons To Work Day" In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This resolution recognizes April 28, 2022, as "Take Our Daughters and Sons to Work Day."
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Designating April 27, 2022, As Ulysses S. Grant Day In Delaware.. Description: This Senate Resolution designates April 27, 2022, as Ulysses S. Grant Day. General Ulysses S. Grant was the Union General responsible for the Confederate troops surrender that ended the Civil War. However, few are aware that as President, Grant also secured the ratification of the Fifteenth Amendment, which prohibits racial discrimination with respect to voting rights, signed into law the creation of the Department of Justice, Enforcement Acts, and a Civil Rights Act that upholds Fourteenth and Fifteenth Amendment rights, and pushed prosecution efforts to eradicate the 19th century Ku Klux Klan. This Senate Resolution encourages the public to celebrate the memory of President Ulysses S. Grant and furthers education on his life and legacy.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Directing The Department Of Health And Social Services To Prepare Reports On The Purchase Of Care Program And Directing The Department Of Education To Prepare Reports On Child Care Capacity.. Description: This resolution directs the Department of Health and Social Services to prepare reports on the Purchase of Care Program and directs the Department of Education to prepare reports on child care capacity.
In 2021, Delaware enrolled a bill titled: Accepting And Approving The January 8, 2021, Actions Of The President Of The Senate And The Speaker Pro Tempore Of The House Of Representatives, Declaring An Emergency Under § 5, Article Ii And § 1, Article Xvii Of The Delaware Constitution, And Adopting Rules Of Procedure For Conducting Virtual Meetings Of The 151st General Assembly And Its Legislative Committees During An Emergency.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution accepts and approves the January 8, 2021, actions of the President of the Senate and the Speaker Pro Tempore of the House of Representatives, declares an emergency under § 5 of Article II and § 1 of Article XVII of the Delaware Constitution, and adopts rules of procedure for conducting virtual meetings of the 151st General Assembly and its legislative committees during an emergency.
In 2021, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Honoring Delawares First Responders And Essential Workers.. Description: This House Concurrent Resolution honors Delaware's first responders and essential workers who have continued performing duties that are vital to the health, safety, and well-being of all Delawareans as we combat the COVID-19 pandemic.
In 2021, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Secretary Of The Department Of Transportation To Provide A Report Including The Amount Of Funds Needed To Adequately Repair And Maintain Subdivision Streets.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution requests that the Secretary of the Department of Transportation provide a report within 30 days of final passage of this Concurrent Resolution to the President Pro Tempore of the Senate, Speaker of the House of Representatives, Controller General, Director of the Division of Research of Legislative Council, Governor, and Director of the Office of Management and Budget that includes the amount of funds needed to adequately repair and maintain subdivision streets within the Capital Transportation Program without reliance on the Community Transportation Fund.
In 2021, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Honoring Joseph Robinette Biden Jr. For His Service And Dedication To The State Of Delaware.. Description: This resolution honors President-elect Joseph R. Biden, Jr. for his service and dedication to Delaware, and offers appreciation and support in his Presidency.
In 2021, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing The Month Of January 2021 As "human Trafficking Awareness Month" In Delaware.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution recognizes January 2021 as Human Trafficking Awareness Month in Delaware.
In 2021, Delaware enrolled a bill titled: Honoring The Leadership And Achievements Of African Americans And Urging The Celebration Of Black History Month.. Description: This House Concurrent Resolution honors and recognizes the leadership and achievements of African Americans and urges the celebration of Black History Month.
In 2021, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Designating January 24-30, 2021 As Certified Registered Nurse Anesthetists' Week In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This concurrent resolution designates January 24-30, 2021 as Certified Registered Nurse Anesthetists' (CRNA) Week in the State of Delaware.
In 2021, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing February 12, 2021 As "world Cholangiocarcinoma Day" In Delaware.. Description: Cholangiocarcinoma, also known as bile duct cancer, is a cancer that occurs in the bile ducts in or outside the liver. This Resolution recognizes February 12, 2021 as "World Cholangiocarcinoma Day" in Delaware.
In 2021, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing The Efforts Of Volunteers In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This resolution recognizes the countless and immeasurable efforts volunteers have made throughout the COVID-19 crisis.
In 2021, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Celebrating The 109th Anniversary Of The Girl Scouts Of The Usa, The 59th Anniversary Of The Girl Scouts Of The Chesapeake Bay Council, And Proclaiming 2021 As The "year Of The Girl" In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This concurrent resolution celebrates the 109th anniversary of the Girl Scouts of the USA and 59th anniversary of the Girl Scouts of the Chesapeake Bay Council, and proclaims 2021 as the Year of the Girl in the State of Delaware.
In 2021, Delaware enrolled a bill titled: Recognizing March 21, 2021 "rock Your Socks For World Down Syndrome Day.". Description: This House Concurrent Resolution designates the 21st day of the Month of March, 2021 as Rock Your Socks for World Down Syndrome Day and celebrates the beauty and contributions that people with Down syndrome make in Delaware.
In 2021, Delaware enrolled a bill titled: Recognizing The Month Of March 2021 As Rare Kidney Disease Awareness Month In Delaware.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution recognizes March 2021 as Rare Kidney Disease Month in Delaware.
In 2021, Delaware enrolled a bill titled: Designating March 24, 2021 As "equal Pay Day" In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This House Concurrent Resolution designates March 24, 2021 as "Equal Pay Day" in the State of Delaware.
In 2021, Delaware enrolled a bill titled: Recognizing The Week Of April 11 Through April 17, 2021 As "black Maternal Health Awareness Week" In Delaware.. Description: This Resolution recognizes the week of April 11-17, 2021 as "Black Maternal Health Awareness Week" in Delaware.
In 2021, Delaware enrolled a bill titled: Recognizing The Month Of April 2021, As The Annual National Fair Housing Month In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This House Concurrent Resolution recognizes the month of April 2021, as National Fair Housing Month in the State of Delaware.
In 2021, Delaware enrolled a bill titled: Designating The Month Of May As "national Nurses Month" In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This resolution designates the month of May as "National Nurses Month" in Delaware.
In 2021, Delaware enrolled a bill titled: Recognizing The Month Of April 2021 As "national Donate Life Month" In Delaware.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution recognizes the month of April 2021 as "National Donate Life Month" in Delaware.
In 2021, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Modernizing Delawares Education Funding System.. Description: This Resolution: 1) Celebrates Senate Bill No. 56 and the immediate investment of targeted funding for student needs; 2) Describes the need for additional action from the General Assembly to update and modernize remaining underlying education funding issues; 3) Requires the Department of Education to report information to help illuminate systemic inequities in the current education funding system to inform future legislative proposals.
In 2021, Delaware enrolled a bill titled: Recognizing May 17, 2021 As The 67th Anniversary Of Brown V. Board Of Education Of Topeka.. Description: This Resolution recognizes May 17, 2021 as the 67th anniversary of Brown v. Board of Education of Topeka.
In 2021, Delaware enrolled a bill titled: Recognizing The Month Of May 2021 As Mental Health Awareness Month.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution recognizes the month of May 2021 as Mental Health Awareness Month.
In 2021, Delaware enrolled a bill titled: Recognizing The Holy Month Of Ramadan And Muslim Residents Of This State As They Observe Ramadan.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution recognizes Ramadan and Muslim residents of this State as they observe Ramadan.
In 2021, Delaware enrolled a bill titled: A Resolution Commending The Work Of The Nccpd Behavioral Health Unit And Urging Law Enforcement Agencies Throughout The State To Adopt A Similar Unit.. Description: This Resolution commends the work of the New Castle County Police Department Behavioral Health Unit and urges law enforcement agencies throughout the State to adopt a similar unit.
In 2021, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Establishing The Subdivision Street Funding Task Force.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution establishes the Subdivision Street Funding Task Force to study and make findings and recommendations regarding funding and implementing the needed maintenance and reconstruction of subdivision streets identified by the Department of Transportation in the Subdivision Street Report and Analysis provided in response to House Concurrent Resolution No. 4 (151st General Assembly).
In 2021, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Acknowledging June 2021 As Lgbtq+ Pride Month In Delaware.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution acknowledges June 2021 as LGBTQ+ Pride Month in the State of Delaware.
In 2021, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Honoring Melissa Hopkins For Being Named Delaware's 2021 Mother Of The Year.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution congratulates Melissa Hopkins for receiving Delaware's Mother of the Year Award.
In 2021, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Providing The Redistricting Process For The Delaware House Of Representatives And The Delaware State Senate.. Description: This House Concurrent Resolution provides for an open redistricting process that allows for public participation in the 2021 redistricting process. Additionally, this House Concurrent Resolution calls for specific guidelines that the House of Representatives and the Senate should follow during their redistricting processes. It sets November 7th as the final deadline for the redistricting processes to be completed in order to provide new legislative boundaries one year before Election Day 2021.
In 2021, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing Child Tax Credit Awareness Day The State Of Delaware.. Description: This resolution recognizes June 21st, 2021 as Child Tax Credit Awareness Day.
In 2021, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Commending Rebecca Louise Vitelli Representing The Colonial School District For Being Selected As Delaware's State Teacher Of The Year For 2020 And Commending Each School District's Teacher Of The Year.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution commends the 2020 Delaware State Teacher of the Year, Rebecca Louise Vitelli, and all of the District Teachers of the Year.
In 2021, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Commending The Students Selected As Secretary Of Education Scholars For 2020.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution commends and congratulates the Secretary of Education Scholars for 2020.
In 2021, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Commending Kimberly Stock Representing The Red Clay School District For Being Selected As Delaware's State Teacher Of The Year For 2021 And Commending Each School District's Teacher Of The Year.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution commends the 2021 Delaware State Teacher of the Year, Kimberly Stock, and all of the District Teachers of the Year.
In 2021, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Commending The Students Selected As Secretary Of Education Scholars For 2021.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution commends and congratulates the Secretary of Education Scholars for 2021.
In 2021, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Establishing A Date For The Delaware Volunteer Firefighters' Association (dvfa) To Report Findings Back To The 151st General Assembly.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution establishes a date for the Delaware Volunteer Firefighters' Association (DVFA) to report findings back to the 151st General Assembly.
In 2021, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Creating The "justice Forty Oversight Committee.". Description: This Concurrent Resolution creates the Justice Forty Oversight Committee to study and make findings and recommendations regarding environmental justice in this State.
In 2021, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Encouraging That Fireworks Should Be Used Safely, Lawfully, And With Mindfulness Of The Impact On Neighbors.. Description: This resolution encourages compliance with Delaware laws relating to fireworks or similar items and mindfulness regarding the potential negative impacts on neighbors from the use of fireworks or similar items, including Delawareans with post-traumatic stress disorder, children, and service animals.
In 2021, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Requesting An Advisory Opinion Of The Justices Of The Delaware Supreme Court Regarding The Proper Construction Of § 13 Of Article Iii Of The Delaware Constitution And Enabling A Joint Committee To Determine The Process To Be Used To Remove An Elected Official Pursuant To § 13 Of Article Iii Of The Delaware Constitution.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution requests an advisory opinion of the Justices of the Delaware Supreme Court regarding the proper construction of § 13 of Article III of the Delaware Constitution. This Resolution also tasks the Judiciary Committee of the House and Senate who shall meet jointly on or before December 17, 2021 to determine the process to be used to decide if reasonable cause exists for the removal of an elected official pursuant to § 13 of Article III of the Delaware Constitution.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing The Month Of January 2022 As "human Trafficking Awareness Month" In Delaware.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution recognizes January 2022 as Human Trafficking Awareness Month in Delaware.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing February 12, 2022 As "world Cholangiocarcinoma Day" In Delaware.. Description: Cholangiocarcinoma, also known as bile duct cancer, is a cancer that occurs in the bile ducts in or outside the liver. This Resolution recognizes February 12, 2022 as "World Cholangiocarcinoma Day" in Delaware.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Providing That A Joint Session Of The House Of Representatives And The Senate Be Convened For The Purpose Of Receiving The Annual State Of The State Address By The Honorable John C. Carney, Governor Of The State Of Delaware.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution provides for a Joint Session of the House of Representatives and the Senate to be convened for the purpose of hearing an address by the Honorable John C. Carney, Governor of the State of Delaware.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing January 27th, 2022 As International Holocaust Remembrance Day.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution recognizes January 27th, 2022 as International Holocaust Remembrance Day.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Designating February 28, 2022, As "rare Disease Day" In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This House Concurrent Resolution recognizes February 28, 2022, as "Rare Disease Day" in Delaware.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing February 2022 As Seasonal Affective Disorder Awareness Month.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution declares the month of February 2022 as Seasonal Affective Disorder Awareness Month.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing Delaware Saves Week 2022.. Description: This resolution recognizes the week of February 21st as Delaware Saves Week.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing The 50th Anniversary Of The Middletown Area Chamber Of Commerce.. Description: This Resolution recognizes the 50th anniversary of the Middletown Area Chamber of Commerce.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Designating January 23-29, 2022 As Certified Registered Nurse Anesthetists' Week In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This concurrent resolution designates January 23-29, 2022 as Certified Registered Nurse Anesthetists' (CRNA) Week in the State of Delaware.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Designating March 8th, 2022 As International Womens Day In Delaware.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution designates March 8th, 2022 as International Womens Day in Delaware.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Supporting Ukraine In Its War Against The Invasion By The Russian Federation.. Description: This Resolution expresses the General Assembly's strong support for Ukraine in its war against the invasion by the Russian Federation (Russia) and for the severe economic sanctions imposed on Russia by President Biden's administration. This Resolution further demands that Russia immediately cease its violent, illegal, and immoral assault on the sovereign nation of Ukraine.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing The Growing Need For Behavioral Health Workers And Requesting Recommendations For Growing Our Workforce.. Description: This Resolution recognizes the need for more behavioral health professionals in Delaware and requests the Department of Education to develop recommendations that would improve the current educational opportunities in Delaware for students interested in behavioral health careers.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Designating The Week Of February 21 - 25, 2022 As Public Schools Week And Honoring Delawares Educators And Staff.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution designates the week of February 21 - 25, 2022, as PUBLIC SCHOOLS WEEK and commends educators and staff for their efforts with the unprecedented challenges faced due to COVID-19 virus.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Commemorating The Celebration Of St. Patrick's Day.. Description: This concurrent resolution celebrates St. Patrick's Day.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing The 50th Anniversary Of Authorization Of The Delaware Professional Engineers' Act And Formation Of The Delaware Association Of Professional Engineers.. Description: This resolution recognizes the 50th anniversary of the Delaware Professional Engineers' Act and formation of the Delaware Association of Professional Engineers.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Honoring The 2021-2022 University Of Delaware Womens And Mens Basketball Teams Upon Both Teams Winning The Colonial Athletic Association (caa) Championship.. Description: This House Concurrent Resolution honors the 2021-2022 University of Delaware Mens and Womens Basketball Teams winning the Colonial Athletic Association (CAA) Championships. It also marks the first time that both teams will be heading to the NCAA tournament in the same season.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Proclaiming The Month Of April 2022 As Sikh Awareness And Appreciation Month In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This House Concurrent Resolution proclaims the month of April 2022 as Sikh Awareness and Appreciation Month in the State of Delaware.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing March 21, 2022 "rock Your Socks For World Down Syndrome Day.". Description: This House Concurrent Resolution designates the 21st day of the Month of March, 2022 as Rock Your Socks for World Down Syndrome Day and celebrates the beauty and contributions that people with Down syndrome make in Delaware.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Honoring Cheer, Inc. For Providing Invaluable And Irreplaceable Services For Our Senior Population.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution recognizes the impact of CHEER, a nonprofit organization that has provided seniors in Delaware with critical services for over half a century.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing The Holy Month Of Ramadan And Muslim Residents Of This State As They Observe Ramadan.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution recognizes Ramadan and Muslim residents of this State as they observe Ramadan.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing March 26, 2022, As "epilepsy Awareness Day And Requesting The Governor To Issue A Proclamation For The Occasion.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution recognizes March 26, 2022, as Epilepsy Awareness Day and requests that the Governor issue a proclamation declaring the same. The Resolution encourages the State agencies and all Delawareans to undertake suitable efforts to increase epilepsy awareness throughout the State of Delaware.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Designating March 24th As Delaware Women And Girls Stem Day.. Description: This Resolution designates March 24th as Delaware Women and Girls STEM Day to celebrate and empower women and girls in STEM fields and promote STEM literacy and education in Delaware.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Celebrating March 22 Through March 28, Annually, As "world Doula Week" In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This Resolution celebrates March 22nd through March 28th, annually, as "World Doula Week" in the State of Delaware.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Proclaiming The Month Of April 2022 As Financial Literacy Month".. Description: This House Concurrent Resolution proclaims the month of April 2022 as Financial Literacy Month, in the State of Delaware.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing April 3rd-9th As National Library Week In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution designates the week of April 3rd-9th, 2022, as National Library Week and calls upon Delawareans to support libraries.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing April 6, 2022 As Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority Or "aka Day At The Capitol" In Delaware.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution recognizes April 6, 2022 as Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority or AKA Day at the Capitol in Delaware.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Celebrating Demec Day And Recognizing The Delaware Municipal Electric Corporation And The Community-owned Not For Profit Electric Utilities Throughout Delaware.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution recognizes the Delaware Municipal Electric Corporation and community-owned, not-for-profit electric utilities throughout Delaware for their dedication to serving their communities with energy saving programs and carbon reduction projects. This Resolution also celebrates DEMECs upcoming 43rd anniversary and over 100 years of reliable electric service from Delawares local public power utilities by proclaiming April 13, 2022, as DEMEC Day.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Designating April 26, 2022, As Kalmar Nyckel, Tall Ship Day In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution designates April 26th, 2022 as Kalmar Nyckel, Tall Ship Day in Delaware.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing The Easterseals/cai Volleyball Challenge And The Volleyball Ambassador, Stella Rummel-ashlock In The 16th Year Of Democrat And Republican Team Participation.. Description: This resolution recognizes the Easterseals/CAI Volleyball Challenge occurring May 14 at William Penn High School, an event that raises funds for an organization providing services and support to Delawareans with disabilities and senior citizens and their families.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing The Crucial Work Of Delawares Three Federally Qualified Health Centers; Henrietta Johnson Medical Center, La Red Health Center, And Westside Family Healthcare.. Description: This Resolution recognizes the work of all three of Delawares Federally Qualified Health Centers.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Designating May 4, 2022 As "4-h Day" In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution designates May 4, 2022 as "4-H Day" in the State of Delaware and calls upon Delaware's citizens to recognize the many contributions of the State's 4-H programs.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing May 1-7, 2022 As "teacher Appreciation Week".. Description: This resolution recognizes the week of May 1-7, 2022 as Teacher Appreciation Week.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing The Month Of May 2022 As Mental Health Awareness Month.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution recognizes the month of May 2022 as Mental Health Awareness Month.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Proclaiming The Week Of May 15 Through May 21, 2022 As Delaware Grown Week.. Description: This concurrent resolution proclaims the week of May 15-21, 2022 as Delaware Grown Week. It has been eight years since the General Assembly first partnered with the Delaware Department of Agriculture to establish this annual observation to facilitate better, healthier relationships between Delaware farmers and local consumers. Successful passage of this resolution will continue this worthy collaboration.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Designating The Month Of May As "national Nurses Month" In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This resolution designates the month of May as "National Nurses Month" in Delaware.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Commending Jahsha Tabron Representing The Brandywine School District For Being Selected As Delaware's State Teacher Of The Year For 2022 And Commending Each School District's Teacher Of The Year.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution commends the 2022 Delaware State Teacher of the Year, Jahsha Tabron, and all of the District Teachers of the Year.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing May 11, 2022 As School Nurse Appreciation Day. Description: This resolution recognizes May 11, 2022 as School Nurse Appreciation Day in Delaware.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Requesting Data On Where Delaware Schools Are In The Implementation Of Full Mental Health Services In Delaware Schools.. Description: This concurrent resolution requests that the Department of Education provide information on the current mental health care workforce within Delaware schools and what progress is being made to meet ratios established in HB 100.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing May 29th As De529 Day.. Description: This resolution recognizes May 29th as DE529 Day.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Commending David Thomas Representing The Lake Forest School District For Being Selected As Delaware's Educational Support Professional Of The Year For 2022 And Commending Each School District And Charter Network's Educational Support Professional Of The Year.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution commends the 2022 Delaware Educational Support Professional of the Year, David Thomas, and all of the District/Charter Network Educational Support Professionals of the Year.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing May 17, 2022, As Delta Day At The Delaware Capital.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution recognizes the contributions of the Delta Sigma Theta Sorority chapters in the State of Delaware and declares May 17, 2022, to be Delta Day at the Delaware Capital.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing May 22, 2022, As World Preeclampsia Day.. Description: This Resolution recognizes World Preeclampsia Day on May 22, 2022.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Encouraging The General Assembly To Prioritize Funding For Social Emotional Learning In Schools And To Work Collaboratively With The Department Of Education To Promote Social Emotional Learning.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution encourages the General Assembly to prioritize funding for Social Emotional Learning (SEL) in schools, and to work collaboratively with the Delaware Department of Education and other stakeholders to promote the use of SEL in school districts and charter schools.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Celebrating The 125th Anniversary Of The Constitution Of The State Of Delaware.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution celebrates the 125th Anniversary of the Constitution of the State of Delaware.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Encouraging The Department Of Education To Identify Age-appropriate Lessons For Students In Grades 7-12 Relating To Lgbtq+ History.. Description: This concurrent resolution encourages the Department of Education, in consultation with key stakeholders, to identify age-appropriate lessons for students in grades 7-12 related to LGBTQ+ history by the start of 2024-25 school year. It also encourages the Department of Education to survey school districts and charter schools regarding the utilization of related materials and short lessons by the end of the 2024-25 school year.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Directing The Delaware State Housing Authority To Conduct A Comprehensive Statewide Housing Assessment.. Description: This concurrent resolution requests that the Delaware State Housing Authority (DSHA) conduct a comprehensive statewide assessment of affordable housing, particularly for moderate and low income families and first-time home buyers, including existing and proposed DSHA loan and grant programs and provide this assessment to the General Assembly no later than January 1, 2023.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Resolution Supporting The Signing Of A Bilateral Trade Agreement (bta) Between The United States And The Republic Of China (taiwan), Strengthening The Sisterhood Partnership Between The State Of Delaware And Taiwan, And Reaffirming Support For Taiwans Meaningful Participation And Contributions In International Organizations. Description: Resolution Supporting The Signing Of A Bilateral Trade Agreement (bta) Between The United States And The Republic Of China (taiwan), Strengthening The Sisterhood Partnership Between The State Of Delaware And Taiwan, And Reaffirming Support For Taiwans Meaningful Participation And Contributions In International Organizations
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing June 2022 As "post-traumatic Stress Injury Month" And June 27, 2022 As "post-traumatic Stress Injury Day".. Description: This Resolution recognizes June 2022 as Post-Traumatic Stress Injury Month and June 27, 2022, as Post-Traumatic Stress Injury Day, and encourages State agencies to continue their work educating victims of assault or abuse, combat, serious accidents, and natural disasters about the causes, symptoms, and treatment of PTSI.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing June 15, 2022, As "delaware Elder Abuse Awareness Day".. Description: This Concurrent Resolution recognizes June 15, 2022, as "Delaware Elder Abuse Awareness Day" and encourages all of Delaware's citizens to learn about how to protect and nurture our elderly citizens.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing The Young Men From Across The State Of Delaware Participating In The 2022 Session Of Delawares Boys State.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution recognizes the young men participating in the 2022 session of Delawares Boys State and commends its sponsor, the American Legion Department of Delaware.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Commending Rosa Dipiazza Representing The Milford School District For Being Selected As Delaware's Behavioral Health Professional Of The Year For 2022 And Commending Each School District And Charter Network's Behavioral Health Professional Of The Year.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution commends the 2022 Delaware Behavioral Health Professional of the Year, Rosa DiPiazza, and all of the District/Charter Network Behavioral Health Professionals of the Year.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing June 21, 2022 As "dr. Rebecca Lee Crumpler Day" In Delaware.. Description: This concurrent resolution recognizes June 21, 2022 as "Dr. Rebecca Lee Crumpler Day" in Delaware.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Supporting The Designation Of July 2022 As Uterine Fibroids Awareness Month.. Description: This Resolution designates July 2022 as "Uterine Fibroids Awareness Month" and encourages public awareness of the effects of fibroids on many individuals' lives.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Acknowledging June 2022 As Lgbtq+ Pride Month In Delaware.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution acknowledges June 2022 as LGBTQ+ Pride Month in the State of Delaware.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing June 19, 2022 As "juneteenth Independence Day" In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This resolution proclaims June 19, 2022 as Juneteenth Independence Day in Delaware and encourages the people of Delaware to reflect upon the significant roles and many contributions of African Americans and to celebrate this day with appropriate activities and events.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing The Month Of October 2022 As Breast Cancer Awareness Month.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution recognizes the month of October 2022 as Breast Cancer Awareness Month.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Honoring The Young Women From Across The State Of Delaware Participating In The 2022 Session Of Delaware Girls State.. Description: This concurrent resolution recognizes and honors the young women of Delaware participating in the 2022 session of Delaware Girls State.
In 2021, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing June 15, 2021, As "delaware Elder Abuse Awareness Day".. Description: This Concurrent Resolution recognizes June 15, 2021, as "Delaware Elder Abuse Awareness Day" and encourages all of Delaware's citizens to learn about how to protect and nurture our elderly citizens.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Directing The Office Of Medical Marijuana To Hold Quarterly Stakeholder Meetings.. Description: This House Concurrent Resolution establishes a medical marijuana stakeholder group, responsible to meet at least quarterly and discuss timely and appropriate issues dealing with the Medical Marijuana Program in Delaware.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Commending The Students Selected As Secretary Of Education Scholars For 2022.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution commends and congratulates the Secretary of Education Scholars for 2022.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing June As Caribbean American Heritage Month In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This concurrent resolution recognizes the month of June 2022 as Caribbean American Heritage Month in the State of Delaware.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing The 38 Years Of Service Of The Family Law Commission And Its Many Dedicated Members Who Served On The Commission.. Description: This House Concurrent Resolution recognizes the 38 years of service of the Family Law Commission and its many dedicated members who served on the Commission.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Supporting The Adoption Of Rules By The House Of Representatives And The Senate Regarding Implicit Bias And Cultural Competency Training.. Description: This House Concurrent Resolution seeks to have both the House of Representatives and Senate consider amending their respective Rules , once the 152nd General Assembly assembles and convenes, for purposes of adding mandatory training, for all members, in evidence based implicit bias and cultural competency, similar to both Chambers current Rules in regard to sexual and workplace harassment.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Designating September 2022 As Alopecia Awareness Month In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This concurrent resolution recognizes the month of September 2022 as Alopecia Awareness Month.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing African American Task Forces Economic Opportunity Subcommittee In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This concurrent resolution commends the African American Task Forces Economic Opportunity Subcommittee in the State of Delaware and requests the General Assembly to pass legislation requiring the Investment Committee of the Board of Pension Trustees to use Black asset-managers, Black-owned financial institutions, and Black-owned financial or professional service firms for the investment of at least 25% of the total dollar amount of the funds under its management.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Establishing The Long-term Care And Memory Care Task Force.. Description: This concurrent resolution establishes the Long-Term Care and Memory Care Task Force.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing The Month Of June As National Homeownership Month In Delaware.. Description: This resolution recognizes June 2022 as National Homeownership Month in Delaware.
In 2021, Delaware enrolled a bill titled: Providing For A Joint Session Of The Senate And The House Of Representatives For The Purpose Of Announcing The Vote For Governor And Lt. Governor Of The State Of Delaware.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution provides for a Joint Session of the Senate and the House of Representatives to be convened for the purpose of announcing the vote for Governor and Lieutenant Governor of the State of Delaware.
In 2021, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Honoring The Life And Work Of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. On The Occasion Of "dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Day".. Description: This Senate Concurrent Resolution honors and recognizes the leadership and achievements of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. and urges all citizens of the First State to participate fittingly in the observance of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. Day on January 18, 2021.
In 2021, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Honoring Kamala Devi Harris For Her Service And Inspiration To The State Of Delaware.. Description: This resolution honors Vice President-elect Kamala D. Harris for her service and dedication to the United States of America and the inspiration she provides to women and people of color, and offers appreciation and support for her historic Vice Presidency.
In 2021, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Proclaiming January 23, 2021, As "maternal Health Awareness Day" In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This Senate Concurrent Resolution proclaims January 23, 2021, as "Maternal Health Awareness Day" in the State of Delaware.
In 2021, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Providing For A Joint Session Of The Senate And The House Of Representatives To Be Convened For The Purpose Of Hearing An Address By The Honorable John C. Carney, Jr., Governor Of The State Of Delaware.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution provides for a Joint Session of the Senate and the House of Representatives to be convened for the purpose of hearing an address by the Honorable John C. Carney, Jr., Governor of the State of Delaware.
In 2021, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing January 9, 2021, As "law Enforcement Appreciation Day" In Delaware.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution recognizes January 9, 2021, as "Law Enforcement Appreciation Day" in Delaware.
In 2021, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing March 4, 2021 As "delaware Giving Day.". Description: This Senate Concurrent Resolution designates March 4, 2021 as "Delaware Giving Day."
In 2021, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Declaring Gun Violence A Public Health Crisis.. Description: This Senate Concurrent Resolution declares that gun violence is a public health crisis, that ending the gun violence devastating Delaware is a policy priority, and supporting policy and legislative solutions that will make schools safe, confront armed hate and extremism, prevent suicide, and center and support survivors of gun violence.
In 2021, Delaware enrolled a bill titled: Celebrating The 40th Anniversary Of The Food Bank Of Delaware.. Description: This resolution commends the Food Bank of Delaware on its 40th anniversary and for its contributions toward ending hunger and resolving the root causes of poverty in the State of Delaware through its increased statewide impact.
In 2021, Delaware enrolled a bill titled: Recognizing March 29, 2021 As "national Vietnam War Veterans Day In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution recognizes March 29, 2021 as "National Vietnam War Veterans Day" in Delaware.
In 2021, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Proclaiming The Month Of April 2021 As Sikh Awareness And Appreciation Month In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This Senate Concurrent Resolution proclaims the month of April 2021 as Sikh Awareness and Appreciation Month in the State of Delaware.
In 2021, Delaware enrolled a bill titled: Recognizing The Month Of May 2021 As "healthy Vision Month" In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This concurrent resolution recognizes the month of May 2021 as "Healthy Vision Month" in the State of Delaware.
In 2021, Delaware enrolled a bill titled: Recognizing November 2021 As "autoimmune Disease Awareness Month" In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution recognizes November 2021 as "Autoimmune Disease Awareness Month" in the State of Delaware.
In 2021, Delaware enrolled a bill titled: Recognizing April 2021 As "child Abuse Prevention Month" In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This Resolution recognizes April 2021 as "Child Abuse Prevention Month" in the State of Delaware.
In 2021, Delaware enrolled a bill titled: Proclaiming October 2021 "dysautonomia Awareness Month" In The State Of Delaware.. Description: Dysautonomia is a group of medical conditions that result in a malfunction of the autonomic nervous system, which is responsible for automatic bodily functions such as respiration, heart rate, blood pressure, digestion, temperature control, and more. This Resolution proclaims October 2021 "Dysautonomia Awareness Month" in the State of Delaware.
In 2021, Delaware enrolled a bill titled: Designating The Month Of March As "eating Disorders Awareness And Prevention Month" In Delaware.. Description: This Senate Resolution designates March as "Eating Disorders Awareness and Prevention Month" in Delaware and encourages the Department of Health and Social Services to research methods to prevent and raise awareness of eating disorders.
In 2021, Delaware enrolled a bill titled: Recognizing March 18 As National Public Defense Day.. Description: This resolution recognizes the importance of providing effective counsel to all who are accused, commends the important role played by the Office of Defense Services in fulfilling that mission, and recognizes March 18 as National Public Defense Day.
In 2021, Delaware enrolled a bill titled: Recognizing September 2021 As "prostate Cancer Awareness" Month In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution recognizes September 2021 as "Prostate Cancer Awareness Month" in the State of Delaware
In 2021, Delaware enrolled a bill titled: Recognizing The Month Of April 2021 As "parkinson's Disease Awareness Month" In The State Of The Delaware.. Description: This Resolution recognizes April 2021 as "Parkinson's Disease Awareness Month" in the State of Delaware.
In 2021, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing April 18, 2021 As "national Lineman Appreciation Day" In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This Senate Concurrent Resolution recognizes April 18, 2021 as "National Lineman Appreciation Day" in the State of Delaware.
In 2021, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Commemorating The Outstanding Achievements And Contributions Made By Scottish-americans To The United States By Proclaiming April 6, 2021 As National Tartan Day.. Description: This resolution designates April 6, 2021 as "National Tartan Day" and commemorates the outstanding achievements and contributions made by Scottish-Americans to the United States.
In 2021, Delaware enrolled a bill titled: Recognizing April 10 Through 16, 2021, As "week Of The Young Child" In Delaware.. Description: This resolution recognizes April 10 through 16, 2021 as "Week of the Young Child" in Delaware.
In 2021, Delaware enrolled a bill titled: Recognizing April 18-24, 2021, As "crime Victims' Rights Week" In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution recognizes April 18-24, 2021, as "Crime Victims' Rights Week" in the State of Delaware. Please visit the following websites for more information on Crime Victims Rights Week and the resources available to victims and survivors of crime.
In 2021, Delaware enrolled a bill titled: Designating April As Volunteer Month In Delaware.. Description: This Senate Concurrent Resolution designates the month of April as Volunteer Month in Delaware.
In 2021, Delaware enrolled a bill titled: Recognizing Long-term Care Workers And Facilities In Delaware And Designating May 9 Through 15, 2021 As Skilled Nursing Care Week In Delaware.. Description: This resolution recognizes long-term care workers and facilities in Delaware and designates May 9 through 15, 2021 as Skilled Nursing Care Week in Delaware.
In 2021, Delaware enrolled a bill titled: Proclaiming April 2021 As "second Chance Month" In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This Senate Concurrent Resolutions proclaims April 2021 as "Second Chance Month" in the State of Delaware.
In 2021, Delaware enrolled a bill titled: Recognizing April 26 - May 1, 2021 As "auctioneers Week" In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This resolution recognizes April 26 - May 1, 2021 as "Auctioneers Week" in the State of Delaware.
In 2021, Delaware enrolled a bill titled: Designating The Month Of May 2021 As "lyme Disease Awareness Month" In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This concurrent resolution designates the month of May 2021 as "Lyme Disease Awareness Month" in the State of Delaware.
In 2021, Delaware enrolled a bill titled: Proclaiming May 2021 "cystic Fibrosis Awareness Month" In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This resolution proclaims May 2021 "Cystic Fibrosis Awareness Month" in the State of Delaware.
In 2021, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The United States Congress Approve Delaware's Community Project Fund Request For Fiscal Year 2022 To Provide Funding For The Statewide Violence Reduction Program Through The Criminal Justice Council To Reduce Preventable Community Gun Violence Using Evidence-based Strategies.. Description: This Senate Concurrent Resolution requests that the United States Congress approve Delawares Community Project Fund request for fiscal year 2022 allocating funding to the Statewide Violence Reduction program, to be administered through the Delaware Criminal Justice Council. This fund will provide resources to evidence-based programs for gun violence intervention and prevention statewide, including the Group Violence Intervention program, community-based intervention and interruption programs, and hospital-based violence interruption, as well as prevention programs.
In 2021, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Urging The President Of The United States To Designate A State Funeral For The Final Medal Of Honor Recipient From World War Ii.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution urges the President of the United States to designate a State Funeral at the time appropriate for the final Medal of Honor recipient from World War II.
In 2021, Delaware enrolled a bill titled: Recognizing May 5, 2021 As Maternal Mental Health Awareness Day.. Description: This resolution recognizes May 5, 2021, as Maternal Mental Health Awareness Day in Delaware.
In 2021, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Directing The Department Of Education And The Delaware Early Childhood Council To Create A State Target Compensation Scale And Professional Career Pathway For Early Childhood Care Educators Who Teach Ages Birth Through Five.. Description: This resolution directs the Delaware Department of Education and the Delaware Early Childhood Council to create a state target compensation scale and professional career pathway for early child care educators who teach ages birth through five years and issue a comprehensive written report by December 1, 2021.
In 2021, Delaware enrolled a bill titled: Designating May 2  9, 2021, As Tardive Dyskinesia Awareness Week In Delaware.. Description: This resolution designates May 2-9, 2021, as "Tardive Dyskinesia Awareness Week" in Delaware.
In 2021, Delaware enrolled a bill titled: Designating The Week Of May 10, 2021 To May 16, 2021 As National Charter Schools Week.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution designates the week of May 10, 2021 to May 16, 2021 as National Charter Schools Week and commends Delaware's charter public schools for their efforts in educating Delaware students.
In 2021, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing Law Enforcement Officers Killed And Injured In The Line Of Duty.. Description: This resolution recognizes law enforcement officers killed and injured in the line of duty.
In 2021, Delaware enrolled a bill titled: Honoring Corporal Keith Andrew Heacook And Offering Condolences To His Family, Colleagues, And Community.. Description: This resolution honors Corporal Keith Andrew Heacook and offers condolences to his family, colleagues, and community.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Proclaiming The Week Of February 7-14, 2022, As Congenital Heart Defects Awareness Week In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This concurrent resolution proclaims February 7-14, 2022, as Congenital Heart Defects Awareness Week in Delaware.
In 2021, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Directing The Secretary Of The Department Of Human Resources To Use Departmental Authority Through The Merit Rules And The State Budget Act To Focus Centralization Efforts Across State Executive Branch Agencies To Evaluate Equity In Compensation And Salary, With Starting Rates On Initial Appointment And The Advanced Starting Salary Procedure, Including In The Context Of Race And Gender, And Issue A Report On Progress To The General Assembly.. Description: This resolution directs the Secretary of the Department of Human Resources to cause the Department to instruct Executive agency human resources to conduct an equity review and analysis for every employee new hire or new promotion across State Executive Branch agencies, including whether there are gender or racial inequities, utilizing the States advanced starting salary procedure, when reviewing the starting rate on initial appointment. The Secretary and the Department are also directed to develop a plan to remedy any inequities and issue a comprehensive written progress report to the General Assembly on or before October 30, 2021.
In 2021, Delaware enrolled a bill titled: Creating An Aging-in-place Working Group To Develop Recommendations Related To Home And Community Based Services.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution creates an Aging-in-Place Working Group that will develop a plan to guide policies designed to promote successful aging-in-place for seniors in Delaware. The group will deliver preliminary recommendations to the General Assembly by March 30, 2022.
In 2021, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Continuing And Reorganizing The Motorcycle Rider Education Advisory Committee.. Description: This Senate Concurrent Resolution continues the Motorcycle Rider Education Advisory Committee, which must meet at least quarterly to monitor the Motorcycle Rider Education Program, and assess the future needs of and recommend improvements to the Program.
In 2021, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing Cheer For 50 Years Of Service To Delaware Seniors.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution recognizes the 50th anniversary of CHEER, a nonprofit organization that has provided seniors in Sussex County with critical services for half a century.
In 2021, Delaware enrolled a bill titled: Extending The Reporting Date Of The Non-acute Patient Medical Guardianship Task Force.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution extends the reporting date of the Non-Acute Patient Medical Guardianship Task Force from June 1, 2021 to August 1, 2021.
In 2021, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing The Month Of June 2021 As Myasthenia Gravis Awareness Month.. Description: This resolution recognizes the month of June 2021 as Myasthenia Gravis Awareness Month.
In 2021, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Directing The Department Of Health And Social Services To Produce An Annual Report On The Status Of Delaware's Home Visiting Programs.. Description: This Senate Concurrent Resolution establishes the purpose and protocol for the creation of an annual report on home visiting programs in Delaware. The report is to be prepared by the Department of Health and Social Services in consultation with the Department of Education and the Delaware Home Visiting Community Advisory Board for review by the Governor, the Delaware State Senate, the Delaware State House of Representatives, the Delaware Kids' Caucus, and the Delaware Early Childhood Council no later than December 1 of each year, and is to include a summary of current practices and challenges, as well as program recommendations.
In 2021, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Continuing To Raise Awareness That The Month Of May Is "melanoma And Skin Cancer Detection And Prevention" Month In Delaware. Description: This resolution raises awareness that the month of May is Melanoma and Skin Cancer Detection and Prevention Month in Delaware and celebrates ongoing research that lowers melanoma rates.
In 2021, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Honoring Uso Delaware For Its Important And Inspiring Work Supporting Military Members And Their Families.. Description: This resolution honors USO Delaware for their important and inspiring work supporting military members and their families.
In 2021, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Designating October 18-24, 2021 As "free Speech Week" In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This resolution designates October 18-24, 2021 as "Free Speech Week" in the State of Delaware.
In 2021, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing The Young Men From Across The State Of Delaware Participating In The 2021 Session Of Delawares Boys State.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution recognizes the young men participating in the 2021 session of Delawares Boys State and commends its sponsor, the American Legion Department of Delaware.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Extending The Reporting Date Of The Aging-in-place Working Group.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution extends the reporting date of the Aging-in-Place Working Group from March 30, 2022, to April 29, 2022.
In 2021, Delaware enrolled a bill titled: Directing The Department Of Education To Establish Consistent Regulations For Child Care Licensing, The Early Childhood Assistance Program, And The Quality Rating And Improvement System.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution directs the Delaware Department of Education to establish consistent regulations across the States early child care providers and programs. It also directs the Department to engage stakeholders in this process, and to make recommendations to the General Assembly by October 1, 2022, and propose necessary code revisions by January 1, 2023.
In 2021, Delaware enrolled a bill titled: Directing The General Assembly To Work With Delaware's Department Of Natural Resources & Environmental Control And The Delaware Solid Waste Authority To Identify A New Funding Source For The Recycling Grants Program And Encouraging Education And Outreach On The Importance Of Recycling Electronic Devices.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution directs the General Assembly to work with DNREC, DSWA, and RPAC to identify funding for the Recycling Grants and Low Interest Loan Program. It also encourages further outreach and education on the importance of recycling electronic devices.
In 2021, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Designating The Month Of June 2021, As National Immigrant Heritage Month In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This resolution designates June 2021, as "National Immigrant Heritage Month" in Delaware.
In 2021, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing The Month Of July 2021 As Uterine Fibroids Awareness Month. Description: This resolution recognizes July 2021 as Uterine Fibroids Awareness Month in Delaware
In 2021, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Congratulating The Class Of 2019-2020 Eagle Scouts For Having Attained The Highest Rank One Can Earn In The Boy Scouts Of America.. Description: This resolution congratulates the class 2019-2020 Eagle Scouts for having attained the highest rank one can earn in the Boy Scouts of America.
In 2021, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Honoring The Delaware Volunteer Firefighters Association For A Century Of Distinguished Service To The Citizens Of Delaware.. Description: This Senate Concurrent Resolution honors the Delaware Volunteer Firefighters Association for a century of service to the citizens of Delaware.
In 2021, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Honoring Sean Locke And Increasing Awareness For The Need For More Mental Health Resources.. Description: This resolution honors the life of Sean Locke and recognizes all loss survivors of suicide. It further urges increased awareness of the need for more mental health resources for those suffering from depression and increased support for the loss survivors. This resolution further honors the life and memory of Sean Locke.
In 2021, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing June As "alzheimer's And Brain Awareness Month" In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This concurrent resolution recognizes June as "Alzheimer's and Brain Awareness Month" in Delaware.
In 2021, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Requesting An Advisory Opinion Of The Justices Of The Delaware Supreme Court Regarding The Proper Construction Of § 13 Of Article Iii Of The Delaware Constitution.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution requests an advisory opinion of the Justices of the Delaware Supreme Court regarding the proper construction of § 13 of Article III of the Delaware Constitution.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing January 9, 2022, As "law Enforcement Appreciation Day" In Delaware.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution recognizes January 9, 2022, as "Law Enforcement Appreciation Day" in Delaware.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Honoring The Life And Work Of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. On The Occasion Of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Day".. Description: This Senate Concurrent Resolution honors and recognizes the leadership, achievements, and sacrifices of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. and urges all citizens of the First State to participate fittingly in the observance of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. Day on January 17, 2022.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Honoring The Memory And Service Of The Honorable Ruth Ann Minner, Former Governor Of Delaware.. Description: This concurrent resolution remembers and recognizes the life and service of former Delaware Governor Ruth Ann Minner.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Proclaiming January 23, 2022, As "maternal Health Awareness Day" In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This Senate Concurrent Resolution proclaims January 23, 2022, as "Maternal Health Awareness Day" in the State of Delaware.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing January 16, 2022 As "religious Freedom Day" In Delaware.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution recognizes January 16, 2022, as "Religious Freedom Day" in Delaware.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Urging The Secretary Of The Navy To Designate Philadelphia And Both Banks Of The Delaware River As The Site Of The Main Celebration Of The 250th Birthdays Of The United States Navy And The United States Marine Corps In October And November 2025.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution urges the Secretary of the Navy to designate Philadelphia and both banks of the Delaware River as the site of the main celebration of the 250th birthdays of the United States Navy and United States Marine Corps in October and November 2025.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Requesting That The Department Of Health And Social Services Study How Medicaid Can Provide Coverage For Prescription Digital Therapeutics.. Description: This Senate Concurrent Resolution requests that the Department of Health & Social Services explore strategies for Medicaid to provide coverage for Prescription Digital Therapeutics authorized by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration to treat substance use disorder and opioid use disorder.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Encouraging Delaware Sports Organizations To Utilize The Centralized Disciplinary Online Database, Training, And Abuse-prevention Resources Offered By The U.s Center For Safesport.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution encourages Delaware sports organizations to utilize services offered by the U.S. Center for SafeSport. This Concurrent Resolution describes the authority of SafeSport and its initiatives to protect athletes in every sport.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Designating The Month Of March As "eating Disorders Awareness And Prevention Month" In Delaware. Description: This Senate Concurrent Resolution designates March as "Eating Disorders Awareness and Prevention Month" in Delaware and encourages the Department of Health and Social Services to research methods to raise awareness of, prevent, and treat eating disorders.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing March 11, 2022 As Covid-19 Day Of Remembrance In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This resolution recognizes March 11, 2022 as COVID-19 Day of Remembrance in the State of Delaware.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing August 23rd As Random Acts Of Kindness Day In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This Senate Resolution recognizes August 23rd as "Random Acts of Kindness Day" in the State of Delaware and encourages the public to participate in random acts of kindness to increase happiness, unite the community, and increase the well-being of our residents.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Honoring Delaware Meals On Wheels For Providing Invaluable And Irreplaceable Services For Our Population. Description: This Senate Concurrent Resolution honors the Meals on Wheels program for providing invaluable and irreplaceable service to our aging population. Additionally, the Modern Maturity Center in Kent County is the program's backbone, delivering nutritious meals to seniors and individuals with disabilities at significant risk of hunger and isolation.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing The Month Of March 2022 As Rare Kidney Disease Awareness Month In Delaware.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution recognizes March 2022 as "Rare Kidney Disease Awareness Month" in Delaware.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing March 29, 2022 As "national Vietnam War Veterans Day In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution recognizes March 29, 2022 as "National Vietnam War Veterans Day" in Delaware.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing The Week Of April 11 Through April 17, 2022 As "black Maternal Health Awareness Week" In Delaware.. Description: This resolution recognizes April 11-17, 2022 as "Black Maternal Health Awareness Week" in Delaware.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Supporting The Department Of Education's Review Of The Requirements For Educator Certifications And Efforts To Strengthen These Requirements To Include Demonstrated Knowledge Of The Essential Components Of Evidence-based Reading Instruction.. Description: This Senate Concurrent Resolution supports the Department of Education's review of the requirements for educator certification and efforts to strengthen these requirements to include demonstrated knowledge of the essential components of evidence-based reading instruction, known as the "science of reading".
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing April 2 Through 9, 2022, As "week Of The Young Child" In Delaware.. Description: This resolution recognizes April 2 through 8, 2022 as Week of the Young Child in Delaware.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing The Month Of April 2022 As "parkinson's Disease Awareness Month" In The State Of The Delaware.. Description: This Resolution recognizes April 2022 as "Parkinson's Disease Awareness Month" in the State of Delaware.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing April 2022 As "child Abuse Prevention Month" In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This Resolution recognizes April 2022 as "Child Abuse Prevention Month" in the State of Delaware.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Commemorating The Outstanding Achievements And Contributions Made By Scottish-americans To The United States By Proclaiming April 6, 2022 As National Tartan Day.. Description: This resolution designates April 6, 2022 as "National Tartan Day" and commemorates the outstanding achievements and contributions made by Scottish-Americans to the United States.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing The 50th Anniversary Of Meals On Wheels Nationally And The 25th Anniversary Year Of Meals On Wheels Delaware.. Description: This resolution recognizes the 50th anniversary of Meals on Wheels nationally and the 25th anniversary of Meals on Wheels Delaware.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Designating May 1  8, 2022, As Tardive Dyskinesia Awareness Week In Delaware.. Description: This resolution designates the week of May 1-8, 2022, as "Tardive Dyskinesia Awareness Week" in Delaware.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Observing April 2022, As The 2022 Month Of The Military Child In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution observes April 2022, as the 2022 Month of the Military Child in the State of Delaware.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Proclaiming April 2022 As "second Chance Month" In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This Senate Concurrent Resolution proclaims April 2022 as "Second Chance Month" in the State of Delaware.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing Christian Holy Week And Passover In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution recognizes Christian Holy Week and Passover in the State of Delaware.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing April 24-30, 2022, As "crime Victims' Rights Week" In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution recognizes April 24-30, 2022, as "Crime Victims' Rights Week" in the State Of Delaware. Please visit the following websites for more information on Crime Victims' Rights Week and the resources available to victims and survivors of crime:
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing April 29, 2022, As "world Wish Day" In Delaware.. Description: This concurrent resolution recognizes April 29, 2022, as "World Wish Day" in Delaware.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Endorsing The Delaware Strategic Highway Safety Plan Objective Of Reducing Fatalities And Serious Injuries On Delaware's Roadways.. Description: This Senate Concurrent Resolution endorses the Delaware Strategic Highway Safety Plan's overall objective of reducing fatalities and serious injuries by 15 percent between 2021 and 2025 to ultimately reach a goal of zero fatalities and serious injuries on Delawares roadways and directs the Department of Transportation, Delaware State Police and Office of Highway Safety to adjust their programs if necessary to meet that goal.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing The Month Of April 2022, As The Annual National Fair Housing Month In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This Senate Concurrent Resolution recognizes the month of April 2022, as the National Fair Housing Month in the State of Delaware.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing April 18, 2022 As "national Line Worker Appreciation Day" In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This Senate Concurrent Resolution recognizes April 18, 2022 as "National Line Worker Appreciation Day" in the State of Delaware.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing May 2 To May 7, 2022 As "auctioneers Week" In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This resolution recognizes May 2 to May 7, 2022 as "Auctioneers Week" in the State of Delaware.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing The Month Of May 2022 As "healthy Vision Month" In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This concurrent resolution recognizes the month of May 2022 as "Healthy Vision Month" in the State of Delaware.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Designating The Month Of May 2022 As "lyme Disease Awareness Month" In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This concurrent resolution designates the month of May 2022 as "Lyme Disease Awareness Month" in the State of Delaware.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Proclaiming May 2022 "cystic Fibrosis Awareness Month" In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This resolution proclaims May 2022 "Cystic Fibrosis Awareness Month" in the State of Delaware.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Honoring Uso Delaware For Its Important And Inspiring Work Supporting Military Members And Their Families.. Description: This resolution honors USO Delaware for their important and inspiring work supporting military members and their families.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing May 2022 As "older Americans Month" In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This Senate Concurrent Resolution recognizes May 2022 as "Older Americans Month" in the State of Delaware.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing The Historic Sacrifices And Ongoing Contributions Of Delawares Direct Support Professionals Serving Vulnerable Adults.. Description: This resolution recognizes the importance of Direct Support Professionals to our state on the occasion of the May 19th Green Wave advocacy day, co-sponsored by A-Team Delaware and the Ability Network of Delaware.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing May 12, 2022, As Delaware Local Government Day In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This Senate Concurrent Resolution recognizes May 12, 2022, as Delaware Local Government Day in the State of Delaware.
In 2022, Delaware enrolled a bill titled: Proudly Standing With The Delaware State University Womens Lacrosse Team And Condemning The Actions Of The Liberty County Sheriffs Office In Hinesville, Georgia.. Description: This Resolution expresses the General Assembly's strong support for the Delaware State University Womens Lacrosse Team, and condemns the actions of the Liberty County Sheriffs Office in Hinesville, Georgia against the Womens Lacrosse Team. The Resolution further urges the Governor and General Assembly of Georgia to condemn the actions of the Liberty County Sheriffs Office, and to take measures to hold those responsible accountable, including providing training and instituting a policy against profiling based on race, ethnicity, religion, or gender.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Designating The Week Of May 8, 2022 To May 14, 2022 As National Charter Schools Week.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution designates the week of May 8, 2022 to May 14, 2022 as National Charter Schools Week and commends Delaware's charter public schools for their efforts in educating Delaware students.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing May 2022 As Maternal Mental Health Awareness Month.. Description: This resolution recognizes May 2022 as Maternal Mental Health Awareness Month in Delaware.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing May 2022 As "foster Care Month In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This resolution recognizes May 2022 as "Foster Care Month" in the State of Delaware.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Proclaiming The Urge Of Addressing The Infant Formula Shortage In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This concurrent resolution recognizes the urgent nature of the formula shortage, and urges additional steps to address the infant formula shortage.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Proclaiming Thursday, May 19, 2022 As Global Accessibility Awareness Day In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This resolution proclaims Thursday, May 19, 2022 as Global Accessibility Awareness Day in the State of Delaware.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing September 2022 As "prostate Cancer Awareness" Month In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution recognizes September 2022 as "Prostate Cancer Awareness Month" in the State of Delaware
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing June As Alzheimers And Brain Awareness Month.. Description: This resolution recognizes the month of June as "Alzheimer's and Brain Awareness Month" in Delaware.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing The Week Of June 6 As Delaware Arts And Culture Week.. Description: This Senate Concurrent Resolution recognizes the week of June 6 as Arts and Culture Week in Delaware.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Congratulating The Class Of 2021 Eagle Scouts For Having Attained The Highest Rank One Can Earn In The Boy Scouts Of America.. Description: This resolution congratulates the class 2021 Eagle Scouts for having attained the highest rank one can earn in the Boy Scouts of America.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Proclaiming October 2022 "dysautonomia Awareness Month" In The State Of Delaware.. Description: Dysautonomia is a group of medical conditions that result in a malfunction of the autonomic nervous system, which is responsible for automatic bodily functions such as respiration, heart rate, blood pressure, digestion, temperature control, and more. This Resolution proclaims October 2022 "Dysautonomia Awareness Month" in the State of Delaware.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing November 2022 As "autoimmune Disease Awareness Month" In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution recognizes November 2022 as "Autoimmune Disease Awareness Month" in the State of Delaware.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Designating October 17-23, 2022 As "free Speech Week" In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This resolution designates October 17-23, 2022 as "Free Speech Week" in the State of Delaware
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Marking The 100th Anniversary Of Dovers Elizabeth W. Murphey School.. Description: This Senate Concurrent Resolution extends the congratulations and best wishes of the members of the Delaware General Assembly to the students, staff, and directors of the Elizabeth W. Murphey School in recognition of the 100th Anniversary of the founding of the school in October 1922.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Commending The Food Bank Of Delaware For Its Contribution To The State Of Delaware.. Description: This resolution commends the Food Bank of Delaware for its contributions toward ending hunger and resolving the root causes of poverty in the State of Delaware through its increased statewide impact.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Designating The Month Of October 2022 As "depression Awareness Month" In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This concurrent resolution proclaims the month of October 2022 as Depression Awareness Month in the State of Delaware.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Proclaiming Thursday, October 6, 2022, As "national Coaches Day" In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This concurrent resolution proclaims Thursday, October 6, 2022, as National Coaches Day in the State of Delaware.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Establishing A Study Group To Review Compensation Payments For Certain Tax-exempt Properties Owned By The State.. Description: This Act creates the Study Group to Review Compensation Payments for Certain Tax-Exempt Properties Owned by the State to evaluate § 8318 of Title 29 and make recommendations regarding the eligibility criteria for municipalities to receive compensatory payments and the formulas used to calculate the payments.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing The Month Of June 2022 As Myasthenia Gravis Awareness Month.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution recognizes the month of June 2022 as Myasthenia Gravis Awareness Month.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Proclaiming The Day Of Friday, October 28, 2022 As National First Responders Day In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This concurrent resolution proclaims Friday, October 28, 2022 as National First Responders Day in the State of Delaware.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing Title Ix's 50th Anniversary And Its Positive Impact On Students.. Description: This Resolution commemorates the 50th anniversary of the enactment of Title IX and recognizes the impact it has had on improving equality in educational institutions and the workplace, while committing to build upon its foundation to continue to expand the protection of equal rights.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Encouraging The Delaware Judiciary To Study Transparency In Third-party Litigation Funding.. Description: In this Senate Concurrent Resolution, the Delaware General Assembly requests that the Delaware Judiciary study and, if appropriate, recommend revisions to courts rules of procedure or statutes, if needed, to implement a disclosure requirement for third-party litigation funding.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Providing Notice Of A Hearing On, And The Alleged Reasonable Cause For, The Removal, Under § 13 Of Article Iii Of The Delaware Constitution, Of Kathleen K. Mcguiness, Auditor Of Accounts.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution provides notice of a hearing on, and the alleged reasonable cause for, the removal, under § 13 of Article III of the Delaware Constitution, of Kathleen K. McGuiness, Auditor of Accounts, following the July 1, 2022 jury verdict of Guilty on counts that include misconduct in office.
In 2022, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Creating The School Violence Prevention Task Force To Make Findings And Recommendations To Ensure Students And Teachers Are Safe From Violence At School.. Description: This concurrent resolution creates the School Violence Prevention Task Force to make findings and recommendations to ensure students and teachers are safe from violence at school.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: Relating To The Election Of Officers Of The House Of Representatives.. Description: This Joint Resolution designates Sheri J. Knott as Bill Clerk of the House of Representatives and Dolores Michels as Assistant Bill Clerk of the House of Representative to serve at the pleasure of the House of Representatives.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: Establishing A Legislative Building Committee For The Purpose Of Studying And Recommending A Plan To Address The Technology, Security, And Space Needs For Legislative Hall.. Description: This House Joint Resolution establishes the Legislative Building Committee for the purpose of studying and recommending a plan to address the technology, security, and space needs for Legislative Hall.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: Directing The Criminal Justice Council To Establish And Publish Integrity Reports Concerning Complaints Made Against Police Officers In Each Police Agency In This State And To Create And Publish A List Of Decertified Police Officers In This State.. Description: This Joint Resolution directs the Criminal Justice Council to establish and by November 2, 2021, publish integrity reports on the number of complaints made against police officers in each police agency in this State for the past 3 years, and at least once a year thereafter, and to create and publish a list of all decertified police officers in this State in the previous 10 years, which shall be updated upon notification of the decertification of any police officer.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: The Official General Fund Revenue Estimate For Fiscal Year 2021.. Description: This Resolution provides the official revenue, refund, and unencumbered funds estimates for Fiscal Year 2021.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: The Official General Fund Revenue Estimate For Fiscal Year 2022.. Description: This Resolution provides the official revenue, refund, and unencumbered funds estimates for Fiscal Year 2022.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: Directing The State To Conduct Pandemic After- Action Reviews And Continue Covid-19 Pandemic Mitigation Efforts.. Description: The Joint Resolution directs the Delaware Emergency Management Agency (DEMA) and Division of Public Health (DPH) to conduct After Action Reviews to assess the States pandemic response. DEMA and DPH are also maintaining the ability to increase personnel and supplies as needed in response to future surges of COVID-19. Additionally, the Joint Resolution directs the Legislative and Executive branches to work together on initiatives to combat the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: Directing The Delaware Department Of Natural Resources And Environmental Control To Begin Coordination With The Federal Agencies Carrying Authority To Identify The Structure Necessary For A State Nontidal Wetlands Program For The Purpose Of Shifting Permitting Authority From The Federal Level To The State.. Description: This Senate Joint Resolution requires the Department of Natural Resources and Environmental Control to engage authoritative federal agencies to identify the administrative structure, legal structure, and resource needs to establish a State nontidal wetlands permitting program effectively shifting the permitting program from the federal to the State level. This Senate Joint Resolution also requires that a report containing the results of this review be completed and made public within 1 year.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: Designating August 31, 2021, As "international Overdose Awareness Day" In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This Senate Joint Resolution designates August 31, 2021 as "International Overdose Awareness Day" in the State of Delaware and directs the State flag to be lowered to half-staff at State facilities and encourages local governments, businesses, and Delawareans to do the same.
In 2021, Delaware passed a bill titled: Creating A Toll Violation Amnesty Program.. Description: This Senate Joint Resolution creates a one-time, Toll Violation Amnesty Program (Amnesty Program) to provide a 3 month long opportunity for people to satisfy toll debt that is in collection from toll violations that occurred on I-95 and SR 1. The Amnesty Program will collect funds that the State would probably otherwise never receive. Each year, the Department of Transportation collects over $190 million from over 70,600,000 toll transactions on I-95 and SR 1. However, Delaware is owed over $143.4 million in toll debt from unpaid tolls, penalties, and fees from toll violations on these highways. The most recent 3-year average collection rate of toll debt is 8.4%.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: Designating August 31, 2022, As "international Overdose Awareness Day" In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This Senate Joint Resolution designates August 31, 2022, as "International Overdose Awareness Day" in the State of Delaware and directs the State flag to be lowered to half-staff at State facilities and encourages local governments, businesses, and Delawareans to do the same.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: Vacating The Parkland Dedication Of Approximately .204 Acres Of New Castle County Tax Parcel No. 10-023.00-001.. Description: This Act vacates the parkland dedication for approximately .204 acres of Tax Parcel No. 10-023.00-001 (Parkland Property). The removal of the parkland dedication allows for New Castle County to transfer that portion of the Parkland Property under § 1521(e) of Title 9 and as set forth in the Settlement Agreement between the Department of Transportation (DelDOT) and a private property owner, Dash In, to resolve a condemnation action filed by DelDOT. Due to the Propertys unique location, there are no known current or future public needs or benefits in continuing to restrict the use of the .204 acre portion of the Parkland Property as parkland and under the Settlement Agreement, New Castle County will receive approximately .204 acres of land in close proximity to the Parkland Property.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: The Official General Fund Revenue Estimate For Fiscal Year 2022.. Description: This Resolution provides the official revenue, refund, and unencumbered funds estimates for Fiscal Year 2022.
In 2022, Delaware passed a bill titled: The Official General Fund Revenue Estimate For Fiscal Year 2023.. Description: This Resolution provides the official revenue, refund, and unencumbered funds estimates for Fiscal Year 2023.
In 2019, Delaware enrolled a bill titled: An Act Proposing An Amendment To Article I Of The Delaware Constitution Relating To Equal Rights.. Description: This is the final leg of an amendment to the Delaware Constitution to provide equal rights on the basis of sex. There is no Equal Rights Amendment to the United States Constitution. While Congress passed the Amendment in 1972, it was not ratified by the requisite number of states by the 1982 deadline. Delaware, however, was one of the first states to ratify the Amendment. About half of the states across the country have passed Equal Rights Amendments to their state constitutions in order to provide protection against discrimination based on sex. Without an Equal Rights amendment, women's rights and protections are limited. This Amendment is necessary to correct a constitutional shortcoming, reduce sex-based disparities and to codify our State's value of equality. Section 1 makes clear the General Assembly's intent in proposing this Amendment to the Delaware Constitution.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 30 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Personal Income Tax.. Description: This bill will add a new check-off donation box on the Delaware personal income tax return whereby individuals may choose to donate a portion of their tax refund, or designate an amount in addition to the tax they owe that will be transferred by the Division of Revenue to the Pediatric Cancer Research Fund held by the Delaware Community Foundation, who in turn will deposit the funds to the Andrew McDonough B+ Foundation.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 6 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Protecting Federal Workers During A Shutdown.. Description: This Act creates the Delaware Federal Employees Civil Relief Act which provides the temporary suspension of judicial and administrative proceedings and transactions in Delaware that may adversely affect the civil rights of Federal workers during a shutdown. This Act only applies to Federal workers who reside in Delaware. The Act permits a Federal worker who is furloughed or required to work without pay during a shutdown to apply to a court or administrative agency for a temporary stay, postponement or suspension of any payment of rent, mortgage, tax, fine, penalty, insurance premium, or other civil obligation or liability. A court or administrative agency may grant such relief if it finds that the ability of the Federal worker to pay such obligation has been materially affected by the shutdown. The length of stay may be for the period of the shutdown and 90 days thereafter. This Act also prohibits landlords from evicting a federal worker from premises that are occupied or intended to be occupied primarily as a residence. This Act also prohibits the lapse, termination or forfeiture of the health, life, disability, or motor vehicle insurance policy of a Federal worker without a court order. This Act also places limits on the interest rate that can be imposed on a Federal worker during a shutdown. Finally, this Act empowers the Attorney General to enforce the provisions of the Act and permits a court to impose a civil penalty of not more than $10,000 for violations of the Act.
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: An Act Authorizing The Office Of Management And Budget To Partner With A Financial Institutions And Community Non-profits To Establish A Temporary Loan Program For Delawareans Employed By The Federal Government Who Are Affected By The Partial Federal Government Shutdown.. Description: This Act authorizes the Office of Management and Budget to partner with financial institutions and non-profit providers to establish a temporary loan program for furloughed and unpaid Federal employees as a result of the shutdown caused by a lapse in appropriations.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 11 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Imprisonment.. Description: The stacking of sentences can, and has, in some cases, result in severe prison sentences without permitting the sentencing judge any discretion as to the offenders individual circumstances or the facts of the case. In order to provide such judicial discretion, this bill reforms concurrent and consecutive sentencing. This bill provides sentencing judges with the discretion to sentence prison time concurrently when appropriate. However, this bill mandates consecutive sentences when there are multiple victims for the most serious crimes. In addition, this bill requires consecutive sentences for assault in a detention facility. Under this bill, based upon the facts and circumstances of a case, prosecutors are able to recommend and judges have the discretion to order consecutive sentences.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 7 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Finfishing In Tidal Waters.. Description: This bill streamlines the process by which the Department may incorporate into its regulations tidal finfish management measures that have been adopted and specified in a regional or federal fisheries management plan or rule. This bill also eliminates procedures for the promulgation of tidal finfish regulations that the Delaware Administrative Procedures Act has rendered obsolete.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 24 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Massage And Bodywork.. Description: This Bill modifies the impact of criminal history on an applicants eligibility for licensure and thereby removes certain barriers to employment. It gives the Board the discretion to grant a waiver of a felony conviction for a crime committed against a person where more than 3 years have elapsed since the date of conviction, and for all other felonies, more than 2 years have elapsed since the date of conviction. The Board will be precluded from considering a conviction where more than 10 years have elapsed since the date of conviction, if there have been no other criminal convictions in the intervening time. The statute already prohibits licensure to anyone that has a felony sexual offense conviction.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act Making A One-time Supplemental Appropriation For The Fiscal Year Ending June 30, 2020 To The Office Of Management And Budget.. Description: This Act appropriates $61,980,700 to provide one-time funded projects through the Office of Management and Budget.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 14 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Hours Of School District Elections.. Description: House Bill No. 363, as amended by House Amendment No. 1, of the 149th General Assembly changed the time that polls open for school board and school referendum elections to 7:00 a.m from prior time of 10:00 a.m. There are several sections of Title 14 that govern the hours that polls are open for elections under Title 14 and House Bill No. 363 did not include a revision to the hours listed in § 1907 of Title 14. This Act makes the technical correction to § 1907 of Title 14 so that it is consistent with the sections of Title 14 that were revised by House Bill No 363.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 31 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Provider Advisory Board.. Description: This Act strengthens the role and responsibilities of the Provider Advisory Board in regard to the implementation and enforcement of The Delaware Child Care Act.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 5 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Building And Loan Association Insurance Regulation.. Description: This bill raises the threshold limit requiring a Building and Loan Association to obtain federal deposit insurance from $7 million to $10 million dollars. This amount was last raised in 2005. The State Bank Commissioner is okay with this change.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 18 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Copayment Or Coinsurance For Prescription Drugs.. Description: This Act would prohibit insurers and pharmacy benefit managers from engaging in the practice of "clawbacks". When the total cost of a prescription drug to an insurer or pharmacy benefits manager is less than a patient's co-pay, the insurer or pharmacy benefits manager keeps the difference in a practice known as a "clawback".
In 2020, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 6 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Auto Repair Fraud Prevention, And Prohibited Trade Practices.. Description: This bill clarifies definitions relating to airbags, counterfeit supplemental restraint system components, nonfunctional airbags, and supplemental restraint systems, and prohibited trade practices.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 11 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Unmanned Aircraft Systems.. Description: Unmanned aircraft systems are capable of introducing contraband into detention facilities without undergoing correctional officer inspections. This bill seeks to prohibit the use of unmanned aircraft systems (drones) to introduce contraband into detention facilities. This bill makes it a class F felony to deliver or attempt to deliver contraband by use of a drone.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 21 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Street Rods.. Description: This bill defines Street Rods to correspond with the same age requirement as used for antique motor vehicles, and would remove a fender requirement. Historically Street Rods are open-wheeled vehicles.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 25 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Manufactured Home Communities.. Description: This Act is the product of the Manufactured Home Owners and Community Owners Act Task Force (Task Force), established by HR No. 24 of the 149th General Assembly. This Act makes technical and substantive revisions to the Manufactured Home Owners and Community Owners Act that were approved by all voting and nonvoting members of the Task Force. The specific changes are as follows:
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend The Charter Of The City Of Rehoboth Beach Relating To Municipal Elections And Voting.. Description: This Act amends the Charter of the City of Rehoboth Beach to make Sections 3 through 7 gender-neutral, to provide travel reimbursement at the Internal Revenue Service rate rather than the Sussex County Sheriffs rate, to reduce the ownership requirement for non-resident freeholders for voter eligibility from six months to thirty days, to make the Citys process to purge individuals from the Books of Registered Voters consistent with the States process at 15 Del. C §1704(g), to allow for voter registration up to thirty days prior to the Annual Municipal Election, to amend the definition of real property to include condominiums created under the Delaware Uniform Common Interest Ownership Act, to reduce the durational residency requirement for voter eligibility from six months to thirty days, to define domicile, and to clarify that all voting provisions in the City Charter (including annual municipal elections, annexation elections and borrowing and bond issuance elections) shall be construed in accordance with the principle of one person, one vote, and removes any form of artificial entity voting from annexation elections and borrowing and bond issuance elections.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 4 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Alcoholic Liquors.. Description: This bill changes the definition of the multi-purpose sports facility to make it available to a broader range of sports facilities that may apply for a liquor license.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 15 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Early Voting.. Description: This Act establishes in-person early voting in Delaware beginning January 1, 2022. Registered voters will be allowed to vote in-person during at least 10 days before an election, up to and including the Saturday and Sunday immediately before the election at locations determined by the State Election Commissioner.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 7 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Fort Dupont Redevelopment And Preservation Corporation.. Description: This bill: (1) increases the number of directors on the Board and allows the Board to appoint four additional directors; (2) implements clarifying language; (3) sunsets the former Advisory Council to replace it with a subcommittee structure to allow greater participation from members of the public and to allow the Corporation to appoint and receive assistance and expertise from a greater variety of experts; and (4) allows the Board of Directors to amend the Certificate of Incorporation with approval from the General Assembly.
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 15 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Primary Elections.. Description: Section 1 of this bill moves the date of primary elections for statewide office, county office, and municipal office to the fourth Tuesday in April, which is the date of the presidential primary (in presidential election years). The dates for submitting and withdrawing notification of candidacy have been adjusted accordingly. Section 2 of the bill changes the deadline for a minor political party selecting its candidate at the partys convention. Section 3 of the bill changes the deadline for filing certificates of nomination from September 1st to April 1st. Section 4 changes the closed period in which a voter is not allowed to change his or her political affiliation to match the 60-day limit in 15 Del. C. § 3189 for presidential primaries.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 24 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Professions And Occupations.. Description: This bill eliminates the requirement under several provisions of Title 24 that applicants for professional licenses as well as adult entertainment establishments submit notarized applications. This bill would allow for a policy change at the Division of Professional Regulation to remove the notarization requirement for all licensing applications, which will make the application process more economically and logistically available.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 24 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Professions And Occupations.. Description: This bill eliminates all references to physical paper copies of professional licenses for professions administrated by the Division of Professional Regulation. This bill would eliminate the need for the Division to print and mail over 80,000 paper licenses every two years thus cutting down on administrative and supply costs and eliminating unnecessary paper production and waste.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 25 Of The Delaware Code Relating To A Delaware Manufactured Home Owner Attorney Fund.. Description: This Act creates a Delaware Manufactured Home Owner Attorney Fund ("Attorney Fund") by collecting a $0.50 monthly assessment per lot from manufactured home owners who rent a lot in a community governed by the Manufactured Home Owners and Community Owners Act. The Attorney Fund will be administered by the Department of Justice to contract with an attorney or agency who will provide legal representation and advocacy for manufactured home owners enforcing existing rights in disputes with community owners.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Final Average Compensation For The State Employees' Pension Plan For Recipients Of Certain Awards.. Description: This Act includes the dollar amount of an Educational Support Professional of the Year award received by a State employee when determining the final average compensation used to compute the State employee's pension.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act Designating And Naming The Portion Of U.s. Route 301 Commencing At Delaware Route 1 And Terminating At The Delaware Maryland State Line As First Responders Memorial Highway.. Description: This act names the Delaware portion of U.S. Route 301 between Route 1 and the Delaware Maryland State line as First Responders Memorial Highway.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Designation Of A State Dog.. Description: This act designates rescue dogs as the official state dog.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 14 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Delaware Nursing Incentive Program.. Description: This act will increase the numbers of Delaware nursing students eligible for the nursing incentive program by allowing Delawareans pursuing nursing careers at non-profit hospitals located in Delaware to be eligible for the program.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Community Transportation Fund.. Description: This Act requires the Secretary of the Department of Transportation to publish the transaction history for funds allocated to each member of the General Assembly under the Community Transportation Fund.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 16 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Uniform Controlled Substances Act.. Description: Benzodiazepine drugs that are approved for medical use in the United States are classified by the federal Drug Enforcement Agency as Schedule IV. Fourteen benzodiazepine drugs are currently listed on Schedule IV of the Uniform Controlled Substances Act, § 4720 of Title 16. Benzodiazepine drugs have a serious potential for abuse.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Delaware Nursing Home Residents Quality Assurance Commission.. Description: This Act revises the Delaware Nursing Home Resident's Quality Assurance Commission by doing all of the following:
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 11 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Safe Storage Of Firearms.. Description: This Act revises the crime of "unlawfully permitting a child access to a firearm," an existing class A misdemeanor under Delaware law. The offense is renamed "unsafe storage of a firearm" to place emphasis on firearm safety and proper storage. Under the revised statute, a crime is committed when a person intentionally or recklessly stores or leaves a loaded firearm where a minor or other person prohibited by law, or unauthorized person, can access the firearm, and the unauthorized person obtains the firearm. The unauthorized persons use of the firearm to inflict serious physical injury or death is not an element of the offense, but is an aggravating factor. For the purposes of this offense, stores and leaves does not include when firearm is carried by or under the control of the owner or another lawfully-authorized user.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 17 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Delaware Byways Program.. Description: This legislation clarifies the type of signage that can be installed along or within the control zone of a designated Delaware Byway and puts the state into compliance with federal regulations.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 25 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Solar Photovoltaic Systems And Restrictive Covenants.. Description: This Bill enables the use of roof or ground mounted solar systems on privately owned residential dwellings by making covenants or other restrictions that effectively prohibit or unreasonably restrict the installation of solar photovoltaic systems in Delaware void and unenforceable, regardless of the date recorded. This Bill also explains that it is the policy of the State of Delaware to protect the public health, safety, and welfare by encouraging the development and use of renewable resources and to remove obstacles thereto. This Bill further provides for costs and reasonable attorneys' fees to be awarded to the prevailing party in any litigation arising under the provisions of this Section. This Bill does not render void and unenforceable reasonable restrictions on roof or ground mounted solar systems.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Department Of Transportation.. Description: This legislation changes the requirement for the Department of Transportation to submit a Capital Transportation Program from annually to biennially.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend The Charter Of The City Of Seaford Relating To Taxation And Collection.. Description: This bill provides changes to Section 25 of the City of Seaford Charter relating to tax assessments. The assessor will provide an alphabetical list of the assessment within 30 days of the assessment. The Tax Assessor has 45 days after the appeal hearing to make a recommendation. The Board of Revision's decision will be by certified mail to the property owner within 7 days of the meeting. It also reorganizes Chapter 27 of the City of Seaford Charter to make the process consistent with State Code and easier to follow. In addition, the changes allow the City of Seaford to collect a Lodging Tax of no more than 3 percent of the rent, in addition to the amount imposed by the State, for any room or rooms in a hotel, motel, or tourist home located within the boundaries of the City of Seaford.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Chapter 27, Volume 79 And Chapter 74, Volume 81 Of The Laws Of Delaware And Title 10 And Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Foreclosure And Consumer Protection.. Description: This Act extends the Automatic Residential Mortgage Foreclosure Mediation Program and the Office of Foreclosure Prevention and Financial Education through December 31, 2024. The Automatic Residential Mortgage Foreclosure Mediation Program and the Office of Foreclosure Prevention and Financial Education were established by 3 different Acts which each sunset after 2 years, based upon the effective date of each Act. The sunset periods have been extended for additional 2 year periods so that the Office of Foreclosure Prevention and Financial Education sunsets in September 2019; § 5062C and § 5062D of Title 10 sunset in January 2020; and § 5062A of Title 10 sunset in January 2019.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 26 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Telecommunications Relay Service Advisory Committee.. Description: This Act updates the membership of the Telecommunications Relay Service Advisory Committee to include the groups currently engaged in ensuring telecommunications relay services are provided to Delawareans who need relay services.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 24 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Council On Real Estate Appraisers.. Description: This Bill authorizes the Division of Professional Regulation to charge a registration fee to Appraisal Management Companies for reporting them to the National Registry.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Titles 12 And 25 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Decedents Estates And Fiduciary Relations And Property.. Description: Section 1 of the Act addresses statutes under Chapter 33 of Title 12 and (i) clarifies the definition of governing instrument in section 3301(e) to include cross-references to new section 3343; (ii) adds a definition of published fee schedule to section 3301(h) as a cross-reference to the schedule or formula required by section 3561 to be filed periodically with the Court of Chancery; (iii) clarifies that section 3303(a) permits a trustor within a governing instrument to vary laws concerning the terms of powers of appointment over trust property; (iv) revises section 3322 regarding the appointment of agents by fiduciaries and the delegation of trust powers to provide that the standard of care applicable to a fiduciary when performing duties delegated to an agent shall apply to the fiduciary when selecting and monitoring the agent (and not to the agent), and to permit trust beneficiaries to release the fiduciary from liability for future conduct in monitoring agentsall to correct inconsistencies and conform the law to prevailing practice; (v) clarifies that under subsection 28 of section 3325 (which already permits a division of a trust for any reason), division along family lines is permitted; (vi) clarifies that under section 3338, the requirement for holders of powers to join in nonjudicial settlement agreements includes both those who hold powers of appointment and those who hold powers to remove or appoint fiduciaries or nonfiduciaries; (vii) clarifies that section 3341s provisions regarding the consequences of a merger also apply in the case of trust decantings under section 3328 where a new trust is not created; (viii) clarifies section 3342 (merely by setting off an existing phrase with dashes) that modification with the trustors consent is permitted so long as the provisions as modified could have been included in the trusts governing instrument if the trust were created on the date of the modification; (ix) adds a new section 3343 providing that where a governing instrument authorizes appointment of a successor trustee, multiple trustees may be appointed and fiduciary duties may be allocated among them; and (x) adds a new section 3344 providing that with respect to grantor trusts under the Internal Revenue Code, certain trustees are deemed to have discretion to reimburse a trustor (i.e., the grantor) of such a trust for that trustors income tax liabilities attributable to that trustbut without making the trustor a beneficiary of the trust, and not if the provisions of this section would reduce a charitable deduction available to any person for federal or state income or transfer tax purposes.
In 2020, Delaware enrolled a bill titled: An Act Proposing An Amendment To Article V Of The Delaware Constitution Relating To Voting.. Description: This Act is a first leg of a constitutional amendment that would eliminate from the Delaware Constitution the limitations as to when an individual may vote by absentee ballot. This amendment to the Delaware Constitution provides that the General Assembly shall enact general laws providing the circumstances, rules, and procedures for absentee voting.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 11 Of The Delaware Code Regarding Dissemination Of Personal Information.. Description: This bill enables a key component of the Take Care Delaware program, a partnership between law enforcement and schools to adopt a trauma-informed approach to children who have been identified at the scene of a traumatic event. The Take Care Delaware program, which will start as a pilot, operates by a police officer or emergency-care provider alerting a childs school about the childs presence at a traumatic event that the police officer or emergency-care provider responded to. In order to avoid violations of the State Bureau of Investigations dissemination statute and the Victims Bill of Rights in Title 11, this bill creates a narrow exception to both statutes that allows police officers and emergency-care providers to send the childs name to their school district or charter school so that the childs teachers can ensure the child is handled in a trauma-informed way. The Take Care Delaware program is based on the national Handle With Care model and includes training and other best practices for law enforcement and schools to prevent and mitigate the negative impact of childhood exposure to trauma.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 21 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Registration Of Vehicles.. Description: This legislation removes the automatic suspension of a drivers license for failure to provide proof of insurance. The Division of Motor vehicles will continue to suspend the registration of the uninsured vehicle. The removal of the automatic license suspension will allow the vehicle owner to get to work, keep a job, so that the driver will be able to obtain vehicle insurance.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 11 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Burglary.. Description: This Act aims to make the burglary section of Delawares Criminal Code simpler and fairer. The Act consolidates the crime of home invasion with existing burglary statutes. Furthermore, this Act recognizes the sanctity of the home and the varied schedules of 21st century homeowners by treating the burglary of an occupied dwelling the same whether the crime occurs during daytime or nighttime hours. The Act removes minimum mandatory sentences for some conduct, but preserves for home invasion a 6 year minimum mandatory sentence and a maximum sentence of 25 years in prison. Finally, the Act eliminates sentence enhancements based on prior convictions and the age of victim. The ability to impose lengthier sentences for subsequent conduct or for crimes against vulnerable victims rests with the discretion of sentencing judges.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 11 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Crimes And Criminal Procedure.. Description: This Act aims to make the robbery section of Delawares Criminal Code simpler and fairer. The Act deletes the carjacking sections and embeds them within the existing robbery statutes to remove duplication from the code. Under this Act, robbery in the first degree includes the theft of a vehicle where there is physical injury or the use, a display or threat of a deadly weapon or death which is a Class B felony; this carries a 3 year minimum mandatory sentence and a maximum sentence of 25 years in prison. Robbery in the Second Degree, a Class E felony, is elevated to a Class D felony if the theft involves a vehicle and elements that pose additional risk to public safety. The Act removes minimum mandatory sentences for some conduct and eliminates sentence enhancements based on prior convictions and the age of victim. The ability to impose lengthier sentences for subsequent conduct or for crimes against vulnerable victims rests with the discretion of sentencing judges.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 16 Of The Delaware Code Regarding Default Beverages In Childrens Meals In Restaurants.. Description: This bill requires the State food safety standards for restaurants to include a system for requiring healthy beverages to be offered as the default beverage with a combination childrens meal inclusive of a drink, sold together at a unit price. It does not prohibit the restaurants ability to sell, or a customers ability to choose, a substitute or alternative beverage as-requested by a customer. This effectively creates an opt in instead of an opt out for many sugar-rich drink choices for children.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 13 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Child Support.. Description: This Bill clarifies language allowing for the direct deposit of child support owed and collected by employers from individuals under a support order from the Family Court. In addition, this Bill requires employers who have 50 or more employees to send payments to the Division of Child Support Services by electronic funds transfer and allows employers with less than 50 employees to do the same. Finally, the bill requires payments made via electronic transfer to be made before or at the time the employee is paid.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 30 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Motor Fuel Tax.. Description: This Act does all of the following:
In 2020, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 9 Part Iii Of The Delaware Code Related To Property Maintenance.. Description: This Act enables Kent County to establish regulations regarding property maintenance and penalties for violations of said regulations.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 16 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Childhood Lead Poisoning Prevention Act.. Description: This bill updates the members of the Childhood Lead Poisoning Advisory Committee to include additional stakeholders, and directs the Committee to report to the General Assembly on the effectiveness of the Act, ways to improve the Act, and other measures that should be taken by the State of Delaware to prevent lead poisoning in children.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Delaware Veterans Trust Fund.. Description: This Act makes all veterans with a minimum discharge of general discharge under honorable conditions eligible for assistance from the Delaware Veterans Trust Fund, effective January 1, 2020.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 16 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Hospitals.. Description: This Act updates the definition of hospital, raises the fees associated with hospital licensing, and imposes an additional fee for plan reviews prior to construction or renovation of hospitals.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 14 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Free Public Schools.. Description: This bill creates an Expanded Learning Opportunities Subcommittee as part of the Interagency Resource Management Committee (IRMC) to provide research, recommendations, and coordination regarding before and after school programs and summer learning opportunities for school-age children. The chairperson of the subcommittee is also added to the Interagency Resource Management Committee as a non-voting member. The creation of an Expanded Learning Opportunities Subcommittee was one of the primary recommendations of the Statewide Afterschool Initiative Task Force, which was created by the 148th General Assembly. The Task Force felt that the design and delivery of services would be enhanced by a standing body tasked with tracking developments across the country and in the State, with a view towards encouraging the development of programs and funding models that maximize positive outcomes.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Division Of Developmental Disabilities Services.. Description: This Act tightens the role and responsibilities of the Division of Developmental Disabilities Services (DDDS) so that it more aptly aligns with the current state of the agency. This act also makes technical corrections to conform existing law to the standards of the Delaware Legislative Drafting Manual.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 13 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Child Support Liens On Insurance Claim Payments.. Description: This Act will increase payments of child support arrears or retroactive support from payments for settlements and awards from negligence, personal injury, and workers compensation cases by requiring that all insurers share information with an insurance claim data collection organization.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 26 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Electric Cooperative Capital Credits.. Description: This Act expands the permitted uses of unclaimed electric cooperative capital credits to include investments in energy services for low income members and energy efficiency, renewable energy, battery storage, electrification and emerging energy technology programs. The bill also amends the annual reporting requirements to include an itemization of the amount allocated each year to low income assistance, energy efficiency and renewable technologies, and non-profit donations.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 18 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Captive Insurance Companies.. Description: This Act requires captive insurance companies to pay premium taxes on or before April 15 of each year. This Act complements House Bill No. 289 of the 149th General Assembly (Chapter 251, Volume 81 of the Laws of Delaware) by ensuring that captive insurers annual statements and payment of premium taxes are both due by the same date.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend The Charter Of The Town Of Milton Relating To Contracts And Enumeration Of Powers.. Description: Section 1 of this bill amends the Charter of the Town of Milton relating to purchasing contracts. Specifically, the bill: raises the monetary thresholds to be more in line with the State of Delaware, Material and Non-Professional Service Purchase Thresholds, known as policy 5.3.1; clarifies that the Town need not competitively bid again if the results were unreasonable or not independently reached; and adds a new exclusion for purchases made pursuant to the State of Delaware procurement process or from a vendor on the General Services Administration Federal Supply Schedule.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 11 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Crimes.. Description: This bill allows a person who is arrested or convicted of any crime, except a violent felony, which was a direct result of being a victim of human trafficking may file an application or for a pardon or expungement or make a motion to vacate judgment. This bill also makes changes to the Human Trafficking Interagency coordinating by adding another member of the judicial branch and a representative of the Department of Education. This bill also adds locations where a public awareness sign must be placed.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Division Of Substance Abuse And Mental Health.. Description: This bill reflects in greater detail the work performed by DSAMH and ensures that DSAMH has the appropriate authority to license and oversee community mental health providers as they do with SUD facilities. DSAMH essentially already does this when they draft their contracts, so providers are already required to meet their specific standards. This bill establishes uniform standards for providers.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 16 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Behavioral And Mental Health Commission.. Description: This bill addresses the Behavioral and Mental Health Commission and functionally narrows its scope to peer review responsibilities. This peer review function provides independent oversight to Delawares mental health system without authority to force changes on the State. Much of the current broader responsibilities of the larger Commission overlap with the Governors Advisory Committee to DSAMH. The proposed changes do not replace or eliminate the Addiction Action Committee. This is merely to ensure that all commissions and committees have their own discrete area in which to focus.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 18 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Health Insurance Contracts.. Description: Step therapy protocols are a mechanism by which health insurance companies require patients to try one or more prescriptions drugs before coverage is provided for the actual drug prescribed by the patients health care provider. This Act creates a Step Therapy Exception Process whereby patients who are required by their insurance company to go through step therapy protocols can, under certain circumstances, bypass step therapy to obtain the initially-prescribed medication. This Act does not apply to state or federal governmental plans.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 18 Of The Delaware Code Related To Service Contracts And Product Warranties.. Description: Delaware is one of only a few states that does not provide statutory or regulatory authority regarding the regulation of service contracts and warranties. In some states, these products are regulated as insurance products. In other states, the Attorney Generals office retains oversight of these products. In Delaware, the regulation of these products is governed by a letter issued by the Department of Insurance in 1993 and Domestic/Foreign Insurers Bulletin No. 5 issued in 1997. This legislation essentially codifies the existing legal practice, and makes clear these products are not regulated as insurance products thus providing the Department of Justice with the authority to address legal issues pertaining to service contracts and product warranties.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 21 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Special License Plates.. Description: This Act allows the Division of Motor Vehicles to issue special Bicycle Friendly Delaware license plates.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 11 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Police Mutual Aid Agreements.. Description: This bill clarifies that Delaware law enforcement may enter into agreements to provide mutual assistance to other jurisdictions.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 13 And Title 16 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Public Access To Vital Statistics Records.. Description: This Bill raises the time periods for public access to individual vital records from 72 years to 80 years after the date of birth, and from 40 years to 50 years after the date of death or marriage.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 24 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Prescriptions.. Description: This Bill requires Podiatrists, Dentists, Doctors, Nurses and Optometrists who issue prescriptions to utilize electronic prescriptions except under certain exceptions.
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 11 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Weapons.. Description: Importers, manufacturers, and dealers of "destructive weapons" are licensed and regulated under Federal law. Under existing Delaware law, importers, manufacturers, and dealers of destructive weapons are not permitted to deliver them to purchasers in Delaware who are otherwise permitted to own such weapons, such as military or police forces. This bill will permit properly licensed importers, manufacturers, and dealers to possess and store destructive weapons in this State and engage in activities associated with the sale and delivery of such weapons to (or from) qualified purchasers.
In 2020, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 9 Part Iv Of The Delaware Code Relating To Property Maintenance.. Description: This Act enables Sussex County to establish ordinances, rules, and regulations regarding property maintenance and penalties for violations of said ordinances, rules, and regulations.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Qualified Agencies Authorized To Receive Grants From The Department Of Natural Resources And Environmental Control.. Description: The bill expands the qualified agencies authorized to receive grants approved by the Water Infrastructure Advisory Council to include non-profit corporations, such as the Diamond State Sustainability Corporation (DSSC), approved by Public Service Commission as a regulated water or wastewater utility. As a regulated utility, the DSSC assists low and moderate income residents and communities in rural areas of Delaware by acquiring and improving community-owned water and wastewater systems, many of which are aging or at risk of failure, and providing service pursuant to Commission-approved rates. This bill also expands the definition of treatment works to include domestic wastewater projects in order to allow for grants for community septic and sewage system upgrades.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 4 Of The Delaware Code Related To Collection Of Tax On Alcoholic Beverages.. Description: Section 1 of this Act allows those licensed as importers to pay tax upon the sale of alcoholic beverages to customers, instead of the tax being due when the alcoholic beverages come to rest in the State of Delaware. Section 2 of this Act provides that if any of the provisions are found to be unconstitutional, the remaining provisions will stand. Section 3 of this Act provides that the legislation will be effective as of July 1, 2019.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 12 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Appointment Of Guardians And The Office Of The Public Guardian.. Description: This Act allows the Public Guardian to act as a representative payee for Social Security benefits or as a VA fiduciary for Department of Veterans Affairs benefits. This Act also allows the Court to appoint a guardian with limited powers, to act as guardian for specific areas of decision-making or for a specific term. By making these changes, this Act will allow the Public Guardian to serve in a more limited role where appropriate, and assist more Delawareans who need short-term assistance, such as to qualify for Medicaid in order to arrange for long-term care or to handle routine financial matters but not make decisions about the care of the person. The ability to serve in a more limited role will increase the Public Guardian's capacity to assist people while the Non-Acute Patient Medical Guardianship Task Force studies options and develops recommendations to improve non-acute patient transitions from acute care settings to more appropriate locations. This Act also makes technical corrections to conform existing law to the standards of the Delaware Legislative Drafting Manual.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 24 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Board Of Plumbing, Heating, Ventilation, Air Conditioning And Refrigeration Examiners.. Description: This Bill modifies the impact of criminal history on an applicants eligibility for licensure. It gives the Board discretion to grant waivers for felony convictions for crimes committed against a person where more than 3 years have elapsed, and more than 2 years have elapsed for other felonies. The Board is precluded from considering a conviction where more than 10 years have elapsed since the date of conviction.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 4 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Craft Alcoholic Beverages.. Description: This bill is intended to facilitate the growth and expansion of Delaware licensed craft alcoholic beverage companies within the State by permitting them to continue to grow and expand in an increasingly competitive environment. This bill does not change the position of craft alcoholic beverage companies in the traditional three-tier system.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Delaware Commission Of Veterans Affairs.. Description: This legislation gives authority to the Executive Director of the Delaware Commission of Veterans Affairs to use the term Delaware Office of Veterans Services when carrying out the work of the Commission. This will enable the Executive Director and other staff of the Commission to conduct business under a banner that better describes their role as providers of services to Delaware veterans and their families. Applying the name Delaware Office of Veterans Services also serves to distinguish the office from the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs and will help alleviate confusion among members of the public.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 14 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Delaware National Guard Educational Benefits.. Description: This Act extends the time period for which a member of the Delaware National Guard may receive funding for certain postsecondary education tuition and fees from 10 years after the date on which the member begins the first course for which funds are granted to 15 years after that date.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 7 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Recycling And Waste Reduction.. Description: This bill expands upon the existing at-store recycling program regarding the use of single-use plastic bags. The existing requirements will continue, however stores subject to this program will now be limited from providing single-use plastic bags for only specific uses thereby encouraging a shift to reusable bags. The purpose of the bill, as detailed in the preamble, is to clean up Delawares communities and watersheds, reduce storm water and trash management costs to taxpayers, and promote the health and safety of watersheds, wildlife and humans, and the ecosystems food chain. On January 1, 2021 this bill enacts a ban on stores providing single-use plastic bags at check-out.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Lotteries.. Description: This bill reduces the required number of meetings that the Advisory Council on Video Lottery Planning and the Advisory Council on Charitable Gaming Planning must hold each calendar year and authorizes the Lottery Director to add certain sports lottery players to an involuntary exclusion list by order.
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Delaware Governmental Accountability Act.. Description: This Act amends the Delaware Governmental Accountability Act to make the annual budget process part of a performance management system of strategic planning, performance metrics and performance budgeting, dedicated to continuous process improvement that makes government more efficient, reduces costs and eliminates waste in the process and operations that deliver goods and services to taxpayers, customers and employees of State government.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 9 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Use By New Castle County Of The Monition Method Of Sale For The Collection Of Delinquent Taxes For The Collection Of Delinquent Sewer Service Charges.. Description: This Act will enable New Castle County to collect delinquent sewer service charges under the procedures established by Chapter 87 of Title 9 for the collection of delinquent county taxes. Under the existing method for New Castle County established by Chapter 22, Subchapter II (Monition Method of Sale in New Castle County), of Title 9 for the collection of delinquent sewer service charges, a jury trial must be held if the property owner or an interested party submits an affidavit of defense denying the service charges in whole or in part. In addition, under Section 2211 of Title 9, County Council must first levy the delinquent sewer service charges as an assessment prior to the institution of any legal proceedings. This Act removes the existing sewer monition method of sale in its entirety and will enable New Castle County to collect delinquent sewer service charges in the same manner as taxes are collected under the less burdensome and more efficient monition method of sale established by Chapter 87 of Title 9.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 16 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Medical Marijuana Act.. Description: New daily persistent headache (NDPH) is a rare headache disorder characterized by daily and unremitting headaches that can last up to 3 days. Headache onset is abrupt and the throbbing, pressure-like pain is usually on both sides of the head. In order to be diagnosed with this syndrome, a patient has chronic daily headaches that are present more than 15 days a month for more than 3 months. The age of onset ranges from 6 to greater than 70 years old. It is found to be more common in females in both the adult and pediatric populations. Currently, there is no specific treatment for NDPH. Instead, most are treated similarly to migraines with prescriptions to opiates or narcotics such as gabapentin. In order to avoid the development of medication overuse or addiction, however, physicians do not advise patients to use pain relievers for more than 9 days a month even though the pain persists for many days more than that. Moreover, NDPH is an intractable headache disorder that is unresponsive to standard headache therapies.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 13 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Domestic Violence Coordinating Council.. Description: This Act adds one more member, a licensed health care professional knowledgeable in the screening and identification of domestic violence cases appointed by the Council, to the Fatal Incident Review Team of the Domestic Violence Coordinating Council. The Act also updates language regarding victims of domestic violence to include survivors. This Act also makes technical corrections to conform existing law to the standards of the Delaware Legislative Drafting Manual.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Titles 18 And 21 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Automobile Insurance Policies.. Description: Section 1 of this Act clarifies the definition of the term policy for purposes of §§ 3903-3907 of Title 18 of the Delaware Code to apply only to personal automobile insurance policies and not commercial or other types of policies.
In 2020, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 11 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Assault.. Description: House Bill 212 enacted by the 148th General Assembly (80 Del. Laws c. 287) expanded the offense of Assault in the Second Degree to include the intentional assault of ambulance operators, rescue squad members, and nurses injured while performing work-related duties. As a result of increasing workplace violence directed against healthcare providers, this Act further defines Assault in the Second Degree to include other health care treatment providers and employees and hospital security personnel who are injured while performing their work related duties.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 18 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Health Insurance.. Description: This bill makes three changes to health insurers and their relationships to providers. First, it limits the number of records that can be requested by a payer from a provider for post claim adjudication audits within a specific period of time. Second, it establishes a minimum filling standard for claims to be made. And third, it details requirements for electronic medical claim submissions and payment remittance. The goal is to reduce the overall cost to collect and make the process of claims, payments, and post claim adjudication audits more efficient especially as more insurers require electronic claims.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 19 Of The Delaware Code Relating The Delivery Of Notices By The Delaware Division Of Unemployment Compensation.. Description: This Act allows the Department of Labor ("Department") to deliver notice by methods other than through mail to reduce costs by using e-mail delivery for certain notices and makes technical corrections to conform existing law to the standards of the Delaware Legislative Drafting Manual.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 19 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Recoupment Of Overpayment Of Benefits.. Description: This Act disqualifies an individual who obtained an overpayment of benefits through fraud from receiving future unemployment benefits until the total overpayment, penalties, and interest are repaid in full. This change does not apply to fraud overpayments established by final decision before the effective date of this Act. This Act also broadens the manner in which a notice of overpayment may be delivered and removes the 5 year deadline for filing actions to collect overpayments due to the Department. This Act takes effect 60 days after its enactment into law.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Department Of Services For Children, Youth And Their Families.. Description: This Act creates a Deputy Secretary position within the Department of Services for Children, Youth, and Their Families (Department) and exempts the position from the Merit System under Chapter 59 of Title 29. The Secretary of the Department may establish the powers, duties, and functions of the Deputy Secretary.
In 2020, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 21 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Ignition Interlock Device Requirements.. Description: In 2014, the General Assembly created an ignition interlock device program under §§ 4177C and 4177G of Title 21 of the Delaware Code (IID program). The IID program provides individuals whose license or driving privileges have been revoked following a conviction for driving under the influence of alcohol or drugs the ability to drive during their revocation period while putting measures in place to protect the public.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 24 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Professions And Occupations.. Description: This bill updates the real estate appraisers practice act to comply with federal law by clarifying the definition of federally-related transaction and adding a definition for federal financial institutions regulatory agencies. Changes to these definitions would render Delawares definitions consistent with federal law. Section two of the bill changes the renewal for appraisal management companies (AMC) from every two years to annually to facilitate the renewal procedure for the Division of Professional Regulation. Section three of the bill eliminates the current allowance in Delaware for a revoked or suspended real estate appraiser to have an ownership interest in an AMC, and section four disallows AMCs from removing an appraiser from its appraiser panel without prior notice. Delawares law currently allows AMCs to do so if the appraiser was only added to the panel in the previous 60 days. Federal law does not have any such allowance.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 7 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Licenses To Hunt, Trap, And Fish.. Description: This bill allows our wounded warriors or similar veterans' organizations who have been honorably discharged from the armed forces of the United States and have at least a 60% service-connected disability to be able to obtain a license to hunt, trap, and fish in this State without charge.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend The Charter Of The City Of Newark.. Description: This Act amends the municipal Charter of the City of Newark to permit the City of Newark to provide sanitary sewer service to properties outside of the Newark corporate limits without annexing these properties. Under this Act, sewer services may be provided to properties outside of the Newark corporate limits at the request of the property owner and if approved by New Castle County and the City of Newark.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 16 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Ems Company Volunteers.. Description: Individuals who volunteer their services through stand-alone EMS companies have been a valuable part of public safety to the citizens of the State of Delaware. To try to bolster the ranks of these volunteers, this bill exempts anyone applying for membership of a volunteer EMS company from paying the cost of a background check done by the State of Delaware Bureau of Identification.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 24 Of The Delaware Code Creating A Psychology Interjurisdictional Compact.. Description: This Act, the Psychology Interjurisdictional Compact (PSYPACT), is an interstate compact designed to facilitate the practice of telepsychology and the temporary in-person, face-to-face practice of psychology across state boundaries. PSYPACT has become operational as at least seven states have enacted PSYPACT legislation. Through PSYPACT, licensed psychologists are able to apply for and use Association of State and Provincial Psychology Boards (ASPPB) certificates, which include the E.Passport to practice telepsychology and the Interjurisdictional Practice Certificate (IPC) to conduct temporary in-person, face-to-face practice in PSYPACT states.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 11 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Prisons And Prisoners.. Description: This bill makes changes to the Adult Correction Healthcare Review Committee by adding the chairpersons of the House and Senate Correction committees as ex-officio non-voting members. This bill also places this Committee within the Criminal Justice Council so the Committee has the administrative support it needs to effectuate its purpose. This bill also tasks the Committee with advising not only the Commissioner of the Department of Correction but also the Governor and the General Assembly on matters concerning inmate health-care services in our States correctional institutions. This bill makes clear that certain State agencies and contractors providing medical services to inmates must provide information requested by the Committee. This Committee is not a public body, and the bill emphasizes that Committee members must abide by federal and state laws regarding the privacy of protected health information and provides penalties for violations of the privacy of such information.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 18 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Insurance Data Security Act.. Description: This Act establishes standards for data security for Title 18 licensees and standards for the investigation of and notification to the Commissioner of a cybersecurity event affecting Title 18 licensees.
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Electric Vehicle Charging.. Description: This Act amends the Delaware Energy Act to encourage the adoption of electric vehicles in the State by creating more accessible electric vehicle charging infrastructure. Specifically this Act permits State Agencies to allow public use of electric vehicle charging stations installed by the Agency, to charge a reasonable fee for such use, and to reimburse the appropriate State Agency which procured the underlying electricity used.
In 2020, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 9 And Title 25 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Liens For Taxes Assessed Against Real Property.. Description: This Act reconciles discrepancies between § 8705 of Title 9 of the Delaware Code and § 2903 of Title 25 of the Delaware Code, clarifying that all taxes assessed against real estate by Kent or Sussex Counties are governed by § 8705 of Title 9 and that the date on which Sussex County considers a tax delinquent is July 1.
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 16 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Litter Control Penalties.. Description: This bill increases the fines for littering.
In 2019, Delaware enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 6 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Professional Athletes.. Description: This Act creates the Professional Athlete Funding Act which authorizes and establishes regulations pertaining to player brand agreements. A player brand agreement is an agreement between a professional athlete and an investor whereby in exchange for payment to the professional athlete, the athlete commits to pay a specified percentage of the athlete's future income or earnings. The purpose of this Act is to protect the professional athlete from unscrupulous investors by codifying best practices. Such practices include setting forth requirements that must be satisfied in order that a player brand agreement is valid, binding and enforceable including: (1) the agreement being written in the athlete's native language; (2) specifying the percentage of income or earning the athlete will have to pay; (3) identifying the income or earnings used to calculate the obligation; (3) not requiring the athlete to pay more than 30% of his or her future income; (4) requiring that the shared percentage lasts no more than 30 years; and (5) identifying specific criteria for the signing and executing of the agreement. This Act also authorizes the Division of Consumer Protection of the Department of Justice to enforce such agreements and to investigate and prosecute violations.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 10 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Petitions For Change Of Name.. Description: Currently, Family Court has jurisdiction over name changes for minors when considered in conjunction with establishing parentage, as well as adult name resumption related to divorce proceedings. Outside of that context, a name change must be filed in the Court of Common Pleas. This bill provides for Family Court to assume jurisdiction over all minor name change petitions, as recommended by the Jurisdiction Improvement Committee established by the Delaware Supreme Court Order of November 7, 2017. The bill exempts the name change matters in Family Court from newspaper publication requirements. Under the bill, the Court of Common Pleas retains its jurisdiction over other adult name change petitions.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 And Title 30 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Interactive Fantasy Contests.. Description: This bill makes several updates to the Delaware Interactive Fantasy Contests Act initially signed into law on July 26, 2017, including the permanent removal of the July 1, 2019 sunset date from § 4860, Title 29 and § 2301, Title 30 of the Delaware Code. This bill allows authorized Delaware players to include non-Delaware collegiate athletes on their fantasy sports rosters, clarifies that employees (and certain of their family members) of fantasy sports operators/registrants may engage in non-public interactive sports contests, and allows the Director of the Division of Gaming Enforcement to issue a temporary registration to interactive fantasy sports operators, and eliminates the outdated provision for operators who were awaiting the now available registration application. Finally, this bill sets the registrants license fee rate at 15.5%.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 10 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Civil Jurisdiction.. Description: This Act increases the civil jurisdictional limit for the Court of Common Pleas from $50,000 to $75,000, as recommended by the Jurisdiction Improvement Committee established by the Delaware Supreme Court Order of November 7, 2017.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Titles 16 And 18 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Delaware Health Insurance Individual Market Stabilization Reinsurance Program.. Description: This Act creates the Delaware Health Insurance Individual Market Stabilization Reinsurance Program & Fund (the Program). The Program will be administered by the Delaware Health Care Commission in order to provide reinsurance to health insurance carriers that offer individual health benefit plans in Delaware. The Program will be funded with passthrough funds received from the federal government under the Affordable Care Act, funds provided by the Federal Government for reinsurance, and through a 2.75% annual assessment based on insurance carriers premium tax liability.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 18 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Pharmacy Benefits Managers.. Description: Over 80% of pharmaceuticals in the United States are purchased through pharmacy benefits manager (PBM) networks. PBMs serve as intermediaries between health plans, pharmaceutical manufacturers and pharmacies, and PBMs establish networks for consumers to receive reimbursement for drugs.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 3 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Agriculture.. Description: The purpose of the Bill is to update the existing beekeeping code to better reflect current practices.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 10 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Family Court Adjudicated Drug Court Program.. Description: This Act is a recommendation following the comprehensive analysis of the Family Court Adjudicated Drug Court Program conducted by Family Court, the Department of Services for Children, Youth and their Families, the Department of Justice, and the Office of Defense Services. Repeal of the Family Court Adjudicated Drug Court Program is also supported by the Government Efficiency and Accountability Review Board as noted in its 2018 Annual Report.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 19 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Delaware Division Of Unemployment Compensation.. Description: This bill would increase the maximum weekly benefit amount that would be payable to claimants seeking unemployment compensation benefits from the Delaware Division of Unemployment Insurance from $330 a week to $400 a week. The funds necessary to pay the increased weekly benefit amounts would be paid from the Unemployment Trust Fund. This bill would also freeze the taxable wage base used by employers to determine what portion of employees wages are subject to unemployment insurance tax assessments, for the period July 1, 2019 to October 29, 2020, to allow the Division of Unemployment Insurance and the Unemployment Compensation Advisory Council to analyze whether to revise the taxable wage base formula into the future.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 5 And Title 6 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Banks, Other Financial Institutions, And The Rate Of Interest On Certain Debt.. Description: This Act amends various chapters under Title 5 to facilitate the modernization of certain practices and procedures at the Office of the State Bank Commissioner. In particular, this Act authorizes the State Bank Commissioner to require applicants for financial services licenses for mortgage loan brokers (Chapter 21), licensed lenders (Chapter 22), money transmitters (Chapter 23), check cashers (Chapter 27) and motor vehicle sales finance companies (Chapter 29) to provide fingerprints for purposes of criminal background checks. Mortgage loan originators licensed by the State Bank Commissioner pursuant to Chapter 24 already are required to provide fingerprints in connection with license applications, and many other states also require criminal background checks for other types of financial services licensees.
In 2020, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 14 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Red Clay Consolidated School District Bus Safety Camera Pilot Program.. Description: This bill creates a pilot program for the Red Clay School District to utilize external camera systems on their school buses to catch motorists that illegally pass school buses and to punish these motorists by issuing them a civil penalty. The purpose of this bill is to protect children as they are in the process of boarding and exiting the school bus and to spread awareness of school bus traffic safety. At least 16 states have implemented similar legislation, including Pennsylvania in 2018. As Red Clay School District already has these cameras in operation, this program grants the authority to begin issuing violations to motorist that illegally pass school buses in their district.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act Making Appropriations For The Expense Of The State Government For The Fiscal Year Ending June 30, 2020; Specifying Certain Procedures, Conditions And Limitations For The Expenditure Of Such Funds; And Amending Certain Pertinent Statutory Provisions.. Description: This Bill is the Fiscal Year 2020 Appropriations Act.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 24 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Board Of Cosmetology And Barbering.. Description: This bill clarifies the options for becoming licensed as a master barber. In particular, a cosmetologist will be able to become licensed as a master barber after one year of post-licensure work experience and a 35-hour course in shaving. The reciprocity provision requires that an applicant from a state with less stringent licensure requirements than those of Delaware have work experience. The provision has been amended to require one continuous year of licensed experience obtained within the 5 years immediately preceding application. This amendment will address the ongoing challenge where applicants from neighboring states have difficulty becoming licensed in Delaware. The limitation on daily work hours has been stricken. Part-time applicants at times need to work more than 10 hours per day to meet licensure requirements. The 40 hours per week cap remains. The apprenticeship provision has been amended to permit a licensed instructor to supervise up to 5 apprentices. Revisions clarify that only temporary hair removal is within the scope of practice for cosmetologists and aestheticians. Finally, the reinstatement provision has been revised to provide that, if a licensee has not renewed his or her license within 5 years, that licensee can apply for reinstatement by taking the practical examination again.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 21 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Special Registration Plates For The Delaware State Education Association Centennial.. Description: This Act authorizes the Division of Motor Vehicles to issue special registration plates to commemorate the Delaware State Education Association centennial. It also allows the Division to collect a 1-time administrative fee of $15 to be deposited into a special fund and used by the Division for administrative costs.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 7 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Underground And Aboveground Storage Tanks.. Description: This Act expands the applicability of the Delaware Brownfields Development Program, Subchapter II, Chapter 91 of Title 7, by providing protection from liability for releases of regulated substances from underground storage tanks and aboveground storage tanks to any person approved as a Brownfields Developer who enters into a Brownfields Development Agreement, and otherwise meets the requirements of the Brownfields Development Program.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 7 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Delaware Hazardous Substance Cleanup Act.. Description: This Act amends the Delaware Hazardous Substance Control Act to reflect recent amendments to the federal Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act (CERCLA). This Act protects state, county, and municipal government entities from being deemed liable as owners or operators of hazardous substance release sites when they take title to or control of such properties through the exercise of their lawful governmental powers.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Central Contracting.. Description: This legislation expands the list of central contracts currently available to be accessed by state agencies and other allowed organizations to include professional services contracts. The legislation also adds local governments to the list of organizations that can access central contracts.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 3 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Agriculture.. Description: The purpose of the Bill is to change the requirement in the seed law for germination testing from 14 months to 9 months prior to sale.
In 2020, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 7 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Environmental Control.. Description: This bill defines industrial landfill in conformity with the Department of Natural Resources and Environmental Controls Regulations Governing Solid Waste. This bill also establishes a height restriction, or vertical limit, for an industrial landfill at 130 feet above the mean sea level of the area.
In 2020, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Titles 3 And 16 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Rabies And Other Vaccination Requirements, And Licensing.. Description: This Act supports veterinarians in their effort to protect people from rabies and to ensure the welfare of animals.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 3 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Agriculture.. Description: This Act allows the Department of Agriculture to establish fees that may be charged for participation in the Delaware Hemp program.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 18 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Insurance Coverage For Drug And Alcohol Dependency And Medication Assisted Treatment.. Description: This Act adds coverage for Medication Assisted Treatment ("MAT") for drug and alcohol dependencies to the mental health parity laws for health insurance. This Act requires health insurance carriers to provide coverage for prescription medications approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration for MAT at no greater financial burden than for prescription medication for other illness or disease, without step therapy requirements, and at the lowest tier of the drug formulary.
In 2019, Delaware enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 19 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Police Officers And Firefighters Employment Relations Act.. Description: The bill makes any "police officer" employed by the State and its political subdivisions not currently under the jurisdiction of the Police Officers' and Firefighters' Employment Relations Act subject to it. The purpose of this bill is to render all police and firefighters employed by the State not currently subject to the Police Officers' and Firefighters' Employment Relations Act subject to it. Nothing set forth in this bill is intended nor shall be construed to effect the rights of police officers and firefighters currently subject to the Police Officers' and Firefighters Employment Relations Act. In addition, employees classified in bargaining units pursuant to §1311A(b)(10) and (11) are not covered by this Act.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 14 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Reorganization Of School Districts.. Description: This Act allows the State Board of Education to change or alter boundaries of reorganized school districts. It allows the State Board of Education to do so based upon redistricting recommendations from the newly formed Redding Consortium for Educational Equity ("Consortium"). It requires the Consortium to provide its recommendations through a transition, resource, and implementation plan for redistricting, the contents of which are specified in the Act.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 9 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Taxes.. Description: This Act allows Sussex County, by duly enacted ordinance, to impose a local lodging tax of no more than 3 percent of rent on rooms in a hotel, motel or tourist home located in the unincorporated areas of the County. Such funds may only be used in Sussex County for the capital and operating costs of beach nourishment, waterway dredging, economic development, tourism programs, recreational activities, and water quality and flood control projects.
In 2020, Delaware enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 30 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Personal Income Tax.. Description: This Act increases the non-refundable income tax credit from $400 to $500 for active members of Delaware volunteer fire, ambulance, or rescue service company or its auxiliary. This Act also makes technical changes to conform existing law to the standards of the Delaware Legislative Drafting Manual.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 16 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Delaware Health Care Claims Database.. Description: This Act allows the Delaware Health Information Network ("DHIN") to enter into an appropriate agreement with the State Council for Persons with Disabilities (SCPD) to provide access to all claims data reported to the Delaware Health Care Claims Database. The SCPDs Brain Injury Committee (BIC) has been discussing the BICs need for data with the DHIN for over a year and the DHIN and the SCPD found that utilizing existing data collection systems is more cost-effective and efficient than setting up a separate registry for Delawares Traumatic Brain Injury (TBI) patients.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 3 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Livestock At Large.. Description: This Act authorizes the Department of Agriculture to impose civil penalties consistent with the amounts imposed in other states when livestock have been found to have run at large on the public highways or on unenclosed land within the State. This Act adds a provision as exists in the Delaware False Claims Act, 6 Del. C §1204(f), allowing for the enforcement as judgments of administrative orders that are final and no longer subject to judicial review. Lastly, the Act makes technical corrections to conform existing law to the standards of the Delaware Legislative Drafting Manual.
In 2020, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 10 And Title 25 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Jurisdiction Of The Justice Of The Peace Court And Summary Possession.. Description: This Act would both raise the jurisdictional limit of the Justice of the Peace Court to $25,000 and allow Justice of the Peace to consider claims in excess of the jurisdictional limit where the underlying matter involves a commercial tenancy and possession of the rental unit is at issue. Currently, if a party is owed rent in excess of the jurisdictional limit they must either submit to the jurisdictional limit of the Court and forego the portion of the claim which exceeds the jurisdictional limit or bifurcate the case, filing both for possession in the Justice of the Peace Court and a debt action in a court of competent jurisdiction. While this Act would increase efficiency in terms of allowing one court to consider all aspects of the case it would in no way preclude a party from bifurcating the action if they chose to do so.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 16 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Uniform Controlled Substances Act.. Description: This Act gives the Delaware Secretary of State the authority to promulgate rules and regulations for the implementation of this Act. This Act also makes technical corrections to conform existing law to the standards of the Delaware Legislative Drafting Manual.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 24 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Real Estate Services, Brokers, Associate Brokers, And Salespersons.. Description: This Act will prohibit political subdivisions of this State from requiring real estate licensees to obtain an additional business license or pay taxes in order to list property for sellers or represent buyers for the purchase of real estate.
In 2020, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 4 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Alcoholic Liquors.. Description: This Act eliminates the requirement that movie theaters selling alcohol have video cameras in each auditorium and the requirement that an employee must pass through each auditorium during a movie showing.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 16 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Informed Consent.. Description: This Act prohibits a pelvic, rectal, or prostate examination by a health care practitioner or professional on an individual who is anesthetized or unconscious. This Act provides exceptions and they are if informed consent is provided, the examination is for diagnostic or treatment purposes, an emergency exists and the examination is necessary, or the examination is ordered by a court. The Act also defines informed consent as a signing of a consent form that is written in plain language, is dated, includes a description of the procedure to be performed and states that a medical student or resident may perform or be present during the examination. Finally, this Act provides that a health-care practitioner or professional who violates the section may be subject to discipline by the appropriate professional licensing board.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 19 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Employment Practices.. Description: This bill expands the Employment First Oversight Commission by adding the Director of the Division for the Visually Impaired as a member, the Director of the Division of Substance Abuse and Mental Health, and other councils, committees, agencies, organizations and individuals as approved by both the Employment First Oversight Commission and the affected council, committee, agency, organization or individual.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 18 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Fees Collected By The Department Of Insurance.. Description: Delaware is currently ranked highest in the nation for form filing fees. This Act ensures that Delaware stays competitive as an insurer domicile by preventing the Insurance Commissioner from charging more than $2000 per filing for form filing fees.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 11 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Sexual Offenses.. Description: This bill adds the intentional touching of another person with semen to the definition of sexual contact. By doing so, the act of a person intentionally touching another person with semen without consent becomes the crime of unlawful sexual contact third degree.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Chapter 242, Volume 81 Of The Laws Of Delaware Relating To Selling Or Possessing Fireworks; Exceptions.. Description: This bill removes the 3 year sunset provision that was part of House Bill No. 53, as amended, enacted on May 10, 2018 of the 149th General Assembly. This will allow the on-going use of certain ground-based and hand-held sparklers.
In 2020, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Titles 10 And 14 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Truancy.. Description: This Act is a recommendation of the Jurisdiction Improvement Committee established by the Delaware Supreme Court Order of November 7, 2017.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend The Charter Of The City Of Dover Relating To The Imposition And Collection Of A Lodging Tax.. Description: This Act amends the Charter of the City of Dover to give the City Council the authority to impose and collect a lodging tax.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act Making Appropriations For Certain Grants-in-aid For The Fiscal Year Ending June 30, 2020; Specifying Certain Procedures, Conditions And Limitations For The Expenditure Of Such Funds; Amending The Fiscal Year 2020 Appropriations Act; And Amending Certain Statutory Provisions.. Description: This Act provides supplementary appropriations to certain Grants-in-Aid for Fiscal Year 2020.
In 2020, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 18 And Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Cost Sharing In Prescription Insulin Drugs.. Description: This Act requires that individual, group, and State employee insurance plans cap the amount an individual must pay for insulin prescriptions at $100 a month and must include at least 1 formulation of insulin on the lowest tier of the drug formulary developed and maintained by the carrier.
In 2020, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 9 Of The Delaware Code Relating To New Castle County Property Tax Rates And Municipalities.. Description: This Act represents one of the recommendations of the Local Service Functions Task Force created by House Concurrent Resolution No. 54. This Act revises the process by which the New Castle County tax rate for owners of real property in municipalities is calculated to reflect fire company contributions made by the municipality. This process does not consider as an in-kind contribution from New Castle County or a municipality the property tax that a fire company does not pay because real property owned by fire companies is exempt from taxation. Because no property tax is due, it is not an amount that either New Castle County or a municipality is waiving.
In 2020, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend The Charter Of The Town Of Ocean View Relating To Council Terms Of Office.. Description: Under the current language of Section 2.301, it is unclear what constitutes a "term" when computing term limits and determining a potential candidate's eligibility when they have previously filled a vacancy on the Council. By adding the proposed language, there will be a clear standard for determining whether a potential candidate has exceeded the two-term limit imposed by the Charter.
In 2020, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend The Delaware Code Relating To Budget And Fiscal Procedures.. Description: This Act makes changes to the States budget and fiscal procedures. Specifically:
In 2020, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 16 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Deparment Of Health And Social Services.. Description: This bill permits the owner of a beer garden or food establishment to permit leashed dogs on licensed outdoor patios of food establishments and in beer gardens.
In 2020, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 21 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Special License Plates.. Description: This bill creates a special license plate for World War II veterans.
In 2020, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 21 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Reports Of Accidents.. Description: This bill increases the minimum amount of property damage that triggers the mandatory reporting of a vehicular collision to police from $500 to $2,000. This bill also increases the minimum amount of property damage requiring police agencies to investigate from $1,000 to $2,000. This increase makes Delaware more consistent with other states and reflects the Legislatures intention in 1997 to increase the amount annually by $100.
In 2020, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 14 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Provision Of Free Feminine Hygiene Products.. Description: This bill requires all public and charter schools which have students in grades 6-12 to provide free feminine hygiene products in 50% of the bathrooms used by students who can have a menstrual cycle. This bill also requires schools to publish on its website and post in its common areas the locations of the bathrooms where the hygiene products are provided. Finally, this bill provides that each school must consult with its school nurse regarding the products to be provided.
In 2020, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend The Laws Of Delaware Relating To The Bond And Capital Improvements Act Of The State Of Delaware And Certain Of Its Authorities For The Fiscal Year Ending June 30, 2020.. Description: This Act amends the Fiscal Year 2020 Bond and Capital Improvements Act to (1) reauthorize Appoquinimink School District project local shares; (2) redistribute Community Reinvestment Funds from the African American Heritage Institute to the Peoples Settlement Association and the Redding House Foundation; (3) redistribute Municipal Infrastructure Funds to the Ocean View Historical Society and amend the project description for the Town of Laurel; (4) reprogram Department of Correction funding from the Central Violation of Probation Conversion from Level IV to Level V Design and Construction to the JTVCC Perimeter Fence, Motor Pool Building Conversion to a Level V Vocational Skills Training Center, and Maintenance and Restoration; (5) revise the amount used for a feasibility study at Delaware State University and add authorization for renovations of a community building; (6) authorize the Department of Correction to use Maintenance and Restoration funding for drug treatment space, a design and location study for Plummer Community Correction Center, and a conversion of the Central Violation of Probation center; (7) authorize the use of City of Wilmington Education Initiatives funding for recreational equipment at Kirkwood Park for use by Stubbs Elementary School; (8) authorize the State via the Complete Count Commission to enter into a contractual agreement with a non-profit for census activities in Kent and Sussex counties; (9) transfer a Delaware National Guard vehicle storage facility to the City of Harrington; (10) authorize for a transfer of property from the Delaware National Guard to the Department of Natural Resources and Environmental Control; (11) authorize a transfer of property from the Office of Management and Budget to the United States Government; (12) authorize additional reimbursements from the Community Transportation Fund; (13) authorizes the Department of Transportation to enter into contractual agreements with the Riverfront Development Corporation; (14) authorize the Department of Transportation to enter into agreements with the City of Wilmington and the Riverfront Development Corporation related to the redevelopment of South Market Street; (15) authorize the Brandywine School District to use minor capital improvement funds for site planning activities of the Charles W. Bush Early Education Center; (16) authorize the transfer of funds from the Office of Management and Budget to the Town of Laurel; and (17) allocate funding from the Delaware State Housing Authority to the Ministry of Caring.
In 2020, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend The Charter Of The City Of Seaford Relating To Fiscal Procedures.. Description: This Act amends the City of Seaford's Charter (Charter) as follows:
In 2020, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The State Employees' Pension Plan.. Description: This Act repeals a provision in the State Employees Pension Plan that included participants in the Division for the Visually Impaireds (DVI) Business Enterprise Program (BEP) in the State pension plan. BEP participants are meant to be independent blind entrepreneurs operating their own vending facilities in federal and state properties, as authorized by the Randolph-Sheppard Act (20 U.S.C. § 107 et seq.).
In 2020, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 14 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Holocaust And Genocide Education.. Description: This Act requires the Department of Education to establish and implement a curriculum on the Holocaust and genocide for students in grades 6 through 12. Teaching the lessons learned from the Holocaust and other genocides helps cultivate the spirit of human resilience, courage, heroism, and tolerance. Education about the Holocaust and genocide provide a context to learn about the danger that befalls us when hatred goes unchallenged and there is indifference in the face of oppression of others. The Halina Wind Preston Holocaust Education Committee can provide guidance, academic content assistance, resources, and assistance with curricula development to deliver quality Holocaust and genocide education.
In 2020, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 9 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Sussex County Government.. Description: This bill deletes an unnecessary restriction relating to amending the Sussex County budget. No similar provision is applicable to the Kent or New Castle County budget process.
In 2020, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 12 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Decedents Estates And Fiduciary Relations.. Description: Section 1 of the Act addresses statutes under Chapter 33 of Title 12 and (i) amends section 3330 by adding subsections (c) and (d)to make explicit in subsection (a) of section 3330 the applicability dates that were intended to be carried over from the applicability dates of the pre-2018 version of section 213 of Title 12 when, in 2018, section 213 was re-codified as subsection (a) of section 3330, and to provide a corresponding clarification of the applicability dates of subsection (b) of section 3330; (ii) amends section 3338 to specify that, consistent with the Uniform Trust Code, when a trustor is a party to a nonjudicial settlement agreement, then unless the transfer in trust is an incomplete gift for federal gift tax purposes, the trustor may not represent and bind any beneficiary other than the trustor, andif the nonjudicial settlement agreement alters any beneficial interest in the trustall of the trusts beneficiaries must be parties to the agreement; (iii) amends section 3342 to parallel the changes to section 3338 under this Actthat is, to specify that, consistent with the Uniform Trust Code, unless the transfer in trust is an incomplete gift for federal gift tax purposes, a trustor, a guardian of a trustor, or an agent of a trustor under a power of attorney may not represent and bind any beneficiary other than the trustor with respect to a modification under section 3342, and to make it more clear that all of the trusts beneficiaries must be parties to the modification; and (iv) amends the provisions of section 3343, to make subsection (a) more clear, to make section 3343s provisions with respect to section 3313A more clear, to add within new subsection (c)(2) of section 3343 a provision allowing a trustee now excluded from exercising certain powers to be released with respect to the past exercise of such powers as though such trustee were being removed, and by adding a provision to section 3343 that an existing trustee is entitled to 30 days notice before changes under section 3343 become effective with respect to the existing trustees duties, unless the existing trustee waives the notice period.
In 2020, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 12 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Restricted Access To Safe Deposit Boxes For Retrieval Of Decedents Last Will And Declaration Of Last Remains.. Description: This Act amends Delawares probate code by adding a new section to provide restricted access to a decedents safe deposit box located in a financial institution and held in the decedents sole name, for the limited purpose of retrieving the decedents last will and declaration of last remains.
In 2020, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 19 Relating To Non-charging Of Covid-19 Related Unemployment Benefits To Employers.. Description: This Act would ensure that employers are not charged for the benefit wages of employees who they had to terminate, furlough, or lay off due to the economic shutdown needed to respond to the COVID-19 public health crisis. The intention of the Department of Labor is to use other sources of federal funds to repay the Unemployment Insurance Trust Fund for the COVID-19 related benefits paid to these claimants, instead of charging the employers. It is not the intention to increase taxes on employers, and for most employers, this Act will avoid a significant increase in their unemployment tax assessment rates from COVID-19 related charges.
In 2020, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 8 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The General Corporation Law.. Description: Section 1. Section 1 of this Act amends Section 102(a) to provide that the name of a corporation must be such as to distinguish it from the name of any registered series of a limited partnership.
In 2020, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Chapter 15, Title 6 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Creation, Regulation, Operation And Dissolution Of Domestic Partnerships And The Registration And Regulation Of Foreign Limited Liability Partnerships.. Description: This bill continues the practice of amending periodically the Delaware Revised Uniform Partnership Act (the Act) to keep it current and to maintain its national preeminence. The following is a section-by-section review of the proposed amendments of the Act.
In 2020, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Chapter 17, Title 6 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Creation, Regulation, Operation And Dissolution Of Domestic Limited Partnerships And The Registration And Regulation Of Foreign Limited Partnerships.. Description: This bill continues the practice of amending periodically the Delaware Revised Uniform Limited Partnership Act (the Act) to keep it current and to maintain its national preeminence. The following is a section-by-section review of the proposed amendments of the Act.
In 2020, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Chapter 18, Title 6 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Creation, Regulation, Operation And Dissolution Of Domestic Limited Liability Companies And The Registration And Regulation Of Foreign Limited Liability Companies.. Description: This bill continues the practice of amending periodically the Delaware Limited Liability Company Act (the Act) to keep it current and to maintain its national preeminence. The following is a section-by-section review of the proposed amendments of the Act.
In 2020, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act Extending Certain Legislative Task Forces And Committees.. Description: Due to the public health emergency caused by COVID-19, several legislative task forces and committees have not been able to fulfill the reporting requirements of the task forces or committees enabling legislation and need additional time to complete the necessary work to prepare a report.
In 2020, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 16 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Death Certificates.. Description: This Act requires statutorily designated health providers to provide medical certifications of death, for death certificates, electronically and for the death certificates to be electronically filed with the Delaware Vital Events Registration System (DelVers). This Act sunsets on March 30, 2021.
In 2020, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 15 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Voting By Mail For The 2020 Non-presidential Primary, General, And Special Elections.. Description: This Act provides for voting by mail for the 2020 primary and general elections and special elections held under the provisions of Chapter 73 of Title 15 due to the emergency caused by COVID-19, a highly contagious virus. Voting by mail is an alternative to, and not a replacement for, in-person voting, which remains an available option to those electors not voting by absentee or mail ballot. This Act establishes procedures for voting by mail which mirror the procedures for absentee voting. The Act makes clear that, like in absentee voting, no ballots can be tabulated until Election Day. The authority to implement voting by mail stems from the Delaware Constitution. Article XVII of the Delaware Constitution mandates that in order to insure continuity of State and local governmental operations in periods of an emergency resulting from disease, the General Assembly shall have the power and immediate duty to adopt measures that may be necessary and proper for insuring the continuity of governmental operations including nonconformity with the requirements of the Constitution when in the judgment of the General Assembly to do so would be impracticable.
In 2020, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Procurement.. Description: This Act continues in effect a provision contained in the Sixth Modification of the Declaration of a State of emergency for the State of Delaware Due to a Public Health Threat issued on March 24, 2020 which allows the Director of Management and Budget to approve the extension of statutory time periods pertaining to procurement of goods and services by State agencies for up to 15 days, permits bids and proposals to be submitted electronically, allows for electronic execution of documents and dispenses with any requirement that bids or responses to requests for proposals be published and recorded in the presence of interested parties.
In 2020, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Titles 18 And 24 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Telemedicine Services.. Description: House Substitute No. 1 for House Bill No. 348 differs from HB 348 in the following ways:
In 2020, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 4 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Alcoholic Liquors.. Description: This bill codifies portions of the Second and Nineteenth Modifications of the Governor's Declaration of State of Emergency due to COVID-19 concerning food and drink establishments. Food and drink establishments suffered great losses since March, 2020 due to the pandemic including millions of dollars in lost sales and the loss of an estimated 30,000 jobs in this State. This purpose of this bill is to continue efforts to try and mitigate the losses this industry has suffered. This bill does all of the following: (1) allows an entity that has a valid on-premise license to sell alcohol to continue to alcoholic beverages as part of transactions for take-out, curbside, or drive-through food service so long as certain conditions are met; (2) allows a licensee to continue to use outdoor seating for serving of food and drinks so long as the licensee satisfies certain conditions; (3) allows the Commissioner to temporarily suspend a license only if the Commissioner has reasonable grounds to believe that public's safety is at risk and there has been a violation of the law; and (4) allows the Commissioner to hold hearings by electronic, telephonic, or remote means.
In 2020, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 11 The Delaware Code Relating To Chokeholds.. Description: This Act creates the crime of Aggravated Strangulation. A person is guilty of Aggravated Strangulation if the person is a law-enforcement officer, and while acting within the persons official capacity as a law-enforcement officer, knowingly or intentionally uses a chokehold on another person. Under this Act, a chokehold is only justifiable when the person reasonably believes deadly force is warranted in order to protect the life of a civilian or law-enforcement officer. Aggravated Strangulation is a Class D felony unless the law-enforcement officer using a chokehold causes serious physical injury or death to another person thereby elevating the crime to a Class C felony. This Act also makes clear that if a person is charged under this section, such a charge shall not preclude or limit the State or any other prosecuting agency from bringing other criminal charges against the person.
In 2020, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Titles 29 And 19 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Unemployment Compensation In Response To The Covid-19 Pandemic.. Description: Prior to the pandemic occasioned by the novel coronavirus (COVID-19), approximately 500 initial unemployment claims were filed in Delaware each week. Between March 15 and May 30, 2020, the Department of Labor received over 100,000 initial claims, bringing the average number of pandemic related unemployment, extended and new federal benefit claims to an average of 10,000 per week. Although it is too early to know the total amount of pandemic-related claims that will be appealed to the Board, the massive increase in overall claims is expected to generate a commensurate increase in the number of appeals.
In 2020, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Powers Of The Delaware Secretary Of Labor Related To Unemployment Compensation In Response To The Covid-19 Pandemic.. Description: This Act extends provisions in the First and Twentieth Modifications to the Declaration of a State of Emergency due to a Public Health Threat which authorize the Delaware Secretary of Labor to issue emergency rules amending the Delaware Unemployment Insurance Code to enhance flexibility in the program to meet the burden of temporary layoffs, isolation and quarantine suffered by Delaware employees as a result of the pandemic.
In 2020, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Department Of Health And Social Services.. Description: This Act creates the 17-person Behavioral Health Planning and Advisory Council to the Division of Substance Abuse and Mental Health and ensures the Council will satisfy the requirements of Title XIX of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 300x-4(a)). The Act designates the Council as Delawares State Mental Health Planning Council under Title XIX of the Public Health Services Act (42 U.S.C. 300x). The Act also makes clear that the Council is a public body for the purposes of the Freedom of Information Act.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 16 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Delaware Litter Control Law.. Description: This Act addresses the serious problem of individuals dumping large quantities of trash on public and private property, by:
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Delaware Population Consortium.. Description: Since 1975, the Delaware Population Consortium has prepared a unified set of statewide population projections each year. These projections are used for a variety of purposes including capital planning, policy analysis, comprehensive planning, and transportation planning. All 3 counties are required by State law to utilize these projections to prepare their required comprehensive plans. However, the Delaware Population Consortium does not exist in State law. This Act formally creates the Delaware Population Consortium, identifies its membership and work products, and requires that all counties, municipalities, school districts, and State agencies use the Consortiums projections for planning and policy purposes.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 19 And Title 29 Of The Delaware Code And Chapter 280, Volume 81 Of The Laws Of Delaware Relating To Collective Bargaining For State Employees.. Description: This Act eliminates the set bargaining unit classifications established in 19 Del. C. § 1311A(b) and allows exclusive representatives of bargaining units to work with the Secretary of the Department of Human Resources to organize or consolidate bargaining units in a manner in which they can agree for purposes of collective bargaining. It also eliminates the requirement that exclusive bargaining representatives of exclusive bargaining units form a coalition for collective bargaining. The Act eliminates the provision allowing for an employee organization to seek to be certified for unrepresented employees. The Act provides that parties may engage in collective bargaining for compensation in conjunction with or separately from collective bargaining for terms and conditions. It requires that the negotiation of collective bargaining agreements be staggered over time while providing that collective bargaining agreements currently in place remain in place until they expire by their own terms. While the Act allows for exclusive representatives to bargain for different pay rate increases, it prohibits the compensation of bargaining units from exceeding the pay ranges for each pay grade as established each year in the appropriations act. In addition, it retains the existing scope of bargaining contained in 19 Del.C. Section 1311A(a).
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend The Laws Of Delaware Relating To Bond And Capital Improvements Acts Of The State Of Delaware And Certain Of Their Authorities For The Fiscal Years Ending June 30, 2018 And June 30, 2019.. Description: This Act amends the Fiscal Years 2018 and 2019 Bond and Capital Improvements Acts to (1) authorize the Department of Transportation to use Community Transportation Funds for one-time reimbursements for various projects; (2) allow the transfer of funds between capital projects for the Appoquinimink School District; (3) authorize a transfer of funds from the Office of Management and Budget for other listed projects; (4) revise the fund amount for the Garashes L Project and expand the use of funds for road projects at the Wilmington Riverfront Sports Project; (5) authorize funding from the Delaware Strategic Fund when interest earnings are not available for the New Castle County and Middletown Chamber of Commerces business incubators; (6) authorize the Delaware National Guard to use appropriated funds for the 198th Readiness Center Facilities and Georgetown Readiness Center; and (7) authorize the conveyance of property between the Appoquinimink School District and the Town of Middletown.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 15 Relating To Voter Registration.. Description: This Act is identical to Senate Bill No. 127 from the 149th General Assembly, which was passed by the Senate and reported out of the House Administration Committee. This Act corrects an inadvertent error in Delaware law that has permitted people younger than 18 years of age to vote in final-stage elections. People must be 18 years of age or older to be eligible to vote in a final-stage election such as general elections, special elections, school board elections, and school district referendums. However, people younger than 18 years of age can vote in any preliminary election, such as primary elections, if they will be 18 years of age at the time of the final-stage election.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 26 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Generating Systems With The New Society Of Automotive Engineers Electric Safety Standard.. Description: This Act facilitates electric vehicle and grid-integrated electric vehicle interconnection by including the Society of Automotive Engineers industrial safety standard, J3072, which sets safety requirements for electric vehicles that provide power from their batteries back to the electric grid.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Division Of The Public Advocate.. Description: This Act clarifies that the Public Advocate may appear before any federal or State court or federal or State administrative body in matters involving public utility rates, services, and practices of public utilities. This Act also makes technical corrections to conform existing law to the standards of the Delaware Legislative Drafting Manual.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 16 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Provision Of Information About Lyme Disease.. Description: This Act, modeled on similar laws in Virginia and Maryland, requires a health-care provider to provide notice to a patient at the time blood is drawn to perform a laboratory test for Lyme disease that explains the limitations of the test and instructs the patient to see their health-care provider if the patient continues to experience unexplained symptoms. This Act is consumer and patient friendly.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 21 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Special Registration Plates For Motorcycles.. Description: This Act authorizes the Division of Motor Vehicles (Division) to issue special registration plates to motorcycle clubs without having to enact a special law for each request. A motorcycle club must have 50 applications for its special registration plate before the Division is required to issue a special registration plate; however, the requirement is reduced to 25 for certain motorcycle clubs.
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing June As Caribbean American Heritage Month In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This House Concurrent Resolution recognizes the month of June 2019 as Caribbean American Heritage Month in the State of Delaware.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 6 And Title 26 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Public Service Commission And The Regulation Of Motor Vehicle Dealers And Public Utilities.. Description: This bill makes minor changes and technical corrections to the Public Service Commissions (PSC) authority regarding motor vehicle assessments, cable and telephone regulation, and electric supplier reporting.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 15 Of The Delaware Code Relating The Agreement Among The States To Elect The President By National Popular Vote.. Description: Act enacts the National Popular Vote compact, which changes the Electoral College from an institution that reflects the voters state-by-state choices into a body that reflects the voters nationwide choice. Currently, state statutes require that electoral votes are controlled by the plurality of the voters in the state but this system is not required by the U.S. Constitution or federal law. The National Popular Vote compact requires that each member state award its electoral votes to the presidential candidate who received the largest number of popular votes in all 50 states and the District of Columbia. The National Popular Vote compact becomes effective when it is enacted by states collectively possessing a majority of the electoral votes. When the National Popular Vote compact takes effect, the presidential candidate receiving the most popular votes in all 50 states and the District of Columbia would be guaranteed enough electoral votes in the Electoral College to be elected to the Presidency.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Department Of Safety And Homeland Security.. Description: This Act changes the employee classification of the Office of Highway Safety (OHS) director position from merit to exempt. The Department of Safety and Homeland Security (Department) is requesting the change to make the Departments director position employee classifications consistent. The Department is seeking the change while the OHS Director position is vacant.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 16 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Medical Marijuana.. Description: This Substitute differs from Senate Bill No. 24 by requiring a patient to apply for a compassionate use medical marijuana card when a doctor recommends medical marijuana to a patient who does not have a qualifying debilitating medical condition. To apply for a compassionate use card, this Substitute requires:
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 11, Title 16, And Title 30 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Delivery And Sales Of Tobacco Products.. Description: This Act restricts access to tobacco products and tobacco substitutes to individuals under age 21 by doing all of the following:
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 11 And Title 16 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Falsely Reporting An Incident.. Description: Sections 1 and 2 of this Act make clear that an individual who is the subject of a false report is a victim and is entitled to restitution and the benefits of the Victims Bill of Rights.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 24 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Nursing.. Description: This Act, named the Share the Care Act, permits an individual employed by a personal assistance services agency to administer medications to an adult individual who resides in the individuals own home if a responsible caregiver does the following:
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 21 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Penalties For Unlawfully Parking In An Area Designated For Or Using The Privileges Of An Individual With A Disability.. Description: This Act increases the penalties for parking in an area designated for a vehicle being used by an individual with a disability. For a first offense this Act increases the monetary penalty from $100 to $200. For a subsequent offense, this Act increases the monetary penalty from $200 to $300. The offenses subject to these increased penalties are included without change in lines 4 through 27 to add context.
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 24 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Athlete Agents.. Description: This Act adopts the Uniform Law Commission's Revised Athlete Agents Act ("Revised Act"), revising Chapter 54, Title 24 of the Delaware Code, which is based on the Uniform Law Commission's Uniform Athlete Agents Act ("Uniform Act").
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 21 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Motor Vehicles.. Description: The Department of Transportation is already authorized to issue multi-trip permits for pole and piling semitrailers and double-bottom vehicles, also known as twin trailers, on a monthly basis. This Act authorizes the Department to also issue the permits on an annual basis. The existing law provides that a monthly permit must be issued for a specified period; an annual permit, in contrast, is not limited to a specified period.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 6 Of The Delaware Code Relating Patient Brokering.. Description: This Act prohibits the practice known as patient brokering, which is the practice where patient brokers are paid a fee to place insured people in treatment centers so that the treatment centers receive thousands of dollars in insurance claim payments for each patient. Increasingly, patient brokers fraudulently enroll patients in low-deductible health plans with out-of-network treatment benefits. Patient brokers target individuals with substance use disorders, who are told that they are receiving their treatment through a scholarship. Not only does this perpetrate fraud against insurers, when insurance plans are terminated for nonpayment of the premium, individuals are discharged from the treatment program with no services or housing and often in a state that is far from home.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 16 Of The Delaware Code Creating A Prescription Opioid Impact Fund.. Description: This Act creates a Prescription Opioid Impact Fund (Fund) through a prescription opioid impact fee (Fee) that is paid by pharmaceutical manufacturer. The anticipated revenue from the Fee is $2.8 million in 2020, $2.7 million in 2021, and $2.5 million in 2022.:
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 18 Of The Delaware Code Related To Health Insurance Contracts.. Description: This Act revises Delaware Insurance Code provisions related to the individual and group health insurance markets to directly incorporate into Delaware law the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Acts consumer protections related to the following:
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 4, Title 10, Title 11, And Title 16 Of The Delaware Code Relating Expungement Of Records Of Adult Arrest And Conviction.. Description: In our modern society, a criminal record can limit a persons opportunities and the quality of life they can achieve for themselves and their families for years, and even decades, after that person has completed the terms of the criminal sentence imposed. Even the existence of an arrest record with no conviction can limit job opportunities, housing, access to higher education, credit, and access to jobs that require professional licensing.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 11 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Victim-offender Mediation.. Description: The Victim-Offender Mediation Committee was established by the 138th General Assembly in 1996. There have been no significant changes to the statute since then. The composition of the Committee and the nature of the services provided by vendors selected to provide victim-offender mediation services, however, has changed since the program's inception in 1996. For example, the Court of Common Pleas is the principal beneficiary of the program but is not a Committee member.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 14 And Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Establishment Of A Community College Infrastructure Fund.. Description: Delaware's statewide community college system, operated by Delaware Technical and Community College (the College), plays a critical role in the State's economy by providing workforce development, vocational training, and transfer education that connects Delawareans with good paying jobs within the State and region.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 10 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Juvenile Delinquency.. Description: This Act establishes that the age of offense and not the age of arrest determines jurisdiction for a person facing charges. Currently, if a person commits a delinquent act before age 18 but is arrested after age 18, the offense is automatically heard before the adult court of jurisdiction. See Howard v. State, 612 A.2d 158 (Del. 1992) (Table).
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 21 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Special License Plates.. Description: This Act expands applicability of the Delaware State Fair Centennial Limited Edition Special License Plate to vehicles with a manufacturer's gross vehicle weight rating of up to 26,000 pounds, and clarifies that vehicles owned by artificial entities qualify for this plate. This Act also removes a provision regarding vans, as that language is antiquated and no longer necessary.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 24 Of The Delaware Code Relating The Board Of Electrical Examiners.. Description: This Act modifies the impact of criminal history for applicants for licensure to the Board of Electrical Examiners (Board). Specifically, this Act:
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 4 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Underage Possession Or Consumption Of Alcohol.. Description: This Act makes the possession or consumption of alcohol by an individual under 21 years of age a civil offense. This Act also prohibits including information concerning a civil violation of the underage possession or consumption law on an individuals certified criminal record.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 16 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Marijuana.. Description: Under current law, the possession, use, or consumption of a personal use quantity of marijuana remains a crime for those under the age of 21 despite being a civil violation for adults. This Act makes the possession, use, or consumption of a personal use quantity of marijuana a civil violation for juveniles.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Titles 11 And 16 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Controlled Substances.. Description: This Act simplifies Delawares drug code with a goal of providing more fairness in its application. This Act removes geographic-based enhancements that disproportionately impact those living in urban areas as opposed to suburban and rural areas. This Act reduces the number of weight tiers from 5 to 3 with adjustments to accompanying sentences while retaining higher felony levels for weights that indicate drug dealing. This Act reflects the reality that the road to recovery from a drug addiction is difficult by removing automatic sentence enhancements based on prior drug offenses, and instead allowing discretion during sentencing to determine when a repeat offender requires substantive additional penalty.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Public Works Contracting.. Description: This Act requires that bidders for public works contracts that are above a minimum value and required to provide the prevailing wage include approved craft training programs for journeyman and apprentice levels if the contract is not for a federal highway project. This Substitute Act differs from Senate Bill No. 48 as follows:
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Delaware Native Species Commission.. Description: This Act revises the Delaware Native Species Commission by doing the following:
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend The Charter Of The Town Of Millsboro Relating To Contracts.. Description: The Town Council for the Town of Millsboro determined that the way they award contracts should be improved. The amount that initiates the process is increased from $20,000 to $50,000 to better reflect the current cost of ordinary purchases that the Town must make. This Act also allows the Town of Millsboro to have the ability to award a contract to a bidder other than the lowest bidder while also laying out the factors that the Town Council must use in determining who is a responsive and responsible bidder in accordance with their bid vetting process.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 16 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Exceptions To Selling Or Possessing Fireworks.. Description: Diwali is a 5-day festival of lights, celebrated by millions of Hindus, Sikhs, and Jains across the world. The dates for Diwali change each year, but it usually falls in October or November. Fireworks are an essential component of Diwali and the third day of Diwali is the height of the festival.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 21 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Size And Weight Of Vehicles And Loads And Motor Carrier Safety - Responsibility.. Description: This Bill codifies Delawares compatibility with certain sections of the Federal Code of Regulations related to weight of vehicles and loads and commercial vehicle safety. Delaware enforces violations contained in the Code of Federal Regulations Parts 374, 385, and 386 and wishes to formally adopt those parts and any subsequent amendments thereto.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 4 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Alcoholic Liquors.. Description: This Act modernizes the process and requirements for issuance of liquor licenses for off premises consumption. The current process and requirements do not consider population growth. Minimum distance requirements are enhanced while increases in population growth will now be considered to arrive at a safety and convenience balance. This Act also grandfathers existing licensees into the current process.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 4 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Alcohol Liquors.. Description: This Act makes clear that a retail licensee may only purchase authorized product from an importer, also known as wholesaler, except that a retail licensee may purchase up to 20 gallons a day from a premises licensed to sell for off-premises consumption. This Act also clarifies that off-premises licensees may sell untapped kegs for off-premises consumption.
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 21 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Removal Of Ice And Snow From Moving Vehicles.. Description: This Act requires that accumulated snow and ice be removed from services of a vehicle before it is operated and imposes a civil penalty for a violation. This Act also creates a civil penalty for each instance where snow or ice dislodges from a moving vehicle and causes property damage or personal injury but this penalty is not an exclusive remedy for property damage or personal injury.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 11 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Crimes.. Description: This bill clarifies that in order to be found guilty of prostitution the person must be 18 years or older.
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 14 And Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Charter School Audits.. Description: This Act authorizes the Governor, Attorney General, Secretary of the Department, or General Assembly to request, and requires the Auditor of Accounts conduct or contract for, an audit of a charter school's business and financial transactions, records, and accounts in certain circumstances.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Department Of Transportation.. Description: State economic development officials pursue economic development opportunities that, if realized, would have significant impact on Delaware's future economic health and competitiveness. Such situations frequently require expeditious action and the need to enhance Delaware's transportation infrastructure on a timeline and schedule that is outside the 6 year Capital Transportation Program.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 6 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Delaware Equal Accommodations Law.. Description: The Delaware Equal Accommodations Law, Chapter 45 of Title 6 of the Delaware Code, prevents discrimination against people because of their race, age, marital status, creed, color, sex, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, or national origin.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend The Charter Of Georgetown Relating To The Power To Impose And Collect A Lodging Tax.. Description: This Act amends the Charter of Georgetown to give the Town Council the authority to impose and collect a lodging tax, as permitted by § 908 of Title 22.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 7 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Employment Of Enforcement Personnel To Enforce The Department Of Natural Resources And Environmental Control's Division Of Parks And Recreation's Rules And Regulations.. Description: This Act enables the Department of Natural Resources and Environmental Control to employ Seasonal Patrol Officers without conferring on the seasonal patrol officers all the powers of investigation, detention, and arrest conferred by law on peace officers or constables under § 4701(a)(8) of Title 7. Seasonal patrol officers will assist the Department's park rangers and have limited powers to enforce the Division of Parks and Recreation's rules and regulations.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 13 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Marriages.. Description: This Act reinstates the requirement that the Clerks of the Peace in each county maintain a registry of clergypersons or ministers who perform marriages in Delaware. Clergypersons or ministers of any religion desiring to perform wedding ceremonies must register with the Clerk of the Peace. Upon registering, he or she will receive an identification number that he or she must enter on the Certificate of Marriage for each wedding ceremony he or she performs. If the clergyperson or minister registers with the Clerk of the Peace in one county, he or she will be added to a statewide registry and will be able to perform weddings statewide. If a clergyperson or minister performs a wedding without being registered, the Clerk of the Peace can suspend or revoke that clergyperson or ministers ability to perform further weddings in Delaware.
In 2019, Delaware enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 18 And Title 24 Of The Delaware Code Relating Pharmacy Ownership And Pharmacy Benefits Managers.. Description: This Act protects consumers from paying high prices for prescription drugs by ensuring competition in the marketplace by doing the following:
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 24 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Professional Engineers.. Description: This bill serves to "decouple" the required examination in Principles and Practice of Engineering from the experience requirements. Applicants who have met their educational requirements may take the examination prior to completion of their experience. (This amendment does not apply to applicants who become licensed solely through experience without an educational component.) Decoupling serves to safeguard life, health, and property and promotes the public welfare by encouraging and facilitating engineering students and new engineers to pursue licensure without lowering the requirements for licensure. Currently, 16 states allow applicants to take the examination before completion of 4 years of experience. This bill also specifies that, for comity applicants, experience may be accepted even where it is obtained outside of the states, territories, or possessions of the United States, the District of Columbia, or provinces or territories of Canada.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 1 And Title 4 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Standard Time For This State.. Description: Daylight saving time has existed in one form or another for over 100 years. In that time, Delawareans have become accustomed to the 8 months of daylight saving time each year. This Act provides for Delaware to permanently remain on daylight saving time.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 30, Chapter 20 Of The Delaware Code Relating To New Economy Jobs Program Credits.. Description: This bill makes modification to the New Economy Jobs Credit allowing qualified employers to pro-rate their job creation activity in the first certified year, ensuring the indexation of the salary threshold is conducted prior to the calendar year to assist with business planning and establishing an incentive to qualified employers to maintain their employment thresholds.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 18 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Payment Of Life Insurance Claims.. Description: This Act makes the following changes to provisions required in life insurance policies issued in this State:
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 11 And Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Board Of Pension Trustees And The Administration Of Pension Plans.. Description: The Board of Pension Trustees has established policies and practices for the administration of the Delaware Public Employees Retirement System. House Bill 199 of the 149th General Assembly provided the initial changes to Delaware Code based on the recommendations of the Boards Best Practices review. This Act provides additional changes to the Delaware Code based on the review. The changes are summarized as follows:
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 21 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Special Registration Plates For Counties And Municipalities.. Description: This Act authorizes the Division of Motor Vehicles (Division) to issue special registration plates in support of Delaware's 3 counties and 57 municipalities without having to enact a special law for each request. If a municipality has less than 1,000 residents the Division may approve the issuance of a municipalitys special registration plate based on less than 50 applications.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 14 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Consent Education.. Description: This Act requires that the health education programs presented by the Department of Education include instruction on what it means to "consent" in the context of a sexual encounter.
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 11 And Title 16 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Eligibility Of Registered Qualifying Patients Under The Delaware Medical Marijuana Act To Purchase Or Possess Firearms.. Description: This Act clarifies existing law so that an individual is not disqualified from possessing or purchasing a firearm because the individual is a registered qualifying patient under the Delaware Medical Marijuana Act.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Fishing.. Description: This Act changes the composition of the Council on Recreational Fishing Funding.
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 24 Of The Delaware Code Relating To License To Practice Dentistry.. Description: This Act permits an individual to practice dentistry for the Division of Public Health (Division) under a provisional license. Delaware law provides several routes for entering practice on an interim basis until full licensure can be obtained, however, none of these routes specifically permit hiring by the Division with the intent to practice in a state-supported dental clinic. This Act will assist the Division in recruiting dentists to serve those in need.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 24 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Physical Therapy Licensure Compact.. Description: This Act adopts the Physical Therapy Licensure Compact (Compact). The Compact benefits the public by improving continuity of care, increasing license portability for military spouses, and increasing access to physical therapy providers. Under the Compact, physical therapists and physical therapist assistants licensed in a Compact member state may obtain an expedited license allowing licensees to practice in another Compact member state. In adopting the Compact, the state-based licensure system is preserved but communication between states is enhanced.
In 2020, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Titles 11 And 21 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Transfer Of Cases Between Alderman's Or Mayor's Courts And The Justice Of The Peace Court.. Description: This bill permits the administrative transfer of cases from an aldermans court or mayors court to the Justice of the Peace Court when such a transfer is in the interests of justice. This transferability may be used in cases where an alderman must recuse themselves pursuant to the Code of Judicial Conduct or where it is impracticable for the case to be heard in aldermans court. A transfer to the Justice of the Peace Court ensures that the receiving court is well prepared to handle the case due to the similarities in jurisdiction.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend The Charter Of Rehoboth Beach Relating To The Power To Impose And Collect A Lodging Tax.. Description: This Act amends the Charter of Rehoboth Beach to give the Commissioners the authority to impose and collect a lodging tax.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Designation Of A State Historical Aircraft.. Description: This act designates the Bellanca Cruisair as the official historical aircraft of Delaware.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 8 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The General Corporation Law.. Description: Section 1. Section 1 of this Act amends Section 108(b) to clarify that notice of an initial organization meeting may be given in writing or by electronic transmission. The amendments also eliminate the express requirement that a waiver of that notice be signed, to clarify that notice may be waived in any manner permitted by Section 229. Section 108(c) is being amended to clarify that a consent of incorporator may become effective in the future in the same manner that a consent of directors may become effective in the future under Section 141(f).
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Chapter 17, Title 6 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Creation, Regulation, Operation And Dissolution Of Domestic Limited Partnerships And The Registration And Regulation Of Foreign Limited Partnerships.. Description: This bill continues the practice of amending periodically the Delaware Revised Uniform Limited Partnership Act (the Act) to keep it current and to maintain its national preeminence. The following is a section-by-section review of the proposed amendments of the Act.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Chapter 15, Title 6 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Creation, Regulation, Operation And Dissolution Of Domestic Partnerships And The Registration And Regulation Of Foreign Limited Liability Partnerships.. Description: This bill continues the practice of amending periodically the Delaware Revised Uniform Partnership Act (the Act) to keep it current and to maintain its national preeminence. The following is a section-by-section review of the proposed amendments of the Act.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Chapter 18, Title 6 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Creation, Regulation, Operation And Dissolution Of Domestic Limited Liability Companies And The Registration And Regulation Of Foreign Limited Liability Companies.. Description: This bill continues the practice of amending periodically the Delaware Limited Liability Company Act (the Act) to keep it current and to maintain its national preeminence. The following is a section-by-section review of the proposed amendments of the Act.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 31 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Dental Care For Adult Medicaid Recipients.. Description: Delaware is one of only 3 states that does not offer some form of adult dental coverage through Medicaid (alongside Tennessee and Alabama).
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 4 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Alcoholic Liquors.. Description: This Act permits a horse racetrack to make and sell beer on the horse racetrack premises for consumption on or off the licensed premises. This Act also makes technical corrections to existing law.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 13 Of The Delaware Code Related To Adoption.. Description: Section 1 of this Act amends Section 903 of Title 13 of the Delaware Code. Substantively, this Act allows persons who are not married but who are cohabitating to jointly adopt a child that is not theirs. The Act also rewrites the statute so as to be more clearly understandable. Section 2 of this Act amends Section 951 of Title 13 of the Delaware Code. It allows persons who are not married but who are cohabitating to jointly adopt a child that is not theirs. The Act also changes the phrase "husband and wife" to "married couple."
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 19 And Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Contractor Registration.. Description: This Act provides a fair bidding environment for contractors who obey the law and protects the interests of workers and taxpayers by implementing recommendations from the review of the Workplace Fraud Act required by Senate Resolution No. 26 of the 149th General Assembly by making changes to the Workplace Fraud Act and creating the Delaware Contractor Registration Act.
In 2020, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The State Department Of Justice.. Description: In January of 2015, the Office of Civil Rights & Public Trust was created by the Attorney General to establish a centralized office within the Department of Justice for the investigation of matters concerning civil rights enforcement and the prosecution of matters concerning violations of the public trust. This office must remain an independent entity within the Department of Justice to avoid conflicts with other Department of Justice duties and thus effectively enforce laws protecting the public trust and civil rights.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Chapter 85, Title 11 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The National Crime Prevention And Privacy Compact.. Description: This Act ratifies the National Crime Prevention and Privacy Compact, 34 U.S.C. §40316 (formerly cited as 42 U.S.C. § 14616), a requirement that allows Delaware to join the Compact as a Party State. The Compact serves as the infrastructure by which states can exchange criminal records for noncriminal justice purposes according to the laws of the requesting state and provide reciprocity among the states to share records without charging each other for the information.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend The Charter Of The City Of Delaware City Relating To The Power To Raise Revenue.. Description: This Act amends the Municipal Charter of the City of Delaware City by allowing the Mayor and Council to impose a lodging tax of no more than 3%.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 16 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Uniform Controlled Substances Act.. Description: The opioid epidemic spreading through Delaware has reached critical levels, with 210 fentanyl-related deaths in 2017. This legislation will update the schedule for Fentanyl analogues, consistent with language used by the Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA). The Forensic Chemistry Unit at the Division of Forensic Science has confirmed the presence of these analogues in Delaware, but some of which are not currently scheduled under Title 16. This is directly related to continuous structural modifications of Fentanyl by illicit manufacturers. This legislation will close that gap and provide clarity to Title 16, consistent with federal law, by addressing ever-changing structural modifications being made in the illicit manufacture of Fentanyl. This legislative is aimed to curb the manufacture and distribution of illicit Fentanyl analogues and has no impact on the legal manufacture of Fentanyl for medical use.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 23 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Pilotage Rates.. Description: This Bill establishes the pilotage rates for the Pilots Association for the Bay and River Delaware for 2020, 2021 and 2022.
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 14 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Early Childhood Education.. Description: This Act amends Section 3001(d)(1) of Title 14 to require that the Department of Education ensure that the standards of the Delaware Stars for Early Success system are consistent with the regulations of the Office of Child Care Licensing. It also removes the Office of Child Care Licensing from the Department of Services for Children, Youth and Their Families and puts it within the Department of Education to facilitate that consistency.
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 11 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Probation Before Judgment.. Description: This bill clarifies that Probation Before Judgment (PBJ) may be entered for multiple charges arising from a single arrest. Changes to the legislation also allow for a defendant to be permitted Probation Before Judgment more than once in a five year period so long as offenses are in different titles of the Code. For example, a defendant who was granted PBJ in 2017 for speeding (title 21) would be eligible for PBJ on a title 11 charge (e.g. bad check) or title 4 (e.g. underage consumption of alcohol) in 2019.
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 21 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Requirement Of Insurance For All Motor Vehicles.. Description: This bill allows the Court to suspend an amount of the fine for uninsured driving if the defendant provides evidence that they have now secured insurance, demonstrating compliance with the law.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 11 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Civil Procedures To Relinquish Firearms Or Ammunition.. Description: This bill changes the standard of proof necessary to issue a civil gun relinquishment order from the Justice of the Peace Court. The preponderance of the evidence standard is the standard traditionally used in civil matters and is, therefore, appropriate here. This also makes the standard consistent with that required for a Lethal Violence Protective Order, which is highly similar in nature.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Common Interest Community Advisory Council.. Description: The Joint Legislative Oversight and Sunset Committee approved a project to work with the Governor's Office throughout 2018 and 2019 to identify antiquated boards, commissions, and councils that need statutory updates or outright repeals. The Common Interest Community Advisory Council was identified as needing a modification to provide that the Governors appointments are Delaware residents, rather than members of the executive board, of a common interest community. This change will make it easier to fill Council vacancies.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Architectural Accessibility Board.. Description: The Joint Legislative Oversight and Sunset Committee approved a project to work with the Governor's Office throughout 2018 and 2019 to identify antiquated boards, commissions, and councils that need statutory updates or outright repeals. The Architectural Accessibility Board was identified as needing updates to make it easier to fill vacancies and generally update language to modern legislative drafting standards.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Advisory Council To The Division Of Developmental Disabilities Services.. Description: The Joint Legislative Oversight and Sunset Committee approved a project to work with the Governor's Office throughout 2018 and 2019 to identify antiquated boards, commissions, and councils that need statutory updates or outright repeals. The Advisory Council to the Division of Developmental Disabilities Services was identified as needing updates to change terms to up to 3 years, remove political party balance, and make it easier to fill vacancies.
In 2020, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Council On Development Finance.. Description: The Joint Legislative Oversight and Sunset Committee approved a project to work with the Governor's Office throughout 2018 and 2019 to identify antiquated boards, commissions, and councils that need statutory updates or outright repeals. The Council on Development Finance was identified as needing to simplify the party balance requirement to make it easier to fill vacancies and update language regarding appointments and quorum.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 7 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Hazardous Substance Cleanup Act.. Description: This Act results from the Joint Legislative Oversight and Sunset Committee's review of the Hazardous Substance Cleanup Act Fund (HSCA Fund). Section 1 of the Act, which will take effect on January 1, 2021, provides that the Fund's 15% cap on administrative costs expenditures must be based on the average of the moneys deposited into the Fund over a period of the previous 10 fiscal years.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 24 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Board Of Social Work Examiners.. Description: This Act corrects a technical error in House Bill No. 311 of the 149th General Assembly. HB 311 was intended to allow the grandfathering of licenses under Chapter 39, Title 24 to occur up to 2 years after HB 311 was enacted. In fact, however, HB 311's effective date allowed for only 1 year. Under this Act, the grandfathering period will be for the intended period of 2 years.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Joint Legislative Oversight And Sunset Committee.. Description: This Act makes updates to the Joint Legislative Oversight and Sunset Act (JLOSC Act) to meet modern-day needs and practices.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 16 And Title 18 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Primary Care Reform Collaborative And The Creation Of The Office Of Value-based Health Care Delivery.. Description: This Act expands the membership of the Primary Care Reform Collaborative and creates an Office of Value-Based Health Care Delivery in the Department of Insurance to reduce health care costs by increasing the availability of high quality, cost-efficient health insurance products that have stable, predictable, and affordable rates. The Office of Value-Based Health Care Delivery will work with the Primary Care Reform Collaborative and the State benchmarking process.
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 24 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Real Estate Services, Brokers, Associate Brokers And Salespersons.. Description: This Act revises the circumstances under which an applicant can be denied a license by the Real Estate Commission because of a criminal conviction. Similar to the recent changes made other professional license requirements, this Act does all of the following:
In 2020, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 21 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Special Registration Plates To Support Migratory Shorebirds.. Description: This Act authorizes the Division of Motor Vehicles to issue migratory shorebird special registration plates.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 15 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Elections.. Description: This Act makes necessary changes to Delawares election laws based on the States purchase of new voting devices and establishes auditing requirements for the voting devices. The new voting devices will function differently than the existing voting devices and so election law must be updated to conform the law. The new voting devices allow each voter to view a paper ballot with the voters selections under glass for the voter to approve before pressing the final button to vote.
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 11 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Fines, Costs, Penalties, And Forfeitures.. Description: It is an unfortunate reality that many offenders have difficulty re-entering society. Without the ability to provide for themselves and their families through gainful employment, 67.8% of released prisoners are rearrested within three years of release nationally. One of the reasons that offenders have difficulty is because they often face the unrealistic requirement to pay off large fees and fines, which grow with interest if not paid, at the same time as they have to pay for housing, food, care for children, or other necessities of life. Failure to pay can result in the offender found to be in violation while on probation or being denied a pardon.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 30 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Pass-through Entities, Estates, And Trusts.. Description: Currently, non-resident pass-through entities, trusts, and estates are required to pay estimated income taxes anticipated to be due as a result of real estate transactions before each deed is recorded. The payment of estimated income taxes before each deed is recorded has become a burden on entities that transfer multiple parcels and on the Division of Revenue. In order to maximize time and improve personnel efficiencies within the Division of Revenue, this Act provides the Director with the ability to exempt nonresident pass-through entities involved in the sale or exchange of Delaware real estate from the requirement of remitting estimated income taxes due with each deed to the Recorder before the deed is recorded. This act only allows the Director to grant exemptions as to the timing of the payment of estimated income taxes; it does not allow the Director to grant exemptions from paying income taxes.
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 18 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Line-of-duty Disability Benefits To Covered Firefighters.. Description: This Act expands eligibility for Line-of-Duty disability benefits to paid firefighters who work for municipal fire departments and to fire service instructors and fire marshals who work for the State and for nonphysical disabilities.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 19 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Unemployment Compensation.. Description: This Act changes the penalty for an employers failure to file a report required by the Division of Unemployment Insurance from $17.25 to 15% of the total contributions paid or payable by the employer, unless 15% of the total contributions is less than $100 or more than $450. If 15% of the total contributions is less than $100, the penalty is $100. If 15% of the total contributions is more than $450, the penalty is $450.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 19 And Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Unemployment Compensation.. Description: This Act expands the collection procedures available to the Division of Unemployment Insurance to more closely match the collection procedures currently available to the Division of Revenue providing the Division of Unemployment Insurance with streamlined procedures to allow it to more quickly and easily execute on judgments for unpaid unemployment insurance tax assessments. These procedures include obtaining warrants for the levy and sale of property; extending liens; garnishments of wages, bank accounts, and other property; and denying or suspending professional licenses of judgment debtors. This Act also makes technical corrections to conform existing law to the standards of the Delaware Legislative Drafting Manual.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 21 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Size And Weight Of Vehicles And Loads.. Description: This Act authorizes the State and its counties and municipalities to install and use vehicle height monitoring systems ("vehicle height monitoring system") to assist in the enforcement of applicable State, county, or municipal law regarding motor vehicle size. This Act is patterned after Maryland's vehicle height monitoring system law, under which the City of Baltimore recently implemented an ordinance to use vehicle height monitoring system.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 18 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Life And Health Insurance Guaranty Association Act.. Description: This Act updates the Delaware Life and Health Insurance Guaranty Association Act (Delaware Act) to conform Delaware law to revisions made to the National Association of Insurance Commissioners (NAIC) Life and Health Insurance Guaranty Association Model Act (Model Act).
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 21 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Special Animal Welfare License Plates.. Description: This Act revises the membership of the Fund Committee for special animal welfare license plates by including the Executive Directors of organizations instead of the presidents of the organizations board of directors and adds the Executive Director of the Brandywine Valley SPCA to the Fund Committee.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 10 Of The Delaware Code Related To Courts And Judicial Procedure.. Description: Under current Delaware law, the county sheriffs offices are required to appraise goods that are being levied upon to pay debts. In addition, the sheriffs offices can be held liable to pay the debts of a judgment debtor if, for example, they inadvertently neglect to make a return on a writ of execution. The appraisal provisions in Title 10 of the Delaware Code addressed in this act are out-of-date and impractical to implement. On the subject of the liability of the sheriff's offices, it is a questionable policy to require the sheriffs office to pay the debt of a judgment debtor for an inadvertent mistake in handling the procedure to levy upon and sell the debtors property. This act repeals the appraisal provisions in Title 10 related to the sheriffs offices. It also repeals provisions imposing liability on the sheriffs office to pay debt obligations of debtors who fail to pay their bills, when the sheriffs office commits an error through neglect.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Governor's Council On Agriculture.. Description: The Joint Legislative Oversight and Sunset Committee approved a project to work with the Governor's Office throughout 2018 and 2019 to identify antiquated boards, commissions, and councils that need statutory updates or outright repeals. The Governor's Council on Agriculture was identified as needing updates to require 7 members rather than up to 7 members, and to remove the party balance requirement to make it easier to fill vacancies. Consideration must given to geographical and other diversities when appointing members.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 16 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Unlawful Possession, Distribution, Delivery, Or Sale Of Drug Masking Products.. Description: This Act creates the crimes of unlawful possession of a drug masking product, punishable as a class A misdemeanor, and unlawful distribution, delivery, or sale of a drug masking product, punishable as a class E felony. Drug masking products are designed to be added to human urine or human hair to defraud alcohol or drug urine screening tests.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 14 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Delaware Advisory Council On Career And Technical Education.. Description: This Act is the result of the Joint Legislative Oversight and Sunset Committees review of the Delaware Advisory Council on Career and Technical Education (DACCTE), and does the following:
In 2020, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 16 And Title 11 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Cruelty To Dogs And Specifications For Humane Handling, Care And Treatment Of Dogs.. Description: In an effort to ensure the safety and wellbeing of dogs, this legislation improves shelter and tether standards in hazardous weather conditions, including clarifying restrictions on outdoor housing and tethering for dogs during hazardous weather conditions that pose a serious adverse risk to the health and safety of dogs. This bill also aims to improve public safety by prohibiting dogs from running at-large without a leash in public outdoor settings, with the exception of working dogs and permits dogs off leash on private property or where property owner has given the dog owner permission.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 9 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Wireless Communication Leases For New Castle County Park Areas And Open Space.. Description: This Act will expand New Castle Countys limited authority to lease park land or land held in public trust to include leases for erecting, maintaining and operating wireless communications facilities. State law currently limits public land leases to those for recreational purposes and related activities. At common law, the State legislature must approve transfers or changes in the use of park land; however, this function may be delegated to municipalities through legislative action.
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Economic Development.. Description: Both the Delaware Strategic Fund (Title 29, Chapter 87A, Subchapter II) and the Delaware Technical Innovation Fund (Title 29, Chapter 87A, Subchapter III) provide funding for Delaware businesses, including new businesses in growing technology-related fields. The Delaware Strategic Fund is intended to assist in the development of startup strategies such as seed capital and incubator programs. The Delaware Technical Innovation Fund is intended to promote coordination with Delawares institutions of higher education and the private sector to commercialize innovative products and processes developed by small businesses. This act encourages Delawares institutions of higher education to assist foreign-born, student entrepreneurs, who are engaged in the development of new businesses and technologies in Delaware, to provide them with assistance in maintaining proper legal status within the United States.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 24 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Adult Establishments.. Description: This Act prohibits a new adult entertainment establishment or adult-oriented retail establishment from operating in a building in which an adult entertainment establishment or adult-oriented retail establishment previously operated.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Plans Management Board.. Description: The Plans Management Board (the Board) oversees and administers the State's Deferred Compensation Program authorized under chapter 60A of Title 29 of the Delaware Code. The Deferred Compensation Program encompasses the following 3 distinct supplemental retirement plans authorized under the Internal Revenue Code: the State's deferred compensation plan under 26 U.S.C. § 457(b); the State's tax-sheltered annuity plan for certain education employees under § 403(b); and the States employer match plan under 26 U.S.C. § 401(a). The Board also oversees and administers the States College Investment Plan under 26 U.S.C. § 529, authorized by Subchapter XII, Chapter 34 of Title 14 of the Delaware Code, and the States Achieving a Better Life Experience (ABLE) Program, authorized by Chapter 96A of Title 16 of the Delaware Code. None of these plans is subject to the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (ERISA).
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Authorize And Approve The Transfer Of Certain State Of Delaware Owned Real Property In Kent County To The Town Of Smyrna.. Description: This Act authorizes the Department of Health and Social Services to transfer to the Town of Smyrna excess land around the Delaware Hospital for the Chronically Ill, which borders on Lake Como, for $1.00. The land shall be used to expand the size of the park around Lake Como.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 21 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Accident Statistics And Reports.. Description: This Act allows the Department of Safety and Homeland Security to share accident reports and the data in the reports with the Department of Transportation. This Act also allows the Department of Transportation to provide certain de-identified data from accident reports to limited requestors.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 14 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Public Schools.. Description: This Act creates the Redding Consortium for Educational Equity ("Consortium"), which replaces the Wilmington Education Improvement Commission ("WEIC"). The Consortium has multiple purposes. First, it will recommend policies and practices to the Governor, General Assembly, and Secretary of Education regarding educational equity and educational outcomes in the City of Wilmington and northern New Castle County. Second, the Consortium will monitor educational progress and outcomes for students in the City of Wilmington and for all low-income, English learners and at-risk students in northern New Castle County and report on the same. Third, the Consortium will make recommendations to the Governor and the General Assembly regarding improvement in public education in the City of Wilmington and northern New Castle County. Fourth, it will evaluate the need for additional or alternative educational facilities in the City of Wilmington. Fifth, it will develop policy proposals to be introduced through legislation to improve teaching and learning in district and charter schools in the City of Wilmington and northern New Castle County. Sixth, it will develop a proposal for redistricting in the City of Wilmington and northern New Castle County. Seventh, it will research the viability of the New Castle County Tax District and Tax Pool. The Act specifies who will be appointed to the Consortium and how it will be staffed. Its first meeting must occur on or before September 1, 2019.
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 14 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Kindergarten Registration.. Description: This Act requires the Department of Education (Department) to establish a uniform kindergarten registration process. The Department must establish a uniform kindergarten registration process by the 2021 through 2022 school year and the school districts and charter schools must use the process beginning with the 2022 through 2023 school year.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Department Of Technology And Information To Establish A Statewide Shared Technology Services Model To Facilitate Digital Government For Citizens, Increase Efficiency, And Control Security Risks.. Description: This legislation is based on information technology (IT) recommendations of the Government Efficiency and Accountability Review (GEAR) Board established by Governor Carneys Executive Order Four. This act modernizes Chapter 90C of Title 29 of the Delaware Code and authorizes the establishment of a shared IT services model for state agencies. The shared services model centralizes the following duties and related executive branch personnel under DTI: technology end user support, cyber security, network management, server management, data management, IT project management, software application development/support, IT procurement oversight, IT fiscal planning, IT standards, and technology governance. This bill also reconstitutes the Technology Investment Council to increase state agency representation. The bill authorizes DTI to establish a transparent chargeback process for technology services in coordination with the Director of the Office of Management and Budget and the Controller General.
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Services For Adults With Intellectual And Developmental Disabilities.. Description: This Act establishes the Quality Improvement Advisory Council (Advisory Council) to promote collaboration and problem-solving with stakeholders in the system of care administered by the Division of Developmental Disabilities Services (the Division). The Division, in consultation with the Advisory Council, must submit an annual report to the General Assembly and the Department of Health and Social Services on specific performance measures affecting services to adults with intellectual and developmental disabilities.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend The Laws Of Delaware And Title 4, Title 6, Title 10, Title 11, Title 15, Title 16, Title 19, Title 24, Title 25, And Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Technical Corrections.. Description: In January 2019, the Code Revisors provided the General Assembly with a list of potential technical corrections that they identified as they revised the Delaware Code to reflect legislation that was enacted by the 149th General Assembly in 2018 or as they reviewed titles of the Code. While technical in nature, these changes are beyond the authority of the Code Revisors to make and can only be done by the General Assembly through legislation. This Act also includes technical corrections identified outside of the list provided by the Code Revisors.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Relating To The Department Of Health And Social Services And Behavioral Health Care Connection.. Description: This Act allows law-enforcement officers to share an individual's identifying information with the Division of Substance Abuse and Mental Health ("DSAMH") if the officer suspects the individual is suffering from an overdose or a mental health crisis, allowing DSAMH to connect the individual with behavioral health treatment services.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend The Charter Of Millville Relating To The Power To Impose And Collect A Lodging Tax.. Description: This Act amends the Charter of Millville to give the Town Council the authority to impose and collect a lodging tax.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 14 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Free Public Schools And Transportation.. Description: This Act encourages school districts and charter schools to cooperate to ensure that State appropriations for school transportation are used efficiently by doing the following:
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 16 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Inspections Of Food Establishments.. Description: This Act requires that the State food safety standards include a system for grading and classifying inspection results that identifies and represents a food establishment's degree of compliance with the standards. This Act also requires that the Department of Health and Social Services form a stakeholder panel to provide advice regarding the content of the system for grading and classifying inspection results for food establishments, which will be effective on July 1, 2021.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Transfer Land Between The Town Of Smyrna And The State Of Delaware.. Description: This Act allows for the transfer of a particular parcel of land in Smyrna along Route 13. In the 147th General Assembly, the State was allowed to transfer this parcel of land, where a fire tower once stood, to the Town of Smyrna, but the land could only ever be used for a public purpose. The parcel in question is surrounded on both sides by parcels owned by the same private citizen. The Town and the private citizen wish to exchange their respective parcels so that the private citizens two parcels are thereafter contiguous. Because the land reverts to the ownership of the State if it ever stops being used for a public purpose, the Town cannot deed the land to the private individual. Therefore, this Act allows the State to receive the parcel from the Town and to then re-convey it to the Town without the requirement that it be forever used for a public purpose. The reconveyance will, however, allow the State to put an antenna on any water tower that the Town may build on the parcel or an adjacent parcel.
In 2020, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 10 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Delaware Uniform Civil Remedies For Unauthorized Disclosure Of Intimate Images Act.. Description: This Act adopts the Uniform Civil Remedies for Unauthorized Disclosure of Intimate Images Act. This Act addresses an increasingly common form of abuse that can cause severe and often irreversible harm: the disclosure of private, sexually explicit images without consent. Much of the abuse is carried out electronically through internet websites, social media, email, or text messages, making it an interstate problem that is particularly suited for treatment by uniform state laws. This Act provides a uniform, comprehensive, clear, fair, and constitutionally sound definition of this harmful conduct and remedies for the harm it causes.
In 2020, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 16 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Medical Marijuana.. Description: This Act creates a CBD-Rich card medical marijuana card to treat anxiety in adults. This Act also requires that a registry identification card state the type of card that is issued to clearly identify qualifying adult patients, qualifying pediatric patients, designated caregivers, and CBD-Rich patients.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Delaware Technical And Community College.. Description: This Bill is a housekeeping measure to correct the name of the Delaware Technical and Community College as was intended in earlier legislation.
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: An Act To Establish The Universal Pre-k Consortium.. Description: This Act establishes the Universal Pre-K Consortium to recommend a comprehensive plan for the implementation of a mixed-delivery, non-compulsory public pre-kindergarten program for all 4 year olds in this State.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 14 Relating To Eligibility For Seed Grants.. Description: Currently, the SEED program allows students a maximum of 6 semesters to complete an Associate Degree. This Bill allows SEED eligible students who complete their Associate Degree in fewer than 6 semesters to apply the remaining semesters of the grant toward a Bachelors Degree at either the University of Delaware or Delaware Technical and Community College.
In 2020, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 21 Relating To Suspension Of Driver's Licenses For School Expulsion.. Description: This amendment brings into conformity the provisions of Title 21 with those of Title 14 relating to the revocation of a students driving privileges when he or she is expelled from a public school. Prior amendments to Title 14, Section 4130 and Title 21, Section 2707 removed the requirement that the Secretary of the Department of Motor Vehicles revoke a students driving privileges upon notice from the superintendent of a public school that the student had been expelled. This amendment accomplishes the intent of those prior amendments by removing surplus language in the parallel section of Title 21.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 9 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Counties.. Description: The Act allows the Kent County Levy Court to impose a lodging tax not greater than 3% in Kent County.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: A Bond And Capital Improvements Act Of The State Of Delaware And Certain Of Its Authorities For The Fiscal Year Ending June 30, 2020; Authorizing The Issuance Of General Obligation Bonds Of The State; Appropriating Funds From The Transportation Trust Fund; Authorizing The Issuance Of Revenue Bonds Of The Delaware Transportation Authority; Appropriating Special Funds Of The Delaware Transportation Authority; Appropriating General Funds Of The State; Reprogramming Certain Funds Of The State; Specifying Certain Procedures, Conditions And Limitations For The Expenditure Of Such Funds; And Amending Certain Statutory Provisions.. Description: This Bill is the Fiscal Year 2020 Bond and Capital Improvements Act.
In 2020, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 21 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Traffic Control Devices For Size And Weight Of Vehicles And Loads.. Description: This Act makes the following changes related to traffic control devices erected on order of the Secretary of the Department of Transportation (Secretary) limiting the size and weight of vehicles and loads permitted on a specific highway:
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend The Charter Of The Municipal Service Commission Of The City Of New Castle.. Description: This Act makes a technical correction to the charter of the New Castle City Municipal Services Commission. This changed language was passed in HB 344 of the 148th General Assembly, but, for technical reasons, it was not reflected in the Charter.
In 2020, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 21 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Driving A Vehicle While Under The Influence.. Description: This Act clarifies Delawares driving under the influence (DUI) law related to intensive inpatient or outpatient drug and alcohol treatment for felony DUI offenders. The current law has resulted in differing interpretations regarding treatment; specifically, whether treatment must be completed while incarcerated (Level V) or at home confinement (Level IV), rather than at community supervision (Level III or Level II). This has resulted in extending incarceration for some offenders or requiring out-of-state offenders to reside in Delaware to complete the mandated drug and alcohol abstinence program and drug and alcohol treatment program under § 4177(d)(9) of Title 21.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Titles 14 And 31 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Early Childhood Education.. Description: This Act amends Section 3001(d)(1) of Title 14 to require that the Department of Education ensure that the standards of the Delaware Stars for Early Success system are consistent with the regulations of the Office of Child Care Licensing. It also removes the Office of Child Care Licensing from the Department of Services for Children, Youth and Their Families and puts it within the Department of Education to facilitate that consistency. This Act clarifies the legal effect of the transfer of the Office of Child Care Licensing from the Department of Services for Children, Youth and Their Families to the Department Education. It also creates a requirement that the Secretary of the Department Education and the Secretary of the Department of Services for Children, Youth and Their Families develop a transition plan for the transfer.
In 2020, Delaware enrolled a bill titled: An Act Proposing An Amendment To Article I Of The Delaware Constitution Relating To Equal Rights.. Description: Since the 14th Amendment to the United States Constitution was adopted on July 9, 1868, with Delaware ratifying it in 1901, at least 15 states have added a provision to their state constitution that prohibits the denial or abridgement of equal rights under the law based on race, color, or national origin.
In 2020, Delaware enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 13 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Marriage License Application.. Description: This Act removes the requirement that applicants for a marriage license state their race as part of the application process. Delaware is one of a small number of states that currently requires this information. In October 2019, the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia ruled that requiring marriage license applicants to provide their race violates the United States Constitution. In Delaware, the Clerks of the Peace, who are the points of data collection, have expressed support for this Act, as has the Office of Vital Statistics in the Department of Health and Social Services. The National Center for Health Statistics ("NCHS") has not requested detailed information from states regarding marriage and divorce since 1996. NCHS only requires states to provide the total number of marriages that occur each month.
In 2020, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend The Charter Of Greenwood.. Description: This Act revises the Charter of Greenwood as follows:
In 2020, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend The Charter Of The Town Of Slaughter Beach.. Description: This Act authorizes the Town of Slaughter Beach to acquire real and personal property located inside and outside the boundaries of the Town of Slaughter Beach.
In 2020, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 21 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Commercial Learner Permits.. Description: This Act brings the Division of Motor Vehicles into compliance with federal law by allowing a commercial learner permit to be issued for a period of up to 1 year.
In 2020, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Chapter 95, Volume 82 Of The Laws Of Delaware Relating To Marriages.. Description: This Act postpones the effective date of Senate Bill No. 67, enacted in 2019, from January 1, 2020, to July 1, 2020. The clerks of the peace for all 3 counties have indicated they intend to postpone implementation of Senate Bill No. 67, so as to allow additional time for engagement with leaders of faith communities to identify any additional changes to the marriage registry structure or to its implementation or enforcement.
In 2020, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 9 Of The Delaware Code Relating To A Kent County Lodging Tax.. Description: This Act repeals the authority granted to Kent County Levy Court to impose a lodging tax to benefit the Kent County Regional Sports Complex Corporation, also known as DE Turf. This authority was granted by Chapter 102 of Volume 82 of the Laws of Delaware (Senate Substitute No. 2 for Senate Bill No. 178), which was enacted during the first session of the 150th General Assembly.
In 2020, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend The Delaware Code Relating To The Delaware Health Information Network.. Description: This Act supports the ongoing work of the Primary Care Reform Collaborative to achieve better health for Delawareans at a lower cost by facilitating the sharing of de-identified health expenditure information and fostering transparency that is critical to the effective delivery of primary care in Delaware.
In 2020, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 16 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Perinatal Quality Collaborative.. Description: This Act makes additional technical changes to Senate Bill No. 122 and Senate Substitute No. 1 for Senate Bill No. 122. The Senate Substitute unanimously passed both chambers during the 1st Session of the 150th General Assembly.
In 2020, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 3 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Invasive Plants.. Description: This Act prohibits the import, export, sale, transport, distribution, or propagation of any plant identified by the Secretary of the Department of Agriculture, with the advice of the Delaware Native Species Commission, as an invasive plant. This Act also requires that plants identified as potentially invasive be sold with a tag that identifies the plant as potentially invasive. A violation of this Act may result in a civil penalty of $50 to $500, but only after the person has had the opportunity for an administrative hearing and the opportunity to come into compliance with this Act.
In 2020, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 21 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Disqualification From Driving A Commercial Motor Vehicle.. Description: This Act brings Delaware into compliance with the federal No Human Trafficking on Our Roads Act by creating a lifetime disqualification for a commercial diver license if the individual engages in human trafficking while using a motor vehicle.
In 2020, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend The Charter Of Lewes Relating To The Power To Impose And Collect A Lodging Tax.. Description: This Act amends the Charter of Lewes to give the City Council the authority to impose and collect a lodging tax.
In 2020, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend The Town Of Bridgeville Charter Relating To Disqualification Of Elective Officers.. Description: Senate Substitute No. 1 for Senate Bill No. 229 differs from Senate Bill No. 229 by changing the word competent to incompetent as grounds for disqualification for the office of Commissioner.
In 2020, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend The Charter Of Dewey Beach Relating To The Power To Impose And Collect A Lodging Tax.. Description: This Act amends the Charter of Dewey Beach to give the Town Commissioners the authority to impose and collect a lodging tax. The new lodging tax is distinct from the existing accommodations tax. A rental property may be subject to either the accommodations tax or the lodging tax, but not both. In addition, the lodging tax may not be imposed before April 1, 2021, the initial rate may not exceed 1.5%, and the rate may not be increased by no more than .5% annually until the maximum rate, 3%, is reached.
In 2020, Delaware enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 31 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Dental Care For Adult Medicaid Recipients.. Description: This Act delays to October 1, 2020, the expansion of dental care to all eligible adult Medicaid recipients provided for under Senate Substitute No. 1 for Senate Bill No. 92 (150th General Assembly), Chapter 187 of Volume 82 of the Laws of Delaware.
In 2020, Delaware enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Amend Chapter 168, Volume 82 Of The Laws Of Delaware Relating To Contractor Registration.. Description: This bill extends the effective date of the Delaware Contractor Registration Act to July 1, 2021, or upon promulgation of final regulations. The unprecedented nature of the COVID-19 pandemic facing Delaware and the nation necessitates moving the implementation of the law until July 1, 2021, or upon promulgation of final regulations. The bill also extends the effective date of changes to the Workplace Fraud Act to mirror the effective date of the Delaware Contractor Registration Act. This will facilitate enforcement and alleviate logistical issues with the implementation of the contractor registry.
In 2020, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act Making Appropriations For The Expense Of The State Government For The Fiscal Year Ending June 30, 2021; Specifying Certain Procedures, Conditions And Limitations For The Expenditure Of Such Funds; And Amending Certain Pertinent Statutory Provisions.. Description: This Bill is the Fiscal Year 2021 Appropriations Act.
In 2020, Delaware passed a bill titled: A Bond And Capital Improvements Act Of The State Of Delaware And Certain Of Its Authorities For The Fiscal Year Ending June 30, 2021; Authorizing The Issuance Of General Obligation Bonds Of The State; Appropriating Funds From The Transportation Trust Fund; Authorizing The Issuance Of Revenue Bonds Of The Delaware Transportation Authority; Appropriating Special Funds Of The Delaware Transportation Authority; Appropriating General Funds And Special Funds Of The State; Reprogramming Certain Funds Of The State; Specifying Certain Procedures, Conditions And Limitations For The Expenditure Of Such Funds; And Amending Certain Statutory Provisions.. Description: This Bill is the Fiscal Year 2021 Bond and Capital Improvements Act
In 2020, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Freedom Of Information Act.. Description: Since 2009, when video-conferencing was first permitted under the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) by Senate Bill No. 104 (145th General Assembly), technology has continued to evolve and the need to provide more mechanisms for participation by members of public bodies and the public has grown. In addition, under the Governor's March 12, 2020, Declaration of a State of Emergency for the State of Delaware Due to a Public Health Threat State of Emergency and House Concurrent Resolution No. 85 (HCR 85), public bodies in Delaware have been successfully holding virtual meetings.
In 2020, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 12 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Creation, Regulation, Operation, And Dissolution Of Statutory Trusts.. Description: This bill continues the practice of amending periodically the Delaware Statutory Trust Act (the Act) to keep it current and to maintain its national preeminence. The following is a section-by-section review of the proposed amendments of the Act.
In 2020, Delaware enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 25 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Mortgages.. Description: This Act amends the Real Estate Code to modernize the definition of purchase money mortgage under Delaware law to include lenders other than the seller of the mortgaged property who provide financing to purchase the property. Additionally, this Act extends the time period to record a purchase money mortgage from 5 days to 10 days and explicitly subordinates a mechanics lien under Chapter 27 of Title 25 to a purchase money mortgage.
In 2020, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 16 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Health And Safety And Obligations Of Health-care Providers For Non-acute Patients.. Description: Presently, a legal process does not exist for a Delaware hospital to seek the appointment of a guardian for a non-acute patient who has been a patient at the hospital for an extended period, after having been abandoned by family. This bill authorizes a hospital to petition for a court-appointed guardian for such a patient after providing two notices to the patient, the patient's surrogate, or the patient's family if there is no surrogate, of the need to seek a guardian for the patient.
In 2020, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 20 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Public Protections During The Covid-19 State Of Emergency And Notarization.. Description: This Act ensures that the protections put in place during the COVID-19 pandemic related to notarizations do not cease immediately upon the lifting of the COVID-19 State of Emergency, but instead continue until June 30, 2021.
In 2020, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 29 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Disability Insurance Program.. Description: The purpose of the Bill is to allow for the modifications to the Disability Insurance Program for state employees that were included in the Governors Twelfth Modification to the COVID-19 State of Emergency to continue until December 30, 2020 in the event that the State of Emergency ends prior to that date.
In 2020, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 7 Of The Delaware Code Relating To The Clean Air Act Title V Operating Permit Program.. Description: This Act extends the Clean Air Act Title V Operating Permit Program annual fees for facilities in Delaware, which have historically expired and been reauthorized by the General Assembly every three years. Existing statutory authorization to collect fees sunsets December 31, 2020. This legislation updates the fee assessments based on the work of the Title V Operating Permit Program Advisory Committee and makes additional clarifying updates to the fee provisions. For 2021-2023, the total fee will be comprised of a base fee, user fee, and a program fee. Base fees are based on the number of staff hours spent on the sources permitting, compliance, and enforcement activities, while the user fee is based on the sources air emissions. The program fee will be assessed based on the total base and user fees. A fee credit implemented to reduce a prior fund balance is allowed to sunset as scheduled. This Act authorizes the Department of Natural Resources and Environmental Control to collect Title V annual fees for calendar years 2021 through 2023 at which point the authority sunsets and would need to be reauthorized.
In 2020, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 20 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Public Protections During The Covid-19 State Of Emergency And Marriage Licenses.. Description: This Act ensures that the protections put in place during the COVID-19 pandemic related to marriage licenses do not cease immediately upon the lifting of the COVID-19 State of Emergency, but instead continue until June 30, 2021.
In 2020, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Title 6 Of The Delaware Code Relating To Price Protections During The Covid-19 Recovery Period.. Description: This Act ensures that the price protections for Delawareans related to price gouging put in place during the COVID-19 state of emergency do not cease immediately upon the lifting of the COVID-19 state of emergency, but instead continue for a short period of time during the COVID-19 recovery period. The COVID-19 recovery period runs until the sixty-first day following the termination of the COVID-19 state of emergency.
In 2020, Delaware passed a bill titled: An Act Making Appropriations For Certain Grants-in-aid For The Fiscal Year Ending June 30, 2021; Specifying Certain Procedures, Conditions And Limitations For The Expenditure Of Such Funds; Amending The Fiscal Year 2021 Appropriations Act; And Amending Certain Statutory Provisions.. Description: This Act provides supplementary appropriations to certain Grants-in-Aid for Fiscal Year 2021.
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Roll Of The Members Of The Senate.. Description: Relating To The Roll Of The Members Of The Senate.
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Rules Of The Delaware State Senate.. Description: Relating To The Rules Of The Delaware State Senate.
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Election Of The President Pro Tempore.. Description: Relating To The Election Of The President Pro Tempore.
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Office Of The Secretary Of The Senate.. Description: Relating To The Office Of The Secretary Of The Senate.
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Appointing A Committee To Notify The Governor That The Senate Is Organized.. Description: Appointing A Committee To Notify The Governor That The Senate Is Organized.
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Appointing A Committee To Notify The House Of Representatives That The Senate Is Organized.. Description: Appointing A Committee To Notify The House Of Representatives That The Senate Is Organized.
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Relating To An Amendment To The Rules Of The Delaware State Senate.. Description: This resolution changes the name of the Environmental, Natural Resources & Energy Committee amd adds the Energy Committee to the list of standing committees contained in Senate Rule 19 of Senate Resolution No. 2
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Establishing A Task Force To Research, Discuss, And Make Findings And Recommendations Regarding The Joint Legislative Oversight And Sunset Committee's Review Of The Division For The Visually Impaired.. Description: The Joint Legislative Oversight and Sunset Committee ("JLOSC") reviewed the Division for the Visually Impaired ("DVI") in 2019. As a result of that review, 31 recommendations for changes affecting DVI were presented for JLOSC's consideration. JLOSC determined that, to properly consider and decide whether to adopt 28 of the recommendations, a task force should be created to research, discuss, and report back to JLOSC its findings on the implementation of the 28 recommendations. JLOSC decided to form the task force through a simple resolution.
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Establishing A Task Force To Research, Discuss, And Make Findings And Recommendations Regarding The Joint Legislative Oversight And Sunset Committee's Review Of The Delaware Health Information Network.. Description: The Joint Legislative Oversight and Sunset Committee ("JLOSC") reviewed the Delaware Health Information Network (DHIN") in 2019. As a result of that review, 4 recommendations relating to statutory changes to DHINs govnering statute were presented for JLOSC's consideration. JLOSC determined that a task force should be created to research, discuss, and report back to JLOSC its findings on the implementation of 3 of the 4 recommendations. JLOSC decided to form the task force through a simple resolution.
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Directing The Department Of Correction To Further Provide Medication Assisted Treatment To An Expanded Population Of Justice-involved Individuals.. Description: This resolution directs the Department of Corrections to provide all forms of FDA-approved medication for Medication Assisted Treatment for opioid use disorder.
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Directing The Department Of Correction To Further Expand Transitional Services To Justice-involved Individuals With Substance Use Disorder.. Description: This resolution encourages the Division of Medicaid and Medical Assistance and the Department of Correction to facilitate continuous health coverage for individuals with opioid use disorder, other substance use disorders, or high health needs upon release.
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Reaffirming The Sister-state Relationship Between The State Of Delaware And Taiwan, Strengthening Bilateral Trade Relations With Taiwan, And Supporting Taiwan's Participation In International Organizations.. Description: This Senate Resolution reaffirms the sister-state relationship between the State of Delaware and Taiwan, supports the strengthening of bilateral trade relations with Taiwan, and supports Taiwan's meaningful participation in and contribution to international organizations.
In 2020, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing March 5, 2020 As Delaware Giving Day In Delaware.. Description: This Senate Resolution designates March 5, 2020 as "Delaware Giving Day."
In 2020, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Honoring Joy C. Bower, Secretary Of The Senate, Upon Her Retirement After 32 Years Of Distinguished Years Of Service To The Delaware State Senate.. Description: This Senate Resolution pays tribute and extends a fond farewell to Secretary of the Senate Joy C. Bower upon her retirement after 32 years of distinguished service to the Senate.
In 2020, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Honoring Delaware's Senior Senator, The Honorable Harris Brown Mcdowell, Iii, Upon His Retirement From The Senate After Some 44 Years Of Service.. Description: This Senate Resolution pays tribute to Delaware's senior senator, Harris B. McDowell, III, upon his retirement from the Senate after some 44 years of exemplary service.
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing January 9, 2019 As "delaware Wildland Firefighter Day".. Description: This Resolution recognizes January 9, 2019, as Wildland Firefighter Day.
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing Libraries, Librarians, Library Workers, And Supporters Of Libraries Across Delaware On The Occasion Of Delaware Library Legislative Day, 2019.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution recognizes Delaware libraries for their contributions to their communities and the services they deliver to Delawareans from all walks of life, on the occasion of Delaware Library Legislative Day, Jan. 15, 2019, and encourages all Delawareans to get a library card and use it often.
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Designating The Week Of February 10 - 16, 2019 As Children Of Alcoholics Week.. Description: This concurrent resolution designates the week of February 10-16, 2019, as Children of Alcoholics Week and calls upon Delawareans to break the silence and talk to their family and friends about alcoholism.
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing The Importance Of Improving The Health And Safety Of Student Athletes.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution recognizes the importance of the health and safety of student athletes, drawing special attention to the Athletes Bill of Rights created by the Youth Sports Safety Alliance. Many youth in Delaware participate in athletics. Participation in athletics by youth promotes continued participation in school and excellence in academics. Therefore, it is important to protect these student athletes while they participate in these extracurricular activities.
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Designating The Week Of March 25 - 31, 2019 As Public Schools Week.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution designates the week of March 25-31, 2018, as PUBLIC SCHOOLS WEEK and calls upon Delawareans to support public schools.
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing The Month Of January 2019 As "human Trafficking Awareness Month" In Delaware.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution recognizes January, 2019 as Human Trafficking Awareness Month in Delaware.
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing The Importance Of Planning For The Positive And Negative Impacts Of The Development Of Robotics, Automation And Other Manifestations Of Artificial Intelligence That Are Poised To Influence The Landscape Of The Workplace.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution recognizes the possible life-changing impact the rise of robotics, automation and artificial intelligence will have on Delawareans and encourages all branches of state government to implement plans to minimize the adverse effects of the rise of such technology.
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing March 2019 As Social Work Month In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This Resolution recognizes the important work of social workers throughout Delaware and the rest of the country, encourages the creation and expansion of Social Work programs, and recognizes March 2019 as Social Work Month in the State of Delaware.
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing The Centennial Year For The American Legion And Celebrating March 4 Through March 10, 2019 As American Legion Week In Delaware.. Description: This resolution recognizes the 100th Anniversary of the American Legion and celebrates March 4 through March 10, 2019 as American Legion Week in Delaware.
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Designating March 2019 As Womens History Month In Delaware And Honoring The Leadership And Achievements Of Women Throughout Our States Rich History.. Description: This resolution designates March 2019 as Womens History Month in Delaware to raise awareness and celebrate the contributions of women in our society, and for the greater good of our nation.
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing April 7-13, 2019, As "crime Victims' Rights Week" In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution recognizes April 7-13, 2019, as "Crime Victims' Rights Week" in the State of Delaware. Please visit the following websites for more information on Crime Victims Rights Week and the resources available to victims and survivors of crime.
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Designating March 16, 2019 As Recognition Day Celebrating The Lives And Contributions Of The Late Honorable Thomas C. Maloney, William T. Mclaughlin And Daniel S. Frawley & Honoring The Leadership And Achievements Of Them During St. Patricks Day Events In Our State.. Description: This resolution designates March 16, 2019 as Méaraí na hÉireann in Delaware to raise awareness and celebrate the contributions of these late leaders of the City of Wilmington in our society, and for the greater good of our state.
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing The National Coalition Of 100 Black Women Inc., Delaware Chapter, For Its Dedication To Improving The Lives Of Black Women And Girls In Delaware.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution recognizes the National Coalition of 100 Black Women Inc., Delaware Chapter for its dedication to improving the lives of Black women and girls in Delaware through advocacy, civic engagement, and other community-building initiatives.
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing March 21, 2019 "rock Your Socks For World Down Syndrome Day.". Description: This House Concurrent Resolution designates the 21st day of the Month of March, 2019 as Rock Your Socks for World Down Syndrome Day and celebrates the beauty and contributions that people with Down syndrome make in Delaware.
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing The Easterseals/cai Volleyball Challenge And The Volleyball Ambassadors, Isaiah Romeus And Jack And Jackie Witzman, In The 14th Year Of Democrat And Republican Team Participation.. Description: This resolution recognizes the Easterseals/CAI Volleyball Challenge occurring April 5-7, 2019, at William Penn High School, an event that raises funds for an organization providing services and support to Delawareans with disabilities and senior citizens and their families.
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing The Commander, Officers, And Crew Of The Uss Delaware, Ssn 791, In Advance Of The Forthcoming Commissioning Of The Vessel By The United States Navy.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution recognizes the officers and crew of the new USS Delaware submarine, which is slated for commissioning by the U.S. Navy.
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing The Delaware Restaurant Association For Commitment Towards A Greater Environmental Sustainability And Efforts On A Straw Ban Policy.. Description: This resolution recognizes the Delaware Restaurant Association for efforts towards better environmental practices in restaurants through the use of fewer plastic straws. The resolution also requires that the Delaware Restaurant Association track the progress of its voluntary approach to reduce the use of plastic straws and provide a report to the General Assembly by May 1, 2020.
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing The One Hundredth Anniversary Of The 19th Amendment.. Description: This resolution celebrates Delaware's observance of the centennial of the passage and ratification of the 19th Amendment to the Constitution of the United States providing for womens suffrage. It further calls on the Delaware Heritage Commission to organize meaningful events and exhibits to honor the 100th anniversary and establish a subcommittee to plan a parade commemorating the occasion.
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Designating April 3, 2019 As Engineering And Technology Education Day In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This concurrent resolution designates April 3, 2019, as Engineering and Technology Education Day.
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing The Contributions To The Quality Of Life And System Of Healthcare By The Henrietta Johnson Medical Center And The Lared Medical Health Center.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution recognizes the contributions made by the Henrietta Johnson Medical Center and the LaRed Health Center to the quality of life and system of healthcare in Delaware.
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing April 2019 As Autism Awareness Month And Recognizing Autism Delawares 20 Years Of Service To The People Of Delaware.. Description: This House Concurrent Resolution recognizes April 2019 as Autism Awareness Month and Autism Delaware's 20 years of service to the people of Delaware.
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing April 11, 2019, As Delta Day At The Delaware Capital.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution recognizes the contributions of the Delta Sigma Theta Sorority chapters in the State of Delaware and declares April 11, 2019, to be Delta Day at the Delaware Capital.
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Designating April 2, 2019 As "equal Pay Day" In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This House Concurrent Resolution designates April 2, 2019 AS "EQUAL PAY DAY" in the State of Delaware.
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Commending The Students Selected As Secretary Of Education Scholars For 2019.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution commends and congratulates the Secretary of Education Scholars for 2019.
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing The 50th Anniversary Of The Talleyville Girls Softball League.. Description: This resolution recognizes the 50th anniversary of the Talleyville Girls Softball League.
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing April 11-17, 2019 As Black Maternal Health Awareness Week In Delaware.. Description: This resolution recognizes April 11-17, 2019 as Black Maternal Health Awareness Week in Delaware.
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Honoring The Career And Life Of Michael E. Busch, Maryland Speaker Of The House.. Description: This Resolution honors the career and life of Michael E. Busch, Maryland Speaker of the House.
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing March 30, 2019 As "endometriosis Awareness Day" In Delaware.. Description: This resolution recognizes March 30, 2019 as Endometriosis Awareness Day in Delaware to help raise awareness, gain research, and show support to its sufferers.
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing May, 2019 As "trauma Awareness Month" In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This resolution designates the month of May, 2019, as Trauma Awareness Month and calls upon Delawareans to educate themselves on the impact of trauma and promote awareness and resiliency in their families and communities.
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing The Month Of April, 2019, As 'second Chance Month' In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This Resolution recognizes April, 2019 as "Second Chance Month" in Delaware.
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing April 29, 2019 As World Wish Day In Delaware.. Description: This resolution recognizes April 29, 2019 as World Wish Day in Delaware.
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: An Act Establishing The Interagency Pharmaceuticals Purchasing Study Group To Review And Make Recommendations On How To Leverage The Bulk Purchasing Power Of The State To Negotiate Lower Prices.. Description: This House Concurrent Resolution establishes an Interagency Pharmaceuticals Purchasing Study Group ("Study Group") to coordinate the existing efforts to leverage bulk purchasing to negotiate lower prices and make recommendations to maximize the opportunities to coordinate State-funded pharmaceutical purchases.
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Commending Dana Bowe Representing The Seaford School District For Being Selected As Delaware's State Teacher Of The Year For 2019 And Commending Each School District's Teacher Of The Year.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution commends the 2019 Delaware State Teacher of the Year, Dana Bowe, and all of the District Teachers of the Year.
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Proclaiming May 2019 As "community Action Month" In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This resolution proclaims May 2019 as "Community Action Month" in the State of Delaware.
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Commending The Nominees And Recipients Of The 2019 Delaware Governors Awards: Recognizing State Employee Individuals, Teams, And Heroes.. Description: This concurrent resolution commends the nominees and recipients for the 2019 Delaware Governors Awards: Recognizing State Employee Individuals, Teams, and Heroes.
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Designating May 8, 2019, As Early Childhood Advocacy Day In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This concurrent resolution proclaims May 8, 2019, as Early Childhood Advocacy Day to affirm the importance of quality early learning for every citizen and every sector of our State, to celebrate the accomplishments of the past year, and to rededicate ourselves to our shared responsibility for the construction and support of a Delaware early childhood system that will positively impact children, families, communities, and workforce and economic development across the State.
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Secretary Of State To Expand The Exchange Network Between School And County Libraries.. Description: This House Concurrent Resolution outlines the need for expansion of the exchange network between school and county libraries and requests that the Secretary of State develop and implement such expansion.
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing The 50th Anniversary Of The Enactment Of Delawares Equal Rights To Housing Act And Celebrating A Day For Housing.. Description: This House Concurrent Resolution recognized April 25, 2019 as the 50th Anniversary of the enactment of Delawares Equal Rights to Housing Act. The House Concurrent Resolution further recognizes May 9, 2019 as a Celebration of a Day for Housing in the State of Delaware.
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing May 9, 2019 As Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority Or "aka Day At The Capitol" In Delaware.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution recognizes May 9, 2019 as Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority or AKA Day at the Capitol in Delaware.
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Encouraging State Of Delaware Employees To Make Informed Decisions About Their Health Care During Open Enrollment And Throughout The Year.. Description: This resolution encourages State of Delaware employees to make informed decisions about their health care during Open Enrollment and throughout the year as an important step to help control rising health care costs and to maintain high quality, affordable benefit options now and in the future.
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing The Metropolitan Wilmington Urban League For Its 19 Years Of Service And Dedication To Combating Poverty, Inequality, And Social Injustice In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution recognizes the Metropolitan Wilmington Urban League for its 19 years of service and dedication to improving the quality of life for underserved communities in Delaware by promoting education, civic engagement, economic development, and civil justice.
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing May 23, 2019, As Stop The Bleed Day In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This House Concurrent Resolution recognizes May 23, 2019, as Stop the Bleed Day in the State of Delaware.
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing Ramadan And Muslim Residents Of This State As They Observe Ramadan.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution recognizes Ramadan and Muslim residents of this State as they observe Ramadan.
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing June 15, 2019, As Delaware Elder Abuse Awareness Day.. Description: This House Concurrent Resolution recognizes June 15, 2019, as Delaware Elder Abuse Awareness Day and encourages all of Delawares citizens to learn about how to protect and nurture our elderly citizens.
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing The Young Men From Across The State Of Delaware Participating In The 2019 Session Of Delaware's Boys State.. Description: This Resolution recognizes the young men participating in the 2019 session of Delaware's Boys State and commends its sponsor, the American Legion Department of Delaware.
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Establishing A Task Force To Help With The Recruitment And Retention Of Volunteer Firefighters For The Delaware Volunteer Fire Service.. Description: This joint resolution is designed to establish a task force to study and make findings concerning the recruitment and retention of volunteer firefighters.
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing The Month Of June, As National Homeownership Month In Delaware.. Description: This resolution recognizes June, 2019 as National Homeownership Month in Delaware.
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: A Resolution Urging The Director Of The Delaware Division Of Public Health To Designate Alzheimer's Disease And Other Dementias As Public Health Issues.. Description: This resolution urges the Director of the Delaware Division of Public Health to designate Alzheimer's Disease and other dementias as public health issues.
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Establishing The Local Service Functions Task Force To Review And Propose Revisions To Part Ii Of Title 9 Of The Delaware Code Relating To New Castle County.. Description: This House Concurrent Resolution establishes the Local Service Functions Task Force to review and propose revisions to Part II of Title 9 of the Delaware Code regarding New Castle County and municipal corporation responsibility for local service functions and how the county budgets expenditures for the performance of local service functions and establishes tax rates for municipalities that perform local services functions.
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Honoring The Young Women From Across The State Of Delaware Participating In The 2019 Session Of Delaware Girls State.. Description: This concurrent resolution recognizes and honors the young women of Delaware participating in the 2019 session of Delaware Girls State.
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Establishing A Pharmacy Reimbursement Task Force.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution establishes a task force to study pharmacy reimbursement practices in Delaware and the best practices and laws of other states to develop recommendations for action by the General Assembly or others.
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Acknowleding June As Lgbtqa+ Pride Month And The 50th Annivesary Of Stonewall.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution acknowledges June as LGBTQA+ Pride Month and recognizes the 50th Anniversary of Stonewall.
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Supporting The Governor's Directive To The Department Of Natural Resources And Environmental Control To Propose Regulations For The Use And Manufacturing Of Hydrofluorocarbons.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution supports the Governor's directive to the Department of Natural Resources and Environmental Control to propose regulations for the use and manufacturing of Hydrofluorocarbons by March 30, 2020.
In 2020, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Extending The Reporting Date For The Interagency Pharmaceuticals Purchasing Study Group.. Description: This House Concurrent Resolution extends the date by which the final report of the Interagency Pharmaceuticals Purchasing Study Group is due to January 31, 2020.
In 2020, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Extending The Reporting Date For The Local Service Functions Task Force.. Description: This House Concurrent Resolution extends the date by which the final report of the Local Service Functions Task Force is due to April 30, 2020.
In 2020, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Extending The Reporting Date For The Task Force To Help With The Recruitment And Retention Of Volunteer Firefighters For The Delaware Volunteer Fire Service.. Description: This House Concurrent Resolution extends the date by which the report of the task force for the Recruitment and Retention of Volunteer Firefighters for the Delaware Volunteer Fire Service.
In 2020, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Providing That A Joint Session Of The House Of Representatives And The Senate Be Convened For The Purpose Of Receiving The Annual State Of The State Address By The Honorable John C. Carney, Governor Of The State Of Delaware.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution provides for a Joint Session of the House of Representatives and the Senate to be convened for the purpose of hearing an address by the Honorable John C. Carney, Governor of the State of Delaware.
In 2020, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Honoring The Life And Work Of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. On The Occasion Of "dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Day".. Description: This House Concurrent Resolution honors and recognizes the leadership and achievements of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. and urges all citizens of the First State to participate fittingly in the observance of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. Day on January 20, 2020.
In 2020, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Extending The Reporting Date For The Pharmacy Reimbursement Task Force.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution extends the due date of the Pharmacy Reimbursement Task Force's report to March 31, 2020.
In 2020, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Proclaiming January 23, 2020, As "maternal Health Awareness Day" In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This House Concurrent Resolution proclaims January 23, 2020, as "Maternal Health Awareness Day" in the State of Delaware.
In 2020, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Designating January 19-25, 2020 As Certified Registered Nurse Anesthetists' Week In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This concurrent resolution designates January 19-25, 2020 as Certified Registered Nurse Anesthetists' (CRNA) Week in the State of Delaware.
In 2020, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing Libraries, Librarians, Library Workers, And Supporters Of Libraries Across Delaware On The Occasion Of Delaware Library Legislative Day, 2020.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution recognizes Delaware libraries for their contributions to their communities and the services they deliver to Delawareans from all walks of life, on the occasion of Delaware Library Legislative Day, Jan. 22, 2020, and encourages all Delawareans to get a library card and use it often.
In 2020, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing The Month Of January 2020 As "human Trafficking Awareness Month" In Delaware.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution recognizes January 2020 as Human Trafficking Awareness Month in Delaware.
In 2020, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing The Student Officer Leadership Team And State Advisors From Across The State Of Delaware Participating In The 2019-2020 Session Of The Delaware Association Of Business Professionals Of America State Leadership Conference.. Description: This Resolution recognizes the State Officer Leadership Team participating in the 2019-2020 Delaware State Leadership competition and commends the Delaware Association of Business Professionals of America.
In 2020, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Designating February 29, 2020, As "rare Disease Day" In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This House Concurrent Resolution recognizes February 29, 2020, as "Rare Disease Day" in Delaware.
In 2020, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing 350de, A Grassroots Environmental Coalition Dedicated To Ending The Use Of Fossil Fuels Worldwide.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution recognizes 350DE, which is a grassroots environmental coalition dedicated to ending the use of fossil fuels worldwide.
In 2020, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing January 27th, 2020 As International Holocaust Remembrance Day And The 75th Anniversary Of The Liberation Of Auschwitz.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution recognizes January 27th, 2020 as International Holocaust Remembrance Day and the 75th Anniversary of the Liberation of Auschwitz.
In 2020, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Designating The Week Of February 24 - 28, 2020 As Public Schools Week.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution designates the week of February 24 - 28, 2020, as PUBLIC SCHOOLS WEEK and calls upon Delawareans to support public schools.
In 2020, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Establishing The Gun Violence Prevention Task Force To Study And Make Findings And Recommendations Regarding Whether Delaware Should Become The Point Of Contact To Conduct Background Checks For Firearms Transfers.. Description: This Act creates the Gun Violence Prevention Task Force to study and make findings and recommendations regarding whether Delaware should become the point of contact to conduct background checks for firearms transfers.
In 2020, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Honoring The Leadership And Achievements Of African Americans And Urging The Celebration Of Black History Month.. Description: This House Concurrent Resolution honors and recognizes the leadership and achievements of African Americans and urges the celebration of Black History Month.
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing February 12, 2019 As "world Cholangiocarcinoma Day" In Delaware.. Description: Cholangiocarcinoma, also known as bile duct cancer, is a cancer that occurs in the bile ducts in or outside the liver. This Resolution recognizes February 12, 2019 as "World Cholangiocarcinoma Day" in Delaware.
In 2020, Delaware enrolled a bill titled: Accepting And Approving The May 14, 2020, Actions Of The President Pro Tempore Of The State Senate And The Speaker Of The House Of Representatives, Declaring An Emergency Under § 5, Article Ii And § 1, Article Xvii Of The Delaware Constitution, And Adopting Rules Of Procedure For Conducting Virtual Meetings Of The General Assembly And Its Legislative Committees During An Emergency.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution accepts and approves the May 14, 2020, actions of the President Pro Tempore of the Senate (President Pro Tempore) and the Speaker of the House of Representatives (Speaker), declares an emergency under § 5, Article II and § 1, Article XVII of the Delaware Constitution, and adopts rules of procedure for conducting virtual meetings of the General Assembly and its legislative committees during an emergency. Specifically, this Concurrent Resolution:
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing January 9, 2019, As Law Enforcement Appreciation Day In Delaware.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution recognizes January 9, 2019, as Law Enforcement Appreciation Day in Delaware.
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Providing For A Joint Session Of The Senate And The House Of Representatives To Be Convened For The Purpose Of Hearing An Address By The Honorable John C. Carney, Jr., Governor Of The State Of Delaware.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution provides for a Joint Session of the Senate and the House of Representatives to be convened for the purpose of hearing an address by the Honorable John C. Carney, Jr., Governor of the State of Delaware.
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Continuing And Reorganizing The Motorcycle Rider Education Advisory Committee.. Description: This Senate Concurrent Resolution continues the Motorcycle Rider Education Advisory Committee, which must meet at least quarterly to monitor the Motorcycle Rider Education Program, and assess the future needs of and recommend improvements to the Program.
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Honoring The Life And Work Of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. On The Occasion Of "dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Day".. Description: This Senate Concurrent Resolution honors and recognizes the leadership and achievements of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. and urges all citizens of the First State to participate fittingly in the observance of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. Day on January 21, 2019.
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Honoring The Leadership And Achievements Of African Americans And Urging The Celebration Of Black History Month.. Description: This Senate Concurrent Resolution honors and recognizes the leadership and achievements of African Americans and urges the celebration of Black History Month.
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Encouraging The State To Apply For A State Relief And Empowerment Waiver Under Section 1332 Of The Patient Protection And Affordable Care Act To Create A State Reinsurance Program.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution recognizes that all Delawareans deserve affordable health care, only 1 commercial insurer currently sells health insurance plans on Delaware's Marketplace, and that premiums for health insurance plans sold on the Marketplace could be reduced if the State creates a reinsurance program under a State Relief and Empowerment Waiver under Section 1332 of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act ("Section 1332 Waiver").
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Delaware Department Of Transportation And The Delaware State Police Examine The Issue Of Slower Traffic In The Left Hand Lane And Report Recommendations To Address This Issue.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution requests the Delaware Department of Transportation and Delaware State Police examine the issue of slower traffic in the left hand lane and jointly report to the General Assembly by May 1, 2019, their recommendations, if any, for action to address this issue.
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Designating February 6, 2019 As "ronald Reagan Day" In The State Of Delaware. Description: Designating February 6, 2019 as "Ronald Reagan Day" in Delaware.
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recommending The Delaware Judiciary Assess The Implementation Of Interim Rule 5.2 And Collaborate With Criminal Justice Stakeholders To Finalize A Court Rule Focused On Balancing Continued Efforts To Release Defendants Who Should Not Be Held Pre-trial And To Protect The Public From Defendants Accused Of Violent Crimes.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution recommends the Delaware Judiciary assess the implementation of Interim Rule 5.2 and collaborate with criminal justice stakeholders to finalize a court rule focused on balancing continued efforts to release defendants who should not be held pre-trial and to protect the public from defendants accused of violent crimes.
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Applauding The Success Of The Renewable Energy Portfolio Standards Act And Recognizing The Urgent Need To Update The Standards.. Description: This concurrent resolution applauds the success of the Renewable Energy Portfolio Standards Act, recognizes the prospect that the standards might be raised to maintain currency in the today's energy climate, and authorizes the establishment of a working group of stakeholders to provide input into the process.
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Designating The Month Of March As "eating Disorders Awareness And Prevention Month" In Delaware. Description: This Senate Resolution designates March as "Eating Disorders Awareness and Prevention Month" in Delaware and encourages the Department of Health and Social Services to research methods to prevent and raise awareness of eating disorders.
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing November 2019, As Autoimmune Disease Awareness Month In Delaware.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution recognizes November 2019, as Autoimmune Disease Awareness Month in Delaware.
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Commemorating The Outstanding Achievements And Contributions Made By Scottish-americans To The United States By Proclaiming April 6, 2019 As National Tartan Day.. Description: This resolution designates April 6, 2019 as "National Tartan Day" and commemorates the outstanding achievements and contributions made by Scottish-Americans to the United States.
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing The Valuable Contribution That The Lions Club International Makes To Our Local Communities, As Well As To The World At Large, By Designating April 9, 2019 As "delaware State Lions Day" In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution recognizes the valuable contributions that the Lions Club International makes to our local communities, as well as the world at-large, by designating April 9, 2019 as "Delaware State Lions Day" in the State of Delaware.
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Designating The Week Of May 12, 2019 To May 18, 2019 As National Charter Schools Week.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution designates the week of May 12, 2019 to May 18, 2019 as National Charter Schools Week and commends Delaware's charter public schools for their efforts in educating Delaware students.
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Designating April 16, 2019 As " Wesley College Day" In Delaware.. Description: This resolution designates April 16, 2019 as "Wesley College Day" in Delaware.
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing April 2019 As Child Abuse Prevention Month In Delaware.. Description: This Resolution recognizes April 2019 as Child Abuse Prevention Month in Delaware.
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing March 29, 2019 As "national Vietnam War Veterans Day In Delaware.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution recognizes March 29, 2019 as "National Vietnam War Veterans Day" in Delaware.
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Honoring Uso Delaware For Its Important And Inspiring Work Supporting Military Members And Their Families.. Description: This resolution honors USO Delaware for their important and inspiring work supporting military members and their families.
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Proclaiming The Month Of April 2019 As Sikh Awareness And Appreciation Month In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution proclaims the month of April 2019 as Sikh Awareness and Appreciation Month in the State of Delaware.
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing March 2019 As Brain Injury Awareness Month In Delaware.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution recognizes March 2019 as Brain Injury Awareness Month.
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Honoring The Victims Of The Christchurch, New Zealand Terror Attack.. Description: This resolution honors the victims of the Christchurch, New Zealand terror attack.
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Proclaiming May 2019 "cystic Fibrosis Awareness Month" In Delaware.. Description: This resolution proclaims May 2019 "Cystic Fibrosis Awareness Month" in Delaware.
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Honoring The Delaware Biotechnology Institute And The Delaware Bioscience Center For Advanced Technology (bioscience Cat) For Their Outstanding Efforts To Strengthen Delawares Economy Through The Support Of Academic-industrial Life Science Research Collaborations.. Description: This Senate Concurrent Resolution commends the Delaware Biotechnology Institute and the Delaware Bioscience Center for Advanced Technology (Bioscience CAT) for their outstanding efforts to strengthen Delawares economy through the support of academic-industrial life science research collaborations and to enrich the lives of Delawares young people by providing them with opportunities to observe and pursue scientific research.
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing The Cast Of Boundless! A Musical Journey, An Original Musical Commissioned By The Governors Advisory Council For Exceptional Citizens.. Description: This resolution recognizes the cast of "Boundless! A Musical Journey" for celebrating people with disabilities and educating the public by sharing their stories.
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing The Month Of March 2019 As Colorectal Cancer Awareness Month In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This Senate concurrent resolution designates March 2019 as Colorectal Cancer Awareness Month in the State of Delaware.
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing April 29 - May 4, 2019 As "auctioneers Week" In Delaware.. Description: This resolution recognizes April 29 - May 4, 2019 as "Auctioneers Week" in Delaware.
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Designating The Week Of May 6-12 As "national Nurses Week" In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This resolution designates the week of May 6-12 as "National Nurses Week" in Delaware.
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Designating The Week Of May 19, 2019, As Migratory Shorebird Conservation Week In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution designates the week of May 19, 2019, as Migratory Shorebird Conservation Week in the State of Delaware.
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Establishing The Non-acute Patient Medical Guardianship Task Force To Study And Make Findings And Recommendations Regarding The Needs And Options Of Non-acute Hospital Patients In Need Of Medical Guardianship Services.. Description: This concurrent resolution establishes the Non-Acute Patient Medical Guardianship Task Force to study and make findings and recommendations regarding the needs and options of non-acute hospital patients in need of medical guardianship services. A recent study concluding in 2017 found that hospital patients who did not have acute medical needs were often abandoned in hospitals. These patients often lack financial means to pay for a guardian to make medical decisions. The Office of Public Guardian does not have sufficient resources to intervene to make timely medical decisions for such non-acute patients. In addition to harming these non-acute patients with prolonged hospital stays, patients with acute medical needs are not timely and adequately served because hospital beds are occupied by such non-acute patients. This concurrent resolution establishes a task force to study and make recommendations on these issues.
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing March 28, 2019 As Cerebral Palsy Awareness Day.. Description: This resolution recognizes March 28, 2019 as Cerebral Palsy Awareness Day.
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing The 100th Anniversary Of Easterseals, A Leading Advocate And Service Provider For Children And Adults With Disabilities, Veterans, Older Adults, Caregivers And Their Families.. Description: This Senate Concurrent Resolution commemorates, on April 22, 2019, the 100th Anniversary of Easterseals, a leading advocate and service provider for children and adults with disabilities, veterans, older adults, caregivers and their families. The resolution further directs that the cupola atop Legislative Hall shall be lighted on the evening of April 22, 2019 with an orange light in honor of the Easterseals 100th Anniversary.
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Observing April 2019 As The 2019 Month Of The Military Child And April 18, 2019 As The Official Day Of Recognition Of The Military Child In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution observes April 2019 as the 2019 Month of the Military Child and April 18, 2019 as the official Day of Recognition of the Military Child in the State of Delaware.
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing The Month Of April 2019 As "national Donate Life Month" In Delaware.. Description: This resolution supports designating the month of April 2019 as "National Donate Life Month" in the State of Delaware, thereby recognizing and acknowledging the generosity of donors who have donated organ, eye, and tissue and their families, as well as supporting and encouraging all Delawareans to become designated organ, eye, and tissue donors.
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing The Month Of June 2019 As Myasthenia Gravis Awareness Month.. Description: This resolution recognizes the month of June 2019 as Myasthenia Gravis Awareness Month.
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing The Month Of April 2019 As "parkinson's Disease Awareness Month" In The State Of The Delaware.. Description: This Resolution recognizes April 2019 as "Parkinson's Disease Awareness Month" in the State of Delaware.
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Supporting Federal Legislation To Establish A National Database Of Beneficial Ownership Of Corporations And Limited Liability Companies To Assist Law Enforcement In Combating Criminal Activity.. Description: This Senate Concurrent Resolution urges Delaware's U.S. Congressional Delegation to support federal legislation to establish a national database of beneficial ownership of corporations and limited liability companies to assist federal and state law enforcement in combating criminal activity.
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing April 18, 2019 As "national Lineman Appreciation Day" In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This Senate Concurrent Resolution recognizes April 18, 2019 as "National Lineman Appreciation Day" in the State of Delaware.
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Commending The Delaware State Dental Society On The Achievements Of Its 16th Annual Give Kids A Smile Program And Recognizing Its Continuing Efforts.. Description: This Senate Concurrent Resolution commends the Delaware State Dental Society on the success of its 16th annual Give Kids a Smile program and recognizes its continuing efforts to improve the dental health of Delawares children.
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing The Month Of May 2019 As "healthy Vision Month" In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This concurrent resolution recognizes the month of May 2019 as "Healthy Vision Month" in the State of Delaware.
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing May 14, 2019 As League Of Local Government Day In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This Senate Concurrent Resolution recognizes May 14, 2019 as League of Local Government Day in the State of Delaware.
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Proclaiming The Month Of May 2019 As Mental Health Awareness Month In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This Senate Concurrent Resolution recognizes the month of May 2019 as Mental Health Awareness Month in the State of Delaware.
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Designating The Week Of May 19-25, 2019 As "lyme Disease Awareness Week" In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This concurrent resolution designates the week May 19-25, 2019 as "Lyme Disease Awareness Week" in Delaware.
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Congratulating The Class Of 2018-2019 Eagle Scouts For Having Attained The Highest Rank One Can Earn In The Boy Scouts Of America.. Description: This resolution congratulates the class 2018-2019 Eagle Scouts for having attained the highest rank one can earn in the Boy Scouts of America.
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing The Week Of June 3-9, 2019 As "hidradenitis Suppurativa Awareness Week" In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This Senate Concurrent Resolution recognizes the week of June 3-9, 2019 as "Hidradenitis Suppurativa Awareness Week" in the State of Delaware.
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Commending Caesar Rodney School District's Superintendent Kevin Fitzgerald On His Achievement Of Being Named 2018 Superindendent Of The Year.. Description: This Senate Concurrent Resolution recognizes Kevin Fitzgerald's achievement of being named 2018 Superintendent of the Year by the National Association of School Superintendents.
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Establishing A Utilities Coordination Working Group For The State Of Delaware.. Description: This Resolution establishes the Utilities Coordination Working Group who are charged with recommending measures by January 1, 2020 to shorten the total time to coordinate and implement utility relocations on transportation projects on Delawares highways.
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing June 19, 2019 As "juneteenth Independence Day" In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This resolution proclaims June 19, 2019 as Juneteenth Independence Day in Delaware and encourages the people of Delaware to reflect upon the significant roles and many contributions of African Americans and to celebrate this day with appropriate activities and events.
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: The Peter Lindtner Memorial Resolution Calling On The Congress Of The United States To Save The Bees And Protect Pollinator Populations Countrywide.. Description: This resolution calls on the Congress of the United States to take action to protect bee and other pollinator populations across the United States, which have halved since the 1940s, by researching the causes of pollinator population losses and determining methods to retain and ultimately increase the number of bees and other pollinators throughout the United States and around the world.
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Celebrating The 50th Anniversary Of The Office Of The Controller General.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution celebrates the 50th anniversary of the Office of the Controller General.
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Designating May 2019 As Als Awareness Month In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution designates May 2019 as ALS Awareness Month in Delaware.
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Celebrating The 50th Anniversary Of The Moon Landing.. Description: This resolution celebrates the 50th anniversary of the moon landing and recognizes the lasting impact of space exploration and the audacious innovators who made it possible.
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing The 100th Anniversary Of The American Legion Auxiliary In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This concurrent resolution recognizes the 100th anniversary of the American Legion Auxiliary in the State of Delaware.
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing The United States Decennial Census And The Governors 2020 Complete Count Commission.. Description: This Resolution recognizes the importance of the Decennial Census and the work of the Governor's Complete Count Commission.
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Honoring The Contributions Of The 6888th Central Postal Directory Battalion Of The Women's Army Corps.. Description: This Resolution honors the contributions of the 6888th Central Postal Directory Battalion of the Women's Army Corps.
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing September 2019 As "prostate Cancer Awareness" Month In The State Of Delaware.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution recognizes September 2019 as "Prostate Cancer Awareness Month" in the State of Delaware
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Creating An Administrative Law Improvement Task Force For The Purpose Of Reviewing And Improving The Administrative Procedures Act, Processes For Judicial Review Of Decisions By Administrative Tribunals, And Processes For Disputes Involving Land Use And Real Property, Including The Landlord Tenant Code.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution recreates the Administrative Law Improvement Task Force (Task Force) to continue the Task Forces work begun during the 149th General Assembly and issue its report by March 2, 2020.
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Remembering The 400th Anniversary Of The Arrival Of Enslaved Africans In English North America And The Tragic History Of African-american Servitude That Arose From That Event.. Description: This Senate Concurrent Resolution marks the 400th Anniversary of the arrival of the first known Africans in English North America at Point Comfort, Virginia in 1619. It addresses the history of American slavery which grew out of that event, ultimately involving 15 American states including Delaware, and serving as a major cause of the American Civil War. Finally the resolution urges all Delawareans to familiarize themselves with this history and honors African Americans for overcoming this terrible reality to build a culture of extraordinary richness which has enriched all our lives.
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Establishing The Division Of Developmental Disabilities Services Task Force.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution establishes a task force (Task Force) to study and make recommendations regarding the policies, rules, structure, and regulations of the Division of Developmental Disabilities Services ("Division"). The Division provides home and community-based services for adults with intellectual and developmental disabilities.
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Confirming Mark J. Cutrona Director Of Research Of Legislative Council.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution confirms Mark J. Cutrona as the new Director of Research of Legislative Council.
In 2020, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing January 9, 2020, As "law Enforcement Appreciation Day" In Delaware.. Description: This Concurrent Resolution recognizes January 9, 2020, as "Law Enforcement Appreciation Day" in Delaware.
In 2019, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Providing For A Strategic Review Of The Department Of Health And Social Services And Presentation Of Recommendations Regarding A Comprehensive Restructuring Thereof To The Joint Finance Committee.. Description: The Department of Health and Human Services (DHSS) was established in 1970 by legislative enactment with a broad and crucial mandate: to supervise the health, well being, and life of Delaware citizens. In the decades since, the population of Delaware has increased, and the needs of Delaware citizens have required increasingly complex and costly medical interventions; particularly for those most vulnerable among us, such as the elderly and those suffering from addiction. To serve this broad array of individual needs, DHSS has adapted to provide personalized and individualized services to citizens at a level of direct care. Additionally, the broad language of DHSS authorizing statute has required it to maintain focus on other policy initiatives, such as promoting public health and administering healthcare through Medicaid while maintaining compliance with state and Federal laws and regulations, which themselves have grown in complexity. Given the advancements in both individualized care and the policy landscape, this Resolution creates a committee designed to investigate whether to reorganize or restructure the Department as a means to reaffirm its original purpose. Its goal is to ensure that Delawareans receive high-quality care on an individualized basis, and will recommit the Department to its important policy objectives, such as maximizing efficiency and reducing cost.
In 2020, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Division Of Medicaid And Medical Assistance Study The Extension Of Medicaid Coverage Through The First Year Postpartum.. Description: This Senate Concurrent Resolution requests that the Division of Medicaid and Medical Assistance study the extension of Medicaid coverage through the first year postpartum. Insurance coverage is a critical factor in determining women's access to affordable postpartum care and is a key strategy for reducing preventable maternal mortality and to close the disparity in the maternal mortaility rate among black women and women of other races.
In 2020, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Extending The Division Of Developmental Disabilities Services Task Force.. Description: The Division of Developmental Disabilities Services Task Force was established under Senate Concurrent Resolution No. 62 of the 150th General Assembly. The Task Force has met regularly since August 2019, but needs additional time to complete its work. This Concurrent Resolution extends the due date of the Task Force's final report to July 31, 2020.
In 2020, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing February 12, 2020 As "world Cholangiocarcinoma Day" In Delaware.. Description: Cholangiocarcinoma, also known as bile duct cancer, is a cancer that occurs in the bile ducts in or outside the liver. This Resolution recognizes February 12, 2020 as "World Cholangiocarcinoma Day" in Delaware.
In 2020, Delaware engrossed a bill titled: Designating February 6, 2020 As "ronald Reagan Day" In The State Of Delaware. Description: Designating February 6, 2020 as "Ronald Reagan Day" in Delaware.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: Relating To The Election Of Officers Of The House Of Representatives.. Description: This Joint Resolution designates Sheri J. Knott as Bill Clerk of the House of Representatives and Dolores Michels as Assistant Bill Clerk of the House of Representative to serve at the pleasure of the House of Representatives.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: Recognizing The Contributions Of Hattie Bernice Dabney Mishoe, The "first Lady" Of Delaware State University.. Description: This Joint Resolution recognizes the many contributions of Hattie Bernice Dabney Mishoe, the "First Lady" of Delaware State University, and encourages the University to name a building on campus after her.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: The Official General Fund Revenue Estimate For Fiscal Year 2019.. Description: This Resolution provides the official revenue, refund, and unencumbered funds estimates for Fiscal Year 2019.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: The Official General Fund Revenue Estimate For Fiscal Year 2020.. Description: This Resolution provides the official revenue, refund, and unencumbered funds estimates for Fiscal Year 2020.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: Recognizing The University Of Delaware's Center For Environmental Monitoring And Analysis As The Official Repository Of Historical And Real-time Weather And Climatological Observations For The State Of Delaware.. Description: This Joint Resolution recognizes the University of Delaware's Center for Environmental Monitoring and Analysis as the official repository of historical and real-time weather and climatological observations for the State of Delaware.
In 2019, Delaware passed a bill titled: Directing The Behavioral Health Consortium To Issue Legislative And Regulatory Recommendations To Increase The Total Number Of Buprenorphine Prescribers.. Description: This Joint Resolution calls on the Behavioral Health Consortium to issue legislative and regulatory recommendations which would increase access to the total number of Medication Assisted Treatment prescribers among all providers.
In 2020, Delaware passed a bill titled: Vacating Dedicated Parkland Identified As Tax Parcel No. 19-009.00-015.. Description: This Joint Resolution vacates the parkland dedication for ± .22 acres of Tax Parcel No. 19-009.00-015, as depicted in the exhibit that accompanies this Joint Resolution, thereby removing the restrictions on permitted uses for public parks, held in public trust as provided in the common law, including the restrictions under Anderson v. Mayor and Council of Wilmington, 137 A.2d 521 (Del. Ch. 1958) and Lord v. City of Wilmington, 332 A.2d 414 (Del. Ch. 1975), aff'd, 378 A.3d 635 (Del. 1977). The removal of the parkland dedication allows New Castle County to transfer the Property in accordance with § 1521(e) of Title 9. Due to the Propertys unique location, there are no known current or future public needs or benefits in continuing to restrict the use of this Property as dedicated parkland. A significant amount of illegal dumping occurs on the Property, negatively impacting the surrounding community.
In 2020, Delaware passed a bill titled: Vacating Dedicated Parkland ± .31 Acres Of Tax Parcel No. 07-039.30-002.. Description: This Joint Resolution vacates the parkland dedication for ± .31 acres of Tax Parcel No. 07-039.30-002 (the Property), as depicted in the exhibit that accompanies this Joint Resolution, thereby removing the restrictions on permitted uses for public parks, held in public trust as provided in the common law, including the restrictions under Anderson v. Mayor and Council of Wilmington, 137 A.2d 521 (Del. Ch. 1958) and Lord v. City of Wilmington, 332 A.2d 414 (Del. Ch. 1975), aff'd, 378 A.3d 635 (Del. 1977). The removal of the parkland dedication allows New Castle County to transfer the Property in accordance with §1521(e) of Title 9. Due to the Propertys unique location, there are no known current or future public needs or benefits in continuing to restrict the use of the Property as dedicated parkland. A significant amount of illegal dumping occurs on the Property, negatively impacting the surrounding community.
In 2020, Delaware passed a bill titled: Vacating Dedicated Parkland Identified As Tax Parcel No. 19-009.00-011.. Description: This Joint Resolution vacates the parkland dedication for Tax Parcel No. 19-009.00-011 ("the Property"), removing the restrictions on permitted uses for public parks, held in public trust as provided in the common law, including the restrictions under Anderson v. Mayor and Council of Wilmington, 137 A.2d 521 (Del. Ch. 1958) and Lord v. City of Wilmington, 332 A.2d 414 (Del. Ch. 1975), aff'd, 378 A.3d 635 (Del. 1977). The removal of the parkland dedication allows for New Castle County to transfer the Property in accordance with § 1521(e) of Title 9. Due to the Propertys unique location, there are no known current or future public needs or benefits in continuing to restrict the use of the Property as parkland. Currently, the neighboring businesses are using a portion of the Property for parking.
In 2020, Delaware passed a bill titled: The Official General Fund Revenue Estimate For Fiscal Year 2020.. Description: This Resolution provides the official revenue, refund, and unencumbered funds estimates for Fiscal Year 2020.
In 2020, Delaware passed a bill titled: The Official General Fund Revenue Estimate For Fiscal Year 2021.. Description: This Resolution provides the official revenue, refund, and unencumbered funds estimates for Fiscal Year 2021.
