Below are the bills that have been engrossed, enrolled, or passed in the state of Florida:
In 2021, Florida passed a bill titled: Education and Sharing Day. Description: Recognizing March 24, 2021, as "Education and Sharing Day" in Florida, etc.
In 2023, Florida passed a bill titled: Termination of Agreements by a Servicemember. Description: Defining the term "government quarters" for purposes of the termination of a servicemember's rental agreement, etc.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Dominican-American Heritage Day. Description: Recognizing February 27, 2024, as "Dominican-American Heritage Day" in Florida, etc.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Online Protections for Minors. Description: Requiring social media platforms to prohibit certain minors from creating new accounts; requiring social media platforms to terminate certain accounts and provide additional options for termination of such accounts; providing conditions under which social media platforms are required to prohibit certain minors from entering into contracts to become account holders; authorizing the Department of Legal Affairs to bring actions under the Florida Deceptive and Unfair Trade Practices Act for knowing or reckless violations; authorizing the department to issue and enforce civil investigative demands under certain circumstances, etc.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Dozier School for Boys and Okeechobee School Victim Compensation Program. Description: Establishes Dozier School for Boys & Okeechobee School Victim Compensation Program within DLA; requires DLA to provide specified notice & accept & process applications for payment of compensation claims; requires DLA to pay specified compensation amount to approved applicants; limits compensation applicant may receive; authorizes Commissioner of Education to award standard high school diploma to specified persons.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Pub. Rec./Dozier School for Boys and Okeechobee School Victim Compensation Program. Description: Provides exemption from public records requirements for personal identifying information in an application submitted to DLA by person seeking compensation through Dozier School for Boys & Okeechobee School Victim Compensation Program; creates exceptions; provides for future legislative review & repeal of exemption; provides statement of public necessity.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Rabies Vaccinations. Description: Authorizes certain persons to administer rabies vaccinations to certain animals under indirect supervision of veterinarian; defines "indirect supervision."
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Employment. Description: Removing certain employment restrictions for minors 16 and 17 years of age; revising the age at which certain employment restrictions apply; providing for the waiver of a specified restriction by specified persons; restricting the amount of continuous hours certain minors may work without a break for a minimum specified time period; authorizing the department to grant a waiver of the restrictions imposed under the act; providing penalties, etc.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Provision Of Homeowners' Association Rules and Covenants. Description: Requires association to provide copies of association's rules & covenants to every member before specified date, & every new member thereafter; requires association to provide members with copy of updated rules & covenants; authorizes association to adopt rules relating to standards & manner in which such copies are distributed; authorizes association to post complete copy of association's rules & covenants, or direct link thereto, on homepage of association's website; requires association to provide specified notice to its members.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Supported Decisionmaking Authority. Description: Requires court to consider needs & abilities of person with developmental disability when determining whether to appoint guardian advocate; provides requirements for petition to appoint guardian advocate; authorizes agent acting for principal to grant supported decisionmaking agreement; prohibits such agreement from acting as durable power of attorney; provides certain communications shall be recognized as communication of principal; provides requirements for examining committee member when determining incapacitated person's ability to exercise his or her rights.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Trust Funds/Re-creation/State-Operated Institutions Inmate Welfare Trust Fund/DOC. Description: Re-creates State-Operated Institutions Inmate Welfare Trust Fund within DOC; abrogates provisions relating to termination.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Pub. Rec./New State Banks and New State Trust Companies. Description: Provides exemption from public records requirements for information received by OFR relating to application for authority to organize new state bank or new state trust company until specified conditions are met; provides for future legislative review & repeal of exemptions; provides statement of public necessity.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Taking of Bears. Description: Providing for the taking of bears without certain penalties under specified conditions; requiring the disposal of such bears by the Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission; prohibiting certain possession, sale, and disposal of such bears or their parts; etc.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Transportation Facility Designations. Description: Designates Jimmy Buffett Memorial Highway in specified counties.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Pub. Rec./County and City Attorneys. Description: Provides exemption from public records requirements for personal identifying & location information of current county attorneys, assistant county attorneys, deputy county attorneys, city attorneys, assistant city attorneys, & deputy city attorneys & names & personal identifying & location information of spouses & children of such attorneys; provides for future legislative review & repeal; provides statement of public necessity.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Tax Collections and Sales. Description: Removes specified processing fee; revises information to be included in certain report; revises calculation of interest for canceled tax deed applications.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Disclosure of Grand Jury Testimony. Description: Revises list of persons prohibited from disclosing testimony of witness examined before grand jury or evidence it receives; creates exception for request by media or interested person.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Voter Registration Applications. Description: providing an exception to a requirement that certain voter registration applicants must be registered without party affiliation; requiring the department to provide an applicant with a certain receipt; requiring the department to ensure that information technology processes and updates do not alter certain information without written consent; etc.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Economic Development. Description: Removes requirement that certain grants received by regional economic development organization must be matched in certain manner; removes certain demonstration requirements of program applicants; removes requirement that interest be deposited in specified manner; provides that specified earnings may be retained & used to make specified awards or for administrative costs.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Continuing Contracts. Description: Revises maximum estimated construction cost of construction projects for which governmental entity may enter into continuing contract; requires DMS to annually adjust maximum amount allowed under specified contracts using specified index & publish adjusted amount on DMS's website.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Florida Retirement System. Description: Authorizing certain retirees to be reemployed after terminating employment; prohibiting such retirees from receiving both a salary from the employer and retirement benefits for a specified period after his or her retirement; removing provisions authorizing the reemployment of certain law enforcement officers as school resource officers; revising employer contribution rates to the Florida Retirement System, etc.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: HIV Infection Prevention Drugs. Description: Authorizes licensed pharmacists to screen for HIV exposure & order & dispense HIV infection prevention drugs in accordance with written supervisory protocol; requires Board of Pharmacy to adopt rules.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Towing and Storage. Description: Revises provisions relating to towing & storing of vehicles & vessels, including establishing maximum rates for certain cleanup & disposal; excluding or failing to designate certain wrecker operators; authorizing fees; revising requirements relating to removal of vehicles or vessels; revising requirements for liens, notices of lien, sale, notices of sale, & types of payment; requiring operator to accept & maintain certain documents, rate sheets, & invoices; revising criminal penalties.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Antisemitism. Description: Defines term "antisemitism"; provides contemporary examples of antisemitism.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Town of Orchid, Indian River County. Description: Provides exception to general law; authorizes the Town of Orchid in Indian River County to hold public meetings within specified mileage of its jurisdictional boundary under certain circumstances.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Health Care Practitioners and Massage Therapy. Description: Requires DOH to report specified data; authorizes DOH to suspend license of certain health care practitioners & massage establishments in certain circumstances; revises advertising requirements for massage therapists & massage establishments; prohibits establishments from sheltering or harboring, or being used as sleeping quarters for any person; requires DOH investigators to request government identification from all employees while in massage establishment; specifies additional documents person operating massage establishment must present, upon request, to DOH investigators & law enforcement officers; requires DOH to notify federal immigration office if specified persons fail to provide government identification; revises definition of "unlicensed massage establishment".
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Emergency Refills of Insulin and Insulin-related Supplies or Equipment. Description: Authorizes emergency refill of insulin & insulin-related supplies or equipment a specified number of times per year.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Risk Retention Groups. Description: Provides that motor vehicle insurance coverage issued by risk retention groups operating under federal law satisfies financial responsibility requirements under state motor vehicle law.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: College Campus Facilities in Areas of Critical State Concern. Description: Revises authorized uses of revenue from capital improvement fees to include certain college campus facilities & revises number of beds certain FCS institutions may provide to certain persons; revises which funds may be used for construction of dormitories; & requires Division of Bond Finance to conduct analysis of financing before issuance of specified bonds.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Coverage for Skin Cancer Screenings. Description: Requires DMS to require contracted state group health insurance plans to provide coverage & payment for annual skin cancer screenings performed by specified persons without imposing any cost-sharing requirement; specifies requirement for & restriction on payments for such screenings.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Building Regulations. Description: Requiring the Florida Building Commission to modify provisions in the Florida Building Code relating to replacement windows, doors, or garage doors; providing requirements for such modifications; revising the timeframes in which local building officials must issue permits or provide certain written notice if certain private providers affix their professional seal to an affidavit; providing requirements for such written notices; deeming a permit application approved under certain circumstances; prohibiting local building code enforcement agency's from auditing the performance of private providers until the local building code enforcement agency creates a manual for standard operating audit procedures; providing requirements for such manual; requiring the manual to be publicly available online or printed; requiring certain audit results to be readily accessible; specifying when a permit application is deemed complete and approved; requiring the commission to review and consider certain provisions of law and technical amendments thereto and report its findings to the Legislature by a specified date, etc.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Motor Vehicle Parking on Private Property. Description: Provides requirements for signage & invoices for parking facilities; authorizes entities to regulate such signage; prohibits late fees before certain period; requires such invoices to include dispute & appeal method; requires grace period before parking charges may be incurred; prohibits personal information from being sold, offered for sale, or transferred for sale by such owners or operators.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Pub. Rec./Animal Foster or Adoption. Description: Provides exemption from public records requirements for records containing information pertaining to persons with legal custody of animal from animal shelter or animal control agency operated by humane society or local government; provides for future legislative review & repeal of exemption.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Offenses Involving Critical Infrastructure. Description: Provides criminal penalties for improperly tampering with critical infrastructure resulting in specified monetary damage or cost to restore; provides for civil liability upon conviction for such violations; provides criminal penalties for trespass upon critical infrastructure; provides notice requirements; provides criminal penalties for unauthorized access to or tampering with specified electronic devices or networks of critical infrastructure.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Pub. Rec./Recording Notification Service. Description: Providing that certain information submitted to the clerk of the circuit court or property appraiser for the purpose of registering for a recording notification service or a related service is confidential and exempt from public records requirements; providing an exception; providing for future legislative review and repeal of the exemption; providing a directive to the Division of Law Revision; providing a statement of public necessity, etc.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Transportation. Description: limiting the amount of certain revenues in the State Transportation Trust Fund which the Department of Transportation may annually commit to public transit projects; revising provisions relating to a traffic and revenue study provided by a private entity; requiring the department to notify the Division of Bond Finance before entering into an interim or comprehensive agreement; etc.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Hurricane Protections for Homeowners' Associations. Description: Requires board or committee of homeowners' association to adopt hurricane protection specifications; requires such specifications conform to applicable building codes; prohibits board or committee of association from denying application for installation, enhancement, or replacement of certain hurricane protection; authorizes requirement to adhere to certain guidelines regarding external appearance of structure or improvement on parcel.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Offenses Involving Children. Description: Increases maximum age of child victim of specified acts whose out of court statements may be admissible in certain circumstances; provides that first offense of specified sex trafficking offenses involving minors requires designation of defendant as sexual predator.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Release of Balloons. Description: Revises prohibition on release of certain balloons to delete specified timeframe & number of balloons; deletes exemption from such prohibition for certain biodegradable or photodegradable balloons; provides that person who violates prohibition commits noncriminal infraction of littering; revises penalty for such violation; deletes provision authorizing petitions to enjoin release of balloons.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Designation of a Diagnosis on Motor Vehicle Registrations. Description: Requires language on application form for motor vehicle registration to allow applicant to indicate that applicant has been diagnosed with, or is parent or legal guardian of child or ward who has been diagnosed with, specified disabilities or disorders; requires specified designation to be included in motor vehicle record; prohibits inclusion of specified information in motor vehicle record for certain purposes; requires DHSMV to allow specified persons to update motor vehicle registration to include or remove specified designation at any time.
In 2024, Florida engrossed a bill titled: Exemptions from Products Liability Actions. Description: Specifies circumstances under which products liability actions may not be brought against agricultural employers, distributors, dealers, or applicators.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Alternative Headquarters for District Court Judges. Description: Authorizes district court judges to have appropriate facility in adjacent county to their county of residence as their official headquarters; authorizes subsistence & travel reimbursement for such locations.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Special Observances. Description: Designates each November as "Veterans Appreciation Month"; removes provisions relating to Veterans Week; authorizes Governor to issue proclamation with specified information.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: License or Permit to Operate a Vehicle for Hire. Description: Provides that person who holds license or permit issued by county or municipality to operate vehicle for hire may operate vehicle for hire in any other county or municipality without being subject to certain requirements or fees.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Pub. Rec./Financial Information Regarding Competitive Bidding. Description: Provides exemption from public records requirements for certain financial information prospective bidder submits to an agency in order to prequalify for bidding or for responding to solicitation for road or other public works projects; provides for future legislative review & repeal of exemption; provides statement of public necessity.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Safe Exchange of Minor Children. Description: Provides requirements for parenting plan relating to exchange of child; requires court to order parties to parenting plan to exchange child at neutral safe exchange location or supervised visitation program; requires sheriffs to designate areas as neutral safe exchange locations; provides immunity from liability; revises forms for injunctions for protection against domestic violence; requires court-ordered injunctions for protection against domestic violence to designate locations for exchange of child of parties.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Transportation Facility Designations. Description: Provides honorary designations of certain transportation facilities in specified counties; redesignates specified bridge in St. Lucie County as "E.C. Summerlin Family Bridge"; directs DOT to erect suitable markers.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Specialty License Plates. Description: Exempts collegiate license plates from certain discontinuation & presale voucher requirements for specialty license plates; requires DHSMV to reauthorize previously discontinued collegiate license plates; renames & revises words appearing on certain plates; directs DHSMV to develop specified plates; provides for distribution & use of fees collected from sale of plates.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Regulation of Commercial Motor Vehicles. Description: Revises federal regulations to which owners & operators of certain commercial motor vehicles are subject; charges DHSMV with administration & enforcement of certain federal regulations; revises provisions relating to issuance of commercial motor vehicle license or temporary commercial instruction permit; requires certain final orders & rulings to be reviewable; requires downgrade of license or permit under certain circumstances; provides for hearing; provides for dismissal of action to downgrade license or permit; provides for reinstatement of license or permit; limits liability of DHSMV; authorizes issuance of Class E driver license to person prohibited from operating commercial motor vehicle.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Pregnancy and Parenting Resources Website. Description: Requires DOH, in consultation with DCF & AHCA, to maintain website that provides pregnancy & parenting resources & provide clear & conspicuous link to such website on official website of respective departments & agency; requires DOH to contract with third party to develop such website by specified date.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Real Property. Description: Provides that Secretary of State, rather than Governor, appoints commissioners of deeds; broadening powers of certain boards of administration with respect to timeshare plans; provides that managers & managing entities of certain timeshare projects have same rights & remedies as operators of certain establishments & may have law enforcement take certain actions against individuals who engage in certain conduct; requires managing entity of timeshare condominium or timeshare cooperative to provide specified certificate to certain interested parties in lieu of estoppel certificate.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Employment Regulations. Description: Prohibiting political subdivisions from maintaining a minimum wage other than a state or federal minimum wage; prohibiting political subdivisions from controlling, affecting, or awarding preferences based on the wages or employment benefits of entities doing business with the political subdivision; revising and providing applicability; etc.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Anchoring Limitation Areas. Description: Revises anchoring limitation areas in certain sections of Biscayne Bay in Miami-Dade County; revises documentation & evidence criteria for proving location of vessel within anchoring limitation area.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Excusal from Jury Service. Description: Requires that woman who has recently given birth be excused from certain jury service under specified conditions.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Lights Displayed on Fire Department Vehicles. Description: Authorizes certain government-owned fire department vehicles to show or display blue lights.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Alternative Mobility Funding Systems and Impact Fees. Description: Authorizes local governments to adopt alternative mobility plan & fee system; provides requirements for application of adopted alternative system; prohibits alternative system from imposing responsibility for funding existing transportation deficiency upon new development; prohibits local governments that do not issue building permits from charging for transportation impacts associated with development; requires local governments that issue building permits to collect for extrajurisdictional impacts; prohibits local governments from assessing multiple charges for same transportation impact; revises requirements for calculation of impact fees by local governments & special districts.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Building Construction Regulations and System Warranties. Description: Provides specified effective date for provisions relating to HVAC manufacturer's warranty transfers; prohibits HVAC manufacturer's warranties from being conditioned upon product registration; provides effective date for certain HVAC systems & components warranties under specified circumstance; provides required information for warranty & product registration cards & forms; prohibits HVAC systems & components warranties from being conditioned upon product registration.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Lost and Abandoned Property. Description: Revises timeframes within which law enforcement officers must provide certain notices to owners of certain abandoned or lost properties.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Collier Mosquito Control District, Collier County. Description: Amends district boundaries.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Equitable Distribution of Marital Assets and Liabilities. Description: Requires court to consider certain factors when determining if extraordinary circumstances exist; provides certain actions do not change whether real property is marital property; provides that business interests in closely held business is marital asset; requires court to consider certain factors when determining value of such interest; provides that certain real property is nonmarital asset.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Florida Seal of Fine Arts Program. Description: Establishes Florida Seal of Fine Arts Program within DOE; provides purpose of program, eligibility criteria, & Commissioner of Education, DOE, & school district duties & responsibilities.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: DNA Samples from Inmates. Description: Requires certain inmates to submit DNA samples.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Low-voltage Alarm System Projects. Description: Specifies nonelectric fence or wall must enclose outside perimeter of low-voltage electric fence; requires low-voltage electric fence to be specified number of feet above such nonelectric fence or wall; permitting low-voltage electric fences to be installed in areas within more than one zoning category; prohibits municipality, county, district, or other entity of local government from adopting or maintaining ordinances or rules that provide additional requirements for low-voltage alarm system projects.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Student Achievement. Description: Creating the Music-based Supplemental Content to Accelerate Learner Engagement and Success (mSCALES) Pilot Program within the Department of Education; providing the purpose of the pilot program; providing requirements for the pilot program; providing eligibility; etc.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Theft. Description: Reducing minimum threshold amount for grand theft of third degree; creates new offense of grand theft offenses; provides enhanced criminal penalties for committing petit theft of first degree & having certain previous convictions; revises number of thefts required within specified aggregation period required to commit specified violation for retail theft; revises specified timeframes in which individual acts of retail theft may be aggregated; prohibits retail theft with specified number of other persons for specified purpose; prohibits retail theft when social media platform is used to solicit participation; requires person convicted of retail theft to pay specified restitution.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Individual Wine Containers. Description: Revises exception to maximum allowable capacity for individual container of wine sold in this state.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Hot Car Death Prevention. Description: Designates month of April as "Hot Car Death Prevention Month"; encourages specified entities to sponsor events to promote public awareness on dangers of leaving child unattended in motor vehicle & provide methods to prevent hot car deaths.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Law Enforcement and Correctional Officers. Description: Authorizing county sheriffs to establish civilian oversight boards to review the policies and procedures of the sheriff's office and its subdivisions; prohibiting a political subdivision from adopting or attempting to enforce certain ordinances relating to the receipt, processing, or investigation of complaints against law enforcement officers or correctional officers, or relating to civilian oversight of law enforcement agency investigations of complaints of misconduct by such officers; revising the base salary for sheriffs; authorizing the chief of a municipal police department to establish a civilian oversight board to review the policies and procedures of the chief's department and its subdivisions, etc.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Mobile Home Park Lot Tenancies. Description: Revises powers, duties, & obligations of Division of Florida Condominiums, Timeshares, & Mobile Homes of DBPR; revises provisions relating to mediation & mediator selection; provides requirements relating to live-in health care aides.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Sovereign Immunity for Professional Firms. Description: Provides applicability; requires that contracts with certain professional firms must, to extent permitted by law, provide indemnity to DOT.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Property Rights. Description: Authorizes property owners or authorized agents to request assistance from sheriff for immediately removing unauthorized occupants from residential dwelling under certain conditions; requires specified complaint; provides requirements for sheriff; authorizes arrest of unauthorized occupant; provides that sheriff is not liable to any party for loss, destruction, or damage; provides that property owner or agent is not liable to any party for loss or destruction of, or damage to, personal property unless it was wrongfully removed; prohibits unlawfully detaining, or occupying or trespassing upon, residential dwelling intentionally & causing at least specified amount of damage; provides criminal penalties for any person who knowingly & willfully presents false document purporting to be valid lease agreement, deed, or other instrument conveying real property rights; prohibits listing or advertising for sale, or renting or leasing, residential real property.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Builder Warranties. Description: Requiring a builder to provide certain warranties for a newly constructed home for a specified period; providing that certain defects are not covered by such warranties; providing construction; requiring the builder to remedy, at the builder's expense, certain defects and restore work damaged; providing that a builder may purchase a warranty from a certain home warranty association to cover specified warranties; requiring the builder to comply with the warranty requirement for a newly constructed home for a specified period even if it is sold or transferred, etc.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Town of Horseshoe Beach, Dixie County. Description: Provides exception to general law; requires Division of Alcoholic Beverages & Tobacco of DBPR to issue special alcoholic beverage license to certain restaurants which meet space, seating, & minimum gross revenue requirements; provides conditions for revocation of such license or denial of pending application for such license.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Public Works Projects. Description: Revising the definition of the term "public works project"; revising applicability of a provision that prohibits the state or a political subdivision that contracts for a public works project from taking certain actions under specified circumstances, etc.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: State University Unexpended Funds. Description: Authorizes state university to retain & report annual reserve balance exceeding specified amount; & authorizes state university's carry forward spending plan to include reserve fund to be used for authorized expenses in subsequent years.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: In-store Servicing of Alcoholic Beverages. Description: Authorizes in-store servicing of distilled spirits sold by distributor to vendor.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Pub. Rec./Problem-solving Court Participant Records. Description: Provides public records exemptions for specified veterans treatment court program records & mental health court program records; provides statement of public necessity.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Veterans' Long-term Care Facilities Admissions. Description: Revises eligibility for residency in Veterans' Domiciliary Home of Florida to include specified individuals; adds such individuals to priority of admittance schedule; revises admission eligibility for veterans' nursing homes to include specified persons; revises priority of admittance to include such persons.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Town of Hillsboro Beach, Broward County. Description: Requires Division of Alcoholic Beverages & Tobacco of DBPR to issue special alcoholic beverage license to residential condominium that meets certain requirements; limits issuance of such license & provision & sale of alcoholic beverages under such license; authorizes division to regulate & supervise residential condominiums to which such licenses have been issued; authorizes division to revoke or suspend such licenses.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Canaveral Port District, Brevard County. Description: Revises Charter of Canaveral Port District, Brevard County; provides for increase in amount of levied tax permitted to be used for payment of principal & interest on revenue certificates & bonds; requires port authority to take reasonable measures to support Commercial Space Launch Industry & to submit annual report.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Interpersonal Violence Injunction Petitions. Description: Revises verification requirements for specified interpersonal violence injunction petitions.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Surrendered Infants. Description: Authorizes parent to surrender infant with medical staff or licensed healthcare professional at hospital after delivery; authorizes parent to surrender infant by dialing 911 to request that EMS provider meet surrendering parent at specified location; requires surrendering parent to stay with infant until EMS provider arrives to take custody of infant.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Unsolicited Proposals for Public-private Partnerships. Description: Authorizes, rather than requires, responsible public entity to publish notice of unsolicited proposal for qualifying project in specified manner & that other proposals for same project will be accepted; authorizes responsible public entity to proceed with unsolicited proposal for qualifying project without public bidding process if responsible public entity holds public meeting that meets certain requirements & holds a subsequent public meeting at which responsible public entity makes certain determination; requires responsible public entity to consider certain factors; requires responsible public entity to publish certain report in Florida Administrative Register for certain period in certain circumstances; revises certain determinations that responsible public entity must make before approving comprehensive agreement.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Coral Springs Improvement District, Broward County. Description: Prohibits board of supervisors of district from receiving bids on certain contracts; provides exception; requires board to comply with certain statutory bidding procedures; authorizes board to reject all bids if such rejection is in best interests of district; provides that competitive bidding for certain contracts is subject to statutory provisions; authorizes district to apply to DMS to purchase certain commodities & contractual services.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Easements Affecting Real Property Owned by the Same Owner. Description: Authorizes owner of real property to create easement, servitude, or other interest in owner's real property & providing that such easement, servitude, or other interest is valid; providing legislative intent; etc.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Alzheimer's Disease and Related Dementia Training for Law Enforcement and Correctional Officers. Description: Requires FDLE to establish online, continued employment training component relating to Alzheimer's disease & related forms of dementia; requires training component be developed with DOEA; specifies instruction requirements for training; authorizes completion of such training to count toward certain requirement.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Certified Public Accountants. Description: Authorizes certified public accountants to apply to DBPR to place their licenses on retired status; provides requirements for application; provides that licensee loses retired status in certain circumstances; authorizes retired licensee to take certain actions without losing retired status; requires certain affirmation; authorizes retired licensee to accept reimbursements or per diem amounts; prohibits retired licensee from offering or rendering certain professional services; provides for reactivation of retired licensee's license; provides requirements for conditions of such reactivation.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Lehigh Acres Municipal Services Improvement District, Hendry and Lee Counties. Description: Expands territorial boundaries of district.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: North Okaloosa Fire District, Okaloosa County. Description: Authorizes Board of Fire Commissioners of district to establish schedule of impact fees for new construction within its jurisdictional boundaries; provides for use of such impact fees; requires recordkeeping; authorizes agreements with general purpose local governments for certain purposes.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Veterinary Practices. Description: Authorizing licensed veterinarians to practice veterinary telehealth in accordance with specified criteria; specifying the powers of the Board of Veterinary Medicine related to the practice of telehealth; providing that the practice of veterinary medicine is deemed to occur under specified circumstances; specifying the drugs that a veterinarian practicing telehealth may not provide unless specified conditions are met; providing specific authorizations for cases in which the patient is a food-producing species, etc.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Dental Services. Description: Requires dentists & certain partnerships, or corporations to designate with board dentist of record & provide information to certain patients; requires any individual, partnership, or corporation that provides dental services through telehealth to make available specified information; defines term "advertisement"; requires advertisements of dental services provided through telehealth to include specified disclaimer; provides requirements for initial examination for orthodontic appliances; defines "in-person examination."
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Youth Athletic Activities. Description: Revises requirements for athletic coaches to include certification in cardiopulmonary resuscitation, first aid, & use of automatic external defibrillators.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: North River Ranch Improvement Stewardship District, Manatee County. Description: Revises boundaries of district.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Short-acting Bronchodilator Use in Public and Private Schools. Description: Authorizes certain public & private school students to carry short-acting bronchodilators & components; provides school district, public school, private school, and parental requirements.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Coverage for Biomarker Testing. Description: Requires DMS to provide coverage of biomarker testing for specified purposes for state employees' state group health insurance plan policies; authorizes AHCA to pay for biomarker testing under Medicaid program for specified purposes, subject to specific appropriations; requires managed care plans under contract with agency in Medicaid program to provide coverage for biomarker testing for Medicaid recipients in certain manner; specifies circumstances under which such coverage may be provided; requires clear, convenient, & readily accessible process for authorization requests for biomarker testing.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Dorcas Fire District, Okaloosa County. Description: Provides that district is dependent special district; removes provisions relating to district's status as independent special district; provides that Okaloosa County Board of County Commissioners or its appointees shall serve as governing board; removes provisions relating to duties, election, terms, compensation, & meetings of district board of commissioners; removes requirement that resolution or ordinance adopted by board & approved by referendum only be repealed by referendum; authorizes district to assess ad valorem taxes & non-ad valorem assessments, & to impose & foreclose non-ad valorem assessment liens, as authorized by law; removes board's authority to enter into certain agreements; revises rate of assessment of non-ad valorem assessments; provides that expansion & merger of district shall be ratified by board.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Career and Technical Education. Description: Revises duties of Office of Reimagining Education & Career Help; revises provisions relating to journeymen & specified career fairs; provides exemption for minors to work in specified conditions; revises list of individuals who are required to review & comment on certain revisions to state academic standards; requires DOE to convene workgroup by specified date; authorizes certain students to be exempt from completing certain examinations.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Artificial Intelligence Use in Political Advertising. Description: Requires certain political advertisements, electioneering communications, or other miscellaneous advertisements to include specified disclaimer; specifies requirements for disclaimer; provides for criminal & civil penalties; authorizes person to file certain complaints; provides for expedited hearings.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Wills and Estates. Description: Revising provisions related to probate records & Florida Uniform Disposition of Community Property Rights at Death Act.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: School Chaplains. Description: Authorizes school districts & charter schools to adopt policy to allow volunteer school chaplains; requires district school boards & charter school governing boards to assign specified duties to such volunteer school chaplains; requires volunteer school chaplains to meet certain background screening requirements; requires school districts and charter schools to publish specified information under certain circumstances.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Home Health Care Services. Description: Authorizes advanced practice registered nurses & physician assistants to order or write prescriptions for certain Medicaid services.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Purple Alert. Description: Requires local law enforcement agencies to develop policies for local activation of Purple Alert for certain missing adults; specifies requirements; specifies duties of FDLE's Missing Endangered Persons Information Clearinghouse in event of state Purple Alert; specifies conditions under which local law enforcement agency may request clearinghouse to open case.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Consumer Protection. Description: defining terms; revising requirements for payment settlement entities, or their electronic payment facilitators or contracted third parties, in submitting information returns to the Department of Revenue; authorizing a residential property owner to cancel contracts to replace or repair a roof without penalty or obligation within a specified timeframe under certain circumstances; providing requirements for certain notice of change in insurance renewal policy terms; providing that certain actions or certain failure of financial institutions to cooperate in specified investigations constitute violations of the Florida Deceptive and Unfair Trade Practices Act; etc.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Background Screenings and Certifications. Description: Provides qualifications for person seeking certification as person with lived experience; requires continuum of care lead agencies to submit certain information to DCF for purposes of background screening; expands certain background screening requirements to apply to all health care practitioners; revises licensure, registration, or certification requirements for acupuncturists; optometrists; pharmacists; dentists; midwives; speech-language pathologists & audiologists; nursing home administrators; occupational therapists; respiratory therapists; dietitian/nutritionists; practitioners of orthotics, prosthetics, or pedorthics; electrologists; clinical laboratory personnel; medical physicists; genetic counselors; opticians; physical therapists; psychologists & school psychologists; clinical social workers, marriage & family therapists, & mental health counselors.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Pub. Rec./Clerks of the Circuit Court, Deputy Clerks, and Clerk Personnel. Description: Provides exemption from public records requirements for personal identifying & location information of current clerks of circuit court, deputy clerks of circuit court, & clerk of circuit court personnel & names & personal identifying & location information of spouses & children of such clerks, deputy clerks, & clerk personnel; provides for future legislative review & repeal of exemption; provides for retroactive application; provides statement of public necessity.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Chief Financial Officer. Description: Creates Federal Tax Liaison position within DFS; provides that, upon diagnosis of cancer, firefighters are entitled to certain benefits; provides additional grounds for qualified public depositories to be suspended & disqualified; provides reimbursement schedule requirements for emergency services & care under workers' compensation; provides qualification for all-lines adjuster licenses; authorizes OFR to receive complaints from customer or member who reasonably believes that financial institution has acted in bad faith in taking action restricting access to such customer's or member's account; provides circumstances under which property is presumed unclaimed; provides circumstances under which virtual currency held or owing by banking organizations are not presumed unclaimed; revises date on which stocks & other equity interests in business associations are presumed unclaimed; provides that certain intangible property held by attorneys in fact & by agents in fiduciary capacity are presumed unclaimed; provides that state assumes custody & responsibility for safekeeping of unclaimed property upon good faith payments or deliveries of property to department.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Nicotine Dispensing Devices. Description: Requires nicotine product manufacturers who sell nicotine dispensing devices to execute form prescribed by Division of Alcoholic Beverages & Tobacco of DBPR, for each nicotine dispensing device sold; requires division to develop & maintain directory; requires division to make directory available on website; prohibits nicotine product manufacturer from selling, shipping, or distributing nicotine dispensing devices for retail sale; requires wholesale nicotine product dealers to purchase & sell for retail only those nicotine dispensing devices listed on directory; prohibits certain persons & entities from dealing, at retail, in nicotine dispensing devices not listed on directory; provides for seizure & destruction of contraband nicotine dispensing devices.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Community Associations. Description: Provides requirements & penalties for community association managers & management firms relating to conflicts of interest; revises & provides provisions relating to condominium & cooperative associations, including milestone inspections, reporting requirements, financial reports, unit owner & board meetings, director education, criminal activity & penalties, official records, legal actions, electronic voting, & notices; requires Division of Florida Condominiums, Time Shares, & Mobile Homes to submit report to Governor & Legislature & create database.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: St. Lucie County. Description: Provides an exception to general law; limits compensation to health care provider that provides medical services for inmate housed in St. Lucie County detention center if provider does not have contract with county to provide such services; limits compensation to entity that provides emergency medical transportation services for inmate housed in St. Lucie County detention center if entity does not have contract with county to provide such services.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Municipal Service District of Ponte Vedra Beach, St. Johns County. Description: Revises provisions relating to terms of office of District Trustees; revises capital expenditure amount required to be approved by voters of district; revises authority of district to approve such expenditure; revises limitation on amount of district's contingency reserves.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: My Safe Florida Condominium Pilot Program. Description: Establishes My Safe Florida Condominium Pilot Program within DFS; provides requirements for DFS, wind certification entities, hurricane mitigation inspectors & inspections, inspection & grant applications, mitigation grant eligibility, grant matching & maximum grant amounts, mitigation projects & use of grant funds, contracts, & annual report.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Debt Relief Services. Description: Provides exception from specified provisions for telemarketers & sellers who provide debt relief services.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Flood Disclosure in the Sale of Real Property. Description: Requires seller of residential real property to provide specified information to a prospective purchaser; specifies how such information must be disclosed.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Chiropractic Medicine. Description: Authorizes chiropractic physicians to use dry needling treatments for specified purposes; requires certain training & certification; requires Board of Chiropractic Medicine to certify certain applicants who provide specified credentials evaluation report.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Substance Abuse Treatment. Description: Provides levels of care at certified recovery residences & their respective levels of care for residents; defines "community housing"; authorizes DCF to issue license for service components operated by service provider; requires certified recovery residences to remove individuals from their positions under certain circumstances; prohibits certified recovery residences from denying individual access to housing under specified circumstances.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Florida Uniform Fiduciary Income and Principal Act. Description: Revises provisions of Florida Uniform Principal & Income Act governing trusts, estates, life estates, & other term interests.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Clerks of Court. Description: Revises fund into which moneys recovered by state attorneys must be remitted; revises fund into which payments received must be remitted as related to public defenders or regional counsels; revises entity that funds capital collateral regional counsel; revises list of court-related functions that clerks may fund from filing fees, service charges, court costs, & fines; revises fund into which filing fees are to be deposited; revises distribution of administrative fees; creates Clerk of Court Driver License Reinstatement Pilot Program; revises funds into which certain moneys received by state attorneys must be deposited.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Permanency for Children. Description: Revises & creates provisions relating to dependent children, including criminal history records checks, removing children from court-ordered placement, evidence required to amend case plans, Guardianship Assistance Program, notice requirements, review of DCF denial of application to adopt, home studies, adoption assistance services, adoption fees & court orders, required reports, advertising adoption services, & photo listing component of statewide adoption exchange.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Security for Jewish Day Schools and Preschools. Description: Requiring DOE to establish program to provide funds to Jewish day schools & preschools for specified security purposes; provides authorized uses for such funds.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Use of Lights and Sirens on Emergency Vehicles. Description: Authorizes driver of authorized emergency vehicle to exercise certain privileges when transporting organs or surgical teams for organ donation or transplant to certain locations; authorizes authorized emergency vehicles to operate emergency lights & sirens in emergency; authorizes organ transport vehicles to show or display red lights; authorizes organ transport vehicle to display or use red warning signals.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Three Rivers Stewardship District, Sarasota County. Description: Revises boundaries of district.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: City of North Port, Sarasota County. Description: Creates Star Farms Village at North Port Stewardship District; establishes boundaries; provides for board of supervisors & election, membership, terms, meetings, & duties of board; provides method for transition of board from landowner control to control by resident electors; provides for district manager & treasurer; provides general & special powers of district; provides for bonds, borrowing, future ad valorem taxation, special assessments, issuance of certificates of indebtedness, & tax liens; provides for fees & charges; provides for referendum.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Online Sting Operations Grant Program. Description: Creates Online Sting Operations Grant Program within FDLE to support local law enforcement agencies in creating sting operations to protect children; requires FDLE to annually award grant funds; provides funding requirements.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Violations Against Vulnerable Road Users. Description: Requires person who commits infraction that causes serious bodily injury to, or causes death of, vulnerable road user to pay specified civil penalty; requires person's driver license to be suspended for specified period; requires person to attend specified driver improvement course.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Broadband. Description: Extends expiration date of certain promotional rate.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Verification of Eligibility for Homestead Exemption. Description: Requires DOR to provide form for specified purpose; authorizing property appraisers to provide tentative verification of eligibility for specified exemptions & discounts; requires such form to indicate specified information; prohibits specified decisions from certain review.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Town of Sneads, Jackson County. Description: Transfers real property from Board of Trustees of Internal Improvement Trust Fund to Town Council of Town of Sneads; provides requirements for use & sale or disposition of real property; requires conveyance of real property by specified date.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Schemes to Defraud. Description: Provides for reclassification of certain offenses when committed against persons 65 years of age or older, against minors, or against persons with disabilities; provides for civil actions for damages by persons whose image or likeness was used in scheme to defraud with their consent.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Juvenile Justice. Description: Revises penalties for minors committing firearms violations; redesignates civil citation programs as delinquency citation programs; requires child on probation for felony firearm offense who is taken into custody be placed in secure detention; requires specified sanctions for certain children adjudicated for firearms offenses; requires DJJ to create graduated response matrix to hold youths accountable for probation & conditional release terms; authorizes exception to revocation or suspension of driving privileges in certain circumstances; requires DJJ to establish specified class for firearms offenders; revises provisions concerning introduction of contraband into DJJ facilities.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Department of Corrections. Description: Provides additional authority for law enforcement officers of office of inspector general concerning department & contractor-operated correctional facilities; provides that correctional privatization contracts are not exempt from state contracting provisions unless otherwise specified; replaces term "private correctional facility" with "contractor-operated correctional facility."
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Homeowners' Associations. Description: Providing requirements for certain community association managers and community association management firms; requiring certain associations to post certain documents on its website or make available such documents through an application by a date certain; providing that an association or its agent is not liable for the disclosure of certain information; requiring an association or any architectural, construction improvement, or other such similar committee of an association to apply and enforce certain standards reasonably and equitably; etc.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Tuskegee Airmen Commemoration Day. Description: Designates Tuskegee Airmen Commemoration Day, which occurs on fourth Thursday in March, as legal holiday.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Sexual Predators and Sexual Offenders. Description: Revises reporting requirements; specifies criteria applicable for removal of status for certain persons; revises registration requirements; revises provisions relating to verification; revises penalties.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Providers of Cardiovascular Services. Description: Requires AHCA to adopt rules that allow Level I Adult Cardiovascular Services program to use certain tools & treatments.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Economic Self-sufficiency. Description: Provides requirements for local workforce development boards; requires DOC to develop certain training; authorizes participation in programs or courses for specified number of hours per week; authorizes DOC to suspend work requirements; requires DCF to administer exit survey; provides requirements for voluntary case management services; requires development of intake & exit surveys & survey results to be disseminated quarterly; creates School Readiness Plus Program within DOE; provides requirements for such program.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Interception and Disclosure of Oral Communications. Description: Authorizing the interception and recording of an oral communication by the parent or legal guardian of a child under a specified age under certain circumstances; requiring that the recording be provided to a law enforcement agency; prohibiting any further dissemination or sharing of the recording, etc.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Education. Description: Revises provisions relating to K-12 education, postsecondary education, & Education Practices Commission; establishes Purple Star School District Program; creates AA specialized transfer degrees; requires SBE to adopt rules for issuance of classical education teaching certificate.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Educator Preparation Programs. Description: Prohibits courses & curriculum of teacher preparation programs, postsecondary educator preparation institutes, professional learning certification programs, & school leader preparation programs from distorting certain events & including certain curriculum & instruction; & requires teacher preparation programs, postsecondary educator preparation institutes, professional learning certification programs, & school leader preparation programs to afford candidates certain opportunities.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Department of Transportation. Description: Provides & revises DOT authority & responsibilities; revises provisions regarding prepaid toll accounts, Florida DOT Financing Corporation projects, & public transit providers, projects, & vehicles; prohibits certain DOT actions & expenditures; provides responsibilities of DOC & DOT with respect thereto; authorizes DOC & DOT to adopt rules; requires certain unallocated funds for New Starts Transit Program to be reallocated for purpose of Strategic Intermodal System.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Residential Tenancies. Description: Defines "Florida financial institution."
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Patriotic Organizations. Description: Authorizing school districts to allow representatives of patriotic organizations to speak to students, distribute certain materials, and provide opportunities for certain displays relating to the patriotic organizations; requiring certain school districts to provide a date and time for such patriotic organizations to speak with students, distribute materials, and provide certain displays; authorizing patriotic organizations to be provided certain access to school buildings and properties under certain circumstances, etc.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Veterans. Description: Revises provisions related to veterans including veterans' history program, Florida Is For Veterans, Inc., Veterans Employment & Training Services Program, grants, workforce training & recruitment, exemption from fees, advisory council on brain & spinal cord injuries, & required instruction on Veterans' Day & Memorial Day.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Commodities Produced by Forced Labor. Description: Prohibits company on forced labor vendor list from taking certain procurement actions; prohibits agency from procuring commodities from certain companies; requires solicitations & contracts to include certain statement; requires contracts to include termination provision; requires DMS to create & maintain forced labor vendor list; subjects company that submits false certification or that should have had certain knowledge to fines; authorizes removal of company from forced labor vendor list in certain circumstances.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Department of Business and Professional Regulation. Description: Requiring persons or entities licensed or permitted by the department's Division of Alcoholic Beverages and Tobacco, or applying for such license or permit, to create and maintain an account with the division's online system and provide an e-mail address to the division; revising the amount of an initial corporate surety bond required as a condition of licensure as a tobacco product distributor; requiring certain persons or entities certified or registered under the Elevator Safety Act, or applying for such certifications or registrations, to create and maintain an online account with the department's Division of Hotels and Restaurants and provide an e-mail address to the division; etc.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Consumer Finance Loans. Description: Prohibits person from operating branch of business making consumer finance loans before obtaining license; revises maximum interest rates on consumer finance loans; revises minimum amount of time before delinquency charge may be imposed; requires licensees offering assistance program to borrowers after federally declared major disaster to send notice to office; requires licensees to offer to borrowers credit education programs or seminars; provides requirements for licensee claiming submitted information contains trade secret; requires licensees to suspend actions for certain timeframe after federally declared disaster.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Education. Description: Providing for the award of grants to school districts to implement artificial intelligence in support of students and teachers; providing requirements for the use of such artificial intelligence; eligible expenses for
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Traffic Enforcement. Description: Prohibits contracts awarded by certain entities outside this state from being used to procure contracts with manufacturers or vendors of camera systems used for traffic enforcement; prohibits governmental entity from knowingly entering into or renewing certain contracts for such camera systems; requires certain counties or municipalities to enact ordinance to authorize contract for installation of traffic infraction detectors & to consider evidence & make determination at public hearing; requires approval by governing body before contracting or renewing contract; requires report to DHSMV; prohibits compliance with certain provisions from being raised in proceeding challenging violation; provides for suspension of noncompliant county or municipality from operating traffic infraction detectors; requires DHSMV to publish certain reports.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Unauthorized Public Camping and Public Sleeping. Description: Prohibits counties & municipalities from authorizing or otherwise allowing public camping or sleeping on public property without certification of designated public property by DCF; authorizes counties to designate public property for such uses for specified time period; requires counties to establish specified standards & procedures relating to such property; authorizes DCF to inspect such property & to issue notice; provides exception during specified emergencies.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Digital Voyeurism. Description: Redesignates "video voyeurism" as "digital voyeurism"; revises elements; provides reduced criminal penalties for certain violations by persons under 19 years of age; specifies that each instance of certain violations is separate offense; provides for reclassification of certain violations by certain persons who are family or household members of victim or who hold position of authority or trust with victim.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Court Interpreter Services. Description: Authorizes state courts system to use state revenues, if available, to provide court-appointed interpreting services to nonindigent individuals; requires such services to be provided as prescribed by Supreme Court; removes cost recovery requirement for court-appointed interpreting services; provides exception for translation services.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: School Choice. Description: Revises contributions & provisions for Florida Tax Credit Scholarship Program; revises provisions for Family Empowerment Scholarship Program, Hope Scholarship Program, virtual instruction program providers, private school requirements, & students in personalized education programs.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Peer Support for First Responders. Description: Revises definition of "first responder" to include correctional officers & correctional probation officers.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Juvenile Justice. Description: Authorizes DJJ employees & contracted providers to possess & administer opioid antagonists; provides immunity from liability for administration; replacing term "gender-specific" with "sex-specific"; eliminates minimum-risk nonresidential restrictiveness level; redesignates "nonsecure residential restrictiveness level" as "moderate-risk residential level"; revises provisions concerning transitioning child to & from secure detention care & supervised release detention care.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Identification Documents. Description: Prohibits counties & municipalities, respectively, from accepting certain ID cards or documents that are knowingly issued to individuals who are not lawfully present in United States as form of identification; provides exception.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: School Safety. Description: Revises provisions & establishes reporting requirements for school guardian programs & school guardians; revises school safety requirements for DOE, school districts, charter schools, & school safety specialists.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Pinellas County Construction Licensing Board, Pinellas County. Description: Revises board membership; revises commencement & expiration of terms; removes provisions relating to registration; removes obsolete funding & certification provisions; removes provisions requiring code compliance bond & proof of certain liability insurance as conditions for certification.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Pub. Rec./Investigations by the Department of Legal Affairs. Description: Providing an exemption from public records requirements for information relating to investigations by the Department of Legal Affairs of certain social media violations; authorizing the department to disclose such information for specified purposes; providing for future legislative review and repeal of the exemption; providing an exemption from public records requirements for information relating to investigations by the department of certain age verification violations; providing for future legislative review and repeal of the exemption; providing a statement of public necessity, etc.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Citizens Property Insurance Corporation. Description: Revises circumstances under which certain insurers' association shall levy market equalization surcharges on policyholders; provides that certain accounts for Citizens Property Insurance Corporation revenues, assets, liability, losses, & expenses are now maintained as Citizens account; revises requirements for certain coverages by corporation; requires inclusion of quota share primary insurance in certain policies; specifies that certain provisions apply to personal lines residential risks that are primary residences and to personal lines residential risks that are not primary residences; provides that comparisons of comparable coverages under certain personal lines residential risks & commercial lines residential risks do not apply to policies that do not cover primary residences; provides that certain risks that could not be insured under standard policies are eligible for certain basic policies; revises corporation's plan of operation.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Pub. Rec./School Guardians. Description: Provides exemption from public records requirements for information relating to school guardians held by FDLE, law enforcement agency, school district, or charter school.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Qualifications for County Emergency Management Directors. Description: Requiring county emergency management directors to meet specified qualifications; requiring current such directors to meet such qualifications by specified date.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Child Exploitation Offenses. Description: Creating the offense of harmful communication to a minor; ranking the offense on the offense severity ranking chart of the Criminal Punishment Code; etc.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Florida State Guard. Description: Requires each applicant for Florida State Guard to submit fingerprints to Division of State Guard or to certain vendor, entity, or agency; requires fingerprints to be forwarded to FDLE for state processing & to FBI for national criminal history record check; requires DMA, & authorizes division, to review certain results & make specified determination; requires division to bear fees for state & federal fingerprint processing & retention; specifies state cost for fingerprint processing; requires retention of fingerprints by FDLE & enrollment of fingerprints in FBI's national retained print arrest notification program; requires identified arrest record to be reported to division.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Cybersecurity. Description: Exempts state chief technology officer from career service; revises purposes for which Florida Digital Service is established; requires state CIO, in consultation with Secretary of Management Services, to designate state chief technology officer; authorizes chairs of certain legislative committees or subcommittees to attend exempt portions of meetings of Florida Cybersecurity Advisory Council if authorized by President of Senate or Speaker of House of Representatives, as applicable; requires state agency & local government to report ransomware & cybersecurity incidents; requires Cybersecurity Operations Center to provide notifications & reports; requires DMS to preserve data & provide aid in certain circumstances; requires DLE to coordinate incident responses; revises membership of Florida Cybersecurity Advisory Council; revises mission & goals of Florida Center for Cybersecurity.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Department of Environmental Protection. Description: Revises, creates, & repeals various provisions under jurisdiction of DEP relating to aquatic preserves; preservation & regeneration of seagrass; Southeast Florida Coral Reef Ecosystem Conservation Area; use of reclaimed water; Resilient Florida Grant Program; comprehensive statewide flood vulnerability & sea level rise data set & assessment; Statewide Flooding & Sea Level Rise Resilience Plan; regional planning councils & estuary partnerships; transfer of regulation of Onsite Sewage Program from DOH to DEP; domestic wastewater treatment facilities; & basin management action plans.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Office Surgeries. Description: Requiring medical offices performing specified office surgeries to demonstrate to the department that they have established financial responsibility in a specified manner; revising standards of practice for office
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Florida Red Tide Mitigation and Technology Development Initiative. Description: Requires initiative to develop certain deployment technologies & approaches & submit report to DEP, FWCC, DACS, & specified state agencies; requires DEP to submit evaluation regarding technologies & approaches to Mote Marine Laboratory within specified time period & amend regulatory or permitting processes & expedite regulatory reviews; removes expiration of date of initiative.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Exemption from Regulation for Bona Fide Nonprofit Organizations. Description: Authorizes FSC to adopt rules prescribing criteria & processes for determining whether organization is bona fide nonprofit organization for specified purpose; provides exemptions from certain regulation for bona fide nonprofit organizations & certain employees of bona fide nonprofit organization that meet specified criteria; requires Office of Financial Regulation to make specified determination; requires office to make such determination based on terms consistent with loan origination in public or charitable context; requires office to periodically examine books & activities of organization & to revoke its status as bona fide nonprofit organization.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Florida Keys Aqueduct Authority, Monroe County. Description: Removes provision prohibiting combination of water system with sewer system within geographic boundaries of authority for purposes of financing.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Pace Fire Rescue District, Santa Rosa County. Description: Removes district's authority to levy & collect ad valorem taxes; establishes maximum rates for non-ad valorem assessments; provides exception to general law relating to initial levy of non-ad valorem assessments.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Avalon Beach-Mulat Fire Protection District, Santa Rosa County. Description: Removes district's authority to levy ad valorem taxes; establishes maximum rates for non-ad valorem assessments; provides exception to general law relating to initial levy of non-ad valorem assessments.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Midway Fire District, Santa Rosa County. Description: Removes district's authority to levy ad valorem taxes; establishes maximum rates for non-ad valorem assessments; provides exception to general law relating to initial levy of non-ad valorem assessments.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Driving Without a Valid Driver License. Description: Revises penalties for offense of driving without valid driver license; requires specified minimum jail sentence for third or subsequent conviction of such offense.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Insurance. Description: Revising the entities for which the Office of Insurance Regulation is required to conduct market conduct examinations; requiring insurers and insurer groups to file a specified supplemental report on a monthly basis; prohibiting insurers from canceling and nonrenewing policies covering dwellings and residential properties damaged as a result hurricanes or wind losses within certain timeframes; providing exceptions to such prohibitions against eligible surplus lines insurers within certain timeframes; etc.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Energy Resources. Description: Allows resiliency facilities in local government comprehensive plans & specified districts; requires rural electric coops & municipal electric utilities to enter into mutual aid agreement for restoring power after natural disaster; requires public utilities to provide notice to PSC of power plant retirements; authorizes PSC to approve voluntary electric vehicle charging programs; prohibits construction, operation, or expansion of certain wind energy facilities & wind turbines; requires PSC to conduct assessment of state's electric grid & natural gas facilities against physical & cyber threats; requires PSC to evaluate feasibility of using advanced nuclear power technologies; requires DOT to study hydrogen fueling infrastructure to support hydrogen-powered vehicles.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Duties and Prohibited Acts Associated with Death. Description: Authorizes report regarding specified deaths & circumstances to be made to law enforcement agency in addition to medical examiner; increases criminal penalty for failing or refusing to report death or for refusing to make available certain information with intent to conceal death or alter evidence & circumstances surrounding death; increases criminal penalty for willfully touching, removing, or disturbing body without order from office of district medical examiner with intent to conceal death or alter evidence & circumstances surrounding death.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: General Appropriations Act. Description: Provides moneys for annual period beginning July 1, 2024, & ending June 30, 2025, & supplemental appropriations for period ending June 30, 2024, to pay salaries & other expenses, capital outlay--buildings & other improvements, & for other specified purposes of various agencies of state government.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Implementing the 2024-2025 General Appropriations Act. Description: Implements specified appropriations of the General Appropriations Act for 2023-2024 fiscal year.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Collective Bargaining. Description: Provides for resolution pursuant to specified instructions of collective bargaining issues at impasse between state & certified representatives of bargaining units for state employees.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Education. Description: Providing for the initial open enrollment period for specified employees; providing requirements for the minimum participation period for specified institutions; requiring charter schools to report full-time
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Trust Funds/Federal Law Enforcement Trust Fund/FGCC. Description: Creates trust fund within FGCC; provides sources & purpose of funds; authorizes unexpended balance to be carried forward.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Property Seized by the Florida Gaming Control Commission. Description: Provides certain property seized by the Florida Gaming Control Commission shall be deposited into Florida Gaming Control Commission Pari-Mutuel Wagering Trust Fund.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Judges. Description: Revises number of circuit court judges & county court judges.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: OGSR/Reporter of Child Abuse, Abandonment, or Neglect. Description: Removes scheduled repeal of exemption from public records requirements for other identifying information with respect to any person reporting child abuse, abandonment, or neglect.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: OGSR/Preregistered Voters. Description: Removes scheduled repeal of exemption from public record requirements for information concerning preregistered voter registration applicants who are minors; authorizes disclosure of confidential information in certain circumstance.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: OGSR/Financial Disclosure. Description: Removes scheduled repeal of exemptions from public record requirements for secure login credentials held by Commission on Ethics & certain information entered into electronic filing system for financial disclosure.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: OGSR/Campus Emergency Response. Description: Removes provision allowing disclosure of certain information in certain campus emergency response to certain entities; & removes scheduled repeal of exemption from public records requirements for certain campus emergency response.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: OGSR/Mental Health Treatment and Services. Description: Removes scheduled repeal of exemption from public records requirements for petitions for voluntary & involuntary admission for mental health treatment, court orders, related records, & personal identifying information regarding persons seeking mental health treatment & services.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Inactive Special Districts. Description: Dissolves special districts that have been declared inactive & repeals their enabling laws; provides exception to general law; dissolves Sunny Isles Reclamation & Water Control Board & repeals judicial order establishing district.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Special Districts. Description: Prohibiting the creation of new neighborhood improvement districts after a date certain; providing term limits for members of governing bodies of independent special districts elected by the qualified electors of the district; providing the method for changing boundaries of an independent special district; requiring special districts to establish performance measures to assess performance; etc.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Exemption of Homesteads. Description: Requires value of homestead exemption be adjusted annually; requiring Legislature appropriate funds for specified purpose; require funds be distributed in specified manner; requires specified counties provide certain documentation.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Mental Health and Substance Abuse. Description: Revises written notice requirements relating to filing petitions for involuntary services; revises requirements relating to voluntary admissions to facility for examination & treatment, ordering person for involuntary services & treatment, petitions for involuntary service, appointment of counsel, & continuances of hearings; revises actions that constitute unlawful activities relating to assessment & treatment & court actions relating to involuntary assessments.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: OGSR/Agency Personnel Information. Description: Removes scheduled repeal of exemption from public records requirements for certain personal identifying & location information of specified agency personnel & spouses & children thereof.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Anti-human Trafficking. Description: Extends future repeal date of direct-support organization for Statewide Council on Human Trafficking; revises hotline number to be included in human trafficking awareness signs; requiring adult entertainment establishments to check identification of entertainers.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Pretrial Detention Hearings. Description: Authorizes court to base an order of pretrial detention solely on hearsay.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Foreign Investments by the State Board of Administration. Description: Prohibits SBA from acquiring certain holdings on behalf of specified entity; requires board to initiate review of direct holdings; requires board to develop divestment plan & divest of certain holdings.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Taxation. Description: Providing that a taxpayer has a right to know certain information regarding property determined not to have been entitled to a homestead exemption; requiring that the owner be given a specified timeframe to pay certain taxes, penalties, and interest prior to a lien being filed; providing that such lien is subject to certain provisions; prohibiting the taxpayer from being assessed certain penalties or interest under certain circumstances; providing that back taxes apply only under certain circumstances, etc.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Sickle Cell Disease. Description: Creates Sickle Cell Disease Research & Treatment Grant Program within DOH; specifies types of projects eligible for grant funding; revises sickle cell disease & sickle cell trait screening requirements; requires screening providers to notify newborn's parent or guardian, rather than newborn's primary care physician, of certain information; authorizes certain persons other than newborns who have been identified having sickle cell disease or carrying sickle cell trait to choose to be included in registry.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Transparency in Health and Human Services. Description: Establishes 3-year statute of limitations for action to collect medical debt for services; provides personal property exemptions from legal process for medical debts; requires licensed facility to post on its website consumer-friendly list of standard charges; requires licensed facility to provide estimate to patient & patient's insurer; requires licensed facility to establish internal grievance process for patients to dispute charges; prohibits collection activities by licensed facility; requires health insurer to provide insured with advanced explanation of benefits for scheduled services; provides shared savings incentive offered by health insurer or HMO constitutes medical expense for rate development & rate filing purposes.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Reading Achievement Initiative for Scholastic Excellence Program. Description: Providing that tutoring provided through the tutoring program established as part of the Reading Achievement Initiative for Scholastic Excellence Program may be provided after the school day; authorizing school districts that participate in the tutoring program to provide a stipend to instructional personnel and high school students who serve as tutors under the program, etc.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Revive Awareness Day. Description: Citing this act as "Victoria's Law"; designating June 6 of each year as "Revive Awareness Day"; authorizing the Governor to issue an annual proclamation; encouraging the Department of Health to hold events to raise awareness of the dangers of opioid overdose and the availability and safe use of opioid antagonists as an effective way to rapidly reverse the effects of opioid overdose, etc.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Florida Statutes. Description: Adopting the Florida Statutes 2024 and designating the portions thereof that are to constitute the official law of the state; providing that general laws enacted during the 2023 regular session and prior thereto and not included in the Florida Statutes are repealed; providing that general laws enacted during the November 6-9, 2023, special session through the 2024 regular session are not repealed by this adoption act, etc.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Florida Statutes. Description: Deleting provisions that have expired, have become obsolete, have had their effect, have served their purpose, or have been impliedly repealed or superseded; removing inconsistencies, redundancies, and unnecessary repetition in the statutes; and improving the clarity of the statutes and facilitating their correct interpretation, etc.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Florida Statutes. Description: Repealing and deleting provisions which have become inoperative by noncurrent repeal or expiration and, pursuant to s. 11.242(5)(b) and (i), F.S., may be omitted from the 2023 Florida Statutes only through a reviser's bill duly enacted by the Legislature, etc.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Florida Statutes. Description: Amending a provision to conform to the directive of the Legislature in section 9 of chapter 2012-116, Laws of Florida, codified as section 11.242(5)(j), Florida Statutes, to prepare a reviser's bill to omit all statutes and laws, or parts thereof, which grant duplicative, redundant, or unused rulemaking authority, etc.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Florida Statutes. Description: Amending provisions to conform to section 39 of chapter 2023-39, Laws of Florida, which directs the Division of Law Revision to prepare a reviser's bill for the 2024 Regular Session of the Legislature to replace the term "professional development," where it occurs within chapters 1000 through 1013 of the Florida Statutes, with the term "professional learning", etc.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Florida Statutes. Description: Amending provisions to conform to section 147 of chapter 2023-173, Laws of Florida, which directs the Division of Law Revision to prepare a reviser's bill for the 2024 Regular Session of the Legislature to replace references to the terms "Department of Economic Opportunity" and "Secretary of Economic Opportunity," wherever they occur in the Florida Statutes, with the terms "Department of Commerce" and "Secretary of Commerce," respectively, etc.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Hope Cards for Persons Issued Orders of Protection. Description: Requiring the clerks of the circuit court, in consultation with the Office of the Attorney General, to develop and implement the Hope Card Program; requiring clerks' offices to create a Hope Card and provide such card to petitioners within a specified time frame; providing criminal penalties for the fraudulent use of a Hope Card, etc.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Yacht and Ship Brokers' Act. Description: Revising the definition of the term "yacht"; exempting a person who conducts business as a broker or salesperson in another state from licensure in this state for specified transactions; requiring, rather than authorizing, the Division of Florida Condominiums, Timeshares, and Mobile Homes of the Department of Business and Professional Regulation to deny licenses based on certain criteria, etc
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Value of Motor Vehicles Exempt from Legal Process. Description: Increasing the value of a motor vehicle owned by a natural person which is exempt from legal process, etc.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Congenital Cytomegalovirus Screenings. Description: Requiring certain hospitals to administer congenital cytomegalovirus screenings on newborns admitted to the hospital under specified circumstances; providing coverage under the Medicaid program for the screenings and any medically necessary follow-up reevaluations; requiring that newborns diagnosed with congenital cytomegalovirus be referred to a primary care physician for medical management, treatment, and follow-up services, etc.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Impeding, Threatening, or Harassing First Responders. Description: Prohibiting a person, after receiving a warning not to approach from a first responder who is engaged in the lawful performance of a legal duty, from violating such warning and approaching or remaining within a specified distance of the first responder with specified intent, etc.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Progressive Supranuclear Palsy and Other Neurodegenerative Diseases Policy Committee. Description: Citing this act as the "Justo R. Cortes Progressive Supranuclear Palsy Act"; requiring the State Surgeon General to establish a progressive supranuclear palsy and other neurodegenerative diseases policy committee; requiring the Department of Health to provide staff and administrative support to the committee; providing for duties, membership, and meetings of the committee; requiring the State Surgeon General to submit a progress report and a final report by a specified date to the Governor and the Legislature, etc.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Citizen Volunteer Advisory Committees. Description: Authorizing specified regional citizen volunteer advisory committees to conduct public meetings and workshops by means of communications media technology; requiring that such technology allow all persons to audibly communicate; providing notice requirements for public meetings or workshops conducted by means of communications media technology, etc.
In 2024, Florida engrossed a bill titled: Refusal to Submit to a Breath, Urine, or Blood Test. Description: Requiring that a person arrested for driving or being in actual physical control of a motor vehicle while under the influence who refuses to submit to a lawful test of his or her breath incidental to a lawful arrest be told that he or she is subject, for a first refusal, to the suspension of the privilege to operate a motor vehicle unless the person agrees to the placement for a specified timeframe, at the person's own expense, of an ignition interlock device on all vehicles that are individually or jointly leased or owned and routinely operated by the person for 1 continuous year; specifying application of prohibitions and penalties; prohibiting eligibility to receive a license until certain actions are performed, etc.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Review of Advisory Bodies. Description: Requiring certain executive agencies to annually upload a report to a specified website maintained by the Executive Office of the Governor by a specified date; providing requirements for such report; providing that specified provisions are subject to repeal, unless reviewed and saved from repeal by the Legislature within a specified timeframe, etc.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Household Moving Services. Description: Revising requirements for mover and moving broker estimates, contracts, and advertisements; prohibiting certain persons from operating as or holding themselves out to be a mover or moving broker without first registering with the department; revising alternative insurance coverage requirements for movers; requiring moving brokers to make a specified disclosure to shippers before providing any services, etc.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Public Records and Meetings. Description: Providing an exemption from public records requirements for certain information held by the Department of Health, the Board of Medicine, the Board of Osteopathic Medicine, the Board of Speech-Language Pathology and Audiology, and the Board of Physical Therapy Practice pursuant to the Interstate Medical Licensure Compact, the Audiology and Speech-Language Pathology Interstate Compact, and the Physical Therapy Licensure Compact, as applicable; authorizing disclosure of the information under certain circumstances; providing an exemption from public meetings requirements for certain meetings, or portions of meetings, of the Interstate Medical Licensure Compact Commission, the Audiology and Speech-Language Pathology Interstate Compact Commission, and the Physical Therapy Compact Commission; providing for future legislative review and repeal of the exemptions; providing statements of public necessity, etc.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Affordable Housing. Description: Prohibiting counties and municipalities, respectively, from restricting the floor area ratio of certain proposed developments under certain circumstances; authorizing counties and municipalities, respectively, to restrict the height of proposed developments under certain circumstances; requiring counties and municipalities, respectively, to maintain a certain policy on their websites; revising conditions for when multifamily projects are considered property used for a charitable purpose and are eligible to receive an ad valorem property tax exemption, etc.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Behavioral Health Teaching Hospitals. Description: Creating part VI of ch. 395, F.S., entitled "Behavioral Health Teaching Hospitals"; authorizing hospitals to apply for a behavioral health teaching hospital designation beginning on a specified date; authorizing the agency to designate additional behavioral health teaching hospitals that meet the designation criteria; establishing a grant program within the agency for the purpose of funding designated behavioral health teaching hospitals; establishing the Florida Center for Behavioral Health Workforce within the Louis de la Parte Florida Mental Health Institute for a specified purpose, etc.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Medical Treatment Under the Workers' Compensation Law. Description: Increasing limits on witness fees charged by certain witnesses; increasing maximum reimbursement allowances for physicians and surgical procedures, etc.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Public Service Commission Rules. Description: Revising the expiration date and scope of an exemption from certain provisions relating to statements of estimated regulatory costs for certain rules adopted by the Public Service Commission, etc.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Civil Penalties Under the Gas Safety Law of 1967. Description: Increasing, until a specified date, the civil penalty amount for violating the Gas Safety Law of 1967; increasing the maximum authorized civil penalty for any related series of violations during such timeframe; requiring the Florida Public Service Commission, after a date certain and at least annually thereafter, to establish and, if necessary, revise maximum penalties by rule based on specified factors, etc.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Continuing Education Requirements. Description: Requiring, rather than authorizing, a board, or the Department of Business and Professional Regulation when there is no board, to allow by rule that distance learning may be used to satisfy continuing education requirements; revising the requirements that such continuing education must satisfy; requiring a board, or the department when there is no board, to exempt certain individuals from completing their continuing education requirements, etc.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Public Records/Suicide Victims. Description: Defining the term "suicide of a person"; creating an exemption from public records requirements for a photograph or video or audio recording of the suicide of a person; providing exceptions; requiring that any viewing, copying, listening to, or other handling of such photograph or video or audio recording be under the direct supervision of the custodian of the record or his or her designee; creating an exemption from public records requirements for autopsy reports of suicide victims; providing for future legislative review and repeal of the exemption; providing a statement of public necessity, etc.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Designation of Eligible Telecommunications Carriers. Description: Revising the definition of the term "eligible telecommunications carrier"; authorizing the Public Service Commission to designate certain entities as eligible telecommunications carriers for a specified purpose, etc.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Tallahassee Community College. Description: Renaming the college as "Tallahassee State College", etc.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Securities. Description: Revising the list of securities that are exempt from registration requirements under certain provisions; revising provisions relating to a certain registration exemption for certain securities transactions; updating the federal laws or regulations with which the offer or sale of securities must be in compliance; requiring that offers and sales of securities be in accordance with certain federal laws and rules; providing that registration exemptions under certain provisions are not available to issuers for certain transactions under specified circumstances; specifying criteria for determining integration of offerings for the purpose of registration or qualifying for a registration exemption; specifying the purpose of the Securities Guaranty Fund, etc.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Swimming Lesson Voucher Program. Description: Creating the program within the Department of Health for a specified purpose; requiring the department to establish a network of swimming lesson vendors to participate in the program; requiring the department or a contracted nonprofit organization to attempt to secure a vendor in each county; specifying eligibility criteria for the program, etc.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Public Records/Military Personnel and their Spouses and Dependents. Description: Providing an exemption from public records requirements for identification and location information of certain current and former military personnel and their spouses and dependents; providing for retroactive application of the exemption; providing for future legislative review and repeal of the exemption; providing a statement of public necessity, etc.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Protection of Specified Adults. Description: Authorizing financial institutions, under certain circumstances, to delay a disbursement or transaction from an account of a specified adult; specifying that a delay on a disbursement or transaction expires on a certain date; authorizing the financial institution to extend the delay under certain circumstances; authorizing a court of competent jurisdiction to shorten or extend the delay, etc.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Young Adult Aftercare Services. Description: Revising eligibility requirements for aftercare services for certain young adults; authorizing the Department of Children and Families to distribute federal funds to eligible young adults in certain circumstances, etc.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Historical Preservation Programs. Description: Requiring the Department of State to partner with the Florida African American Heritage Preservation Network for a specified purpose; specifying preservation efforts that may be undertaken through the partnership; requiring the network to submit a list of member museums to the department, etc.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Rural Emergency Hospitals. Description: Subjecting rural emergency hospitals to certain requirements for the provision of emergency services and care; defining the terms "rural emergency hospital" and "rural emergency services"; authorizing qualifying hospitals to apply to the Agency for Health Care Administration for designation as a rural emergency hospital, etc.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: United States-produced Iron and Steel in Public Works Projects. Description: Requiring governmental entities to include a requirement in certain contracts that certain iron or steel products be produced in the United States; authorizing the minimal use of foreign steel and iron materials in certain circumstances; exempting specified products from the requirement, etc.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Food Delivery Platforms. Description: Prohibiting food delivery platforms from taking or arranging for the delivery or pickup of orders from a food service establishment without the food service establishment's consent; requiring food delivery platforms to provide food service establishments with a method of contacting and responding to consumers by a specified date; providing circumstances under which a food delivery platform must remove a food service establishment's listing on its platform; preempting regulation of food delivery platforms to the state, etc.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Forensic Investigative Genetic Genealogy Grant Program. Description: Defining the term "investigative genetic genealogy"; requiring that certain methods be in accordance with Department of Law Enforcement rules and compatible with certain databases; specifying the intent for certain funding; creating the Forensic Investigative Genetic Genealogy Grant Program within the Department of Law Enforcement, etc.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Public Records/Florida Gaming Control Commission. Description: Providing an exemption from public records requirements for the personal identifying and location information of current or former commissioners of the Florida Gaming Control Commission and the spouses and children of such current or former commissioners; providing for retroactive application; providing for future legislative review and repeal of the exemption; providing a statement of public necessity, etc.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Attorney Fees and Costs. Description: Defining the term "property rights"; requiring courts to award reasonable attorney fees and costs to a prevailing defendant in certain civil actions under specified circumstances, etc.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Exposures of First Responders to Fentanyl and Fentanyl Analogs. Description: Providing criminal penalties for adults who, in the course of unlawfully possessing specified controlled substances, recklessly expose a first responder to such substances and an overdose or serious bodily injury of the first responder results; prohibiting the arrest, charging, prosecution, or penalizing under specified provisions of law of a person acting in good faith who seeks medical assistance for an individual experiencing, or believed to be experiencing, an alcohol-related or a drug-related overdose, etc.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Services Provided by the Department of Highway Safety and Motor Vehicles or Its Agents. Description: Providing that a certain affidavit establishes a presumption of ownership and right of possession to a motor vehicle or mobile home when the previous owner of the motor vehicle or mobile home died testate; prohibiting the department or a tax collector from charging a fee for reissuance of certain certificates of title; authorizing certain disabled veterans to be issued a military license plate or specialty license plate in lieu of a "DV" license plate; authorizing the department to design, issue, and regulate the use of temporary tags when the existing owner of a vehicle has submitted an application to transfer a valid out-of-state title that is subject to a lien, etc.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Military Leave. Description: Providing that public officials and employees of the state, a county, a municipality, or a political subdivision, respectively, are entitled to their full pay for the first 30 days of military service, if such service is equal to or greater than a specified timeframe, etc.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Tracking Devices and Applications. Description: Prohibiting the placement or use of a tracking device or tracking application to determine the location or movement of another person or another person's property without that person's consent; revising exceptions; providing criminal penalties, etc.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Retention of Sexual Offense Evidence. Description: Requiring that specified sexual offense evidence be retained by specified entities for a minimum number of years after the collection date; requiring that such evidence be stored anonymously in a secure, environmentally safe manner, and with a documented chain of custody; providing requirements for the transferring, storing, and destruction of such sexual offense evidence, etc.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Improvements to Real Property. Description: Authorizing a program administrator to offer a program for financing qualifying improvements for residential property when authorized by a county or municipality; authorizing a program administrator to levy non-ad valorem assessments for a certain purpose; providing for compensation for tax collectors for actual costs incurred to collect non-ad valorem assessments; requiring certain financing agreement and contract provisions for change orders under certain circumstances; requiring a county or municipality to establish or approve a process for the registration of a qualifying improvement contractor to install qualifying improvements, etc.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Gaming Licenses and Permits. Description: Authorizing the Florida Gaming Control Commission to deny an application for licensure of, or suspend or revoke the license of, any person who falsely swears under oath or affirmation to certain material statements on his or her application for a license; providing that such persons are subject to other applicable penalties; requiring applicants for licenses and licensees to notify the commission of certain contact information and of any change in such contact information and providing penalties for failure to comply; revising the timeframe during which a permitholder is required to annually file an application for an operating license for a pari-mutuel facility during the next state fiscal year; authorizing a licensed horse track to receive broadcasts of horseraces conducted at horse racetracks outside this state if certain conditions are met, etc.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Treatment by a Medical Specialist. Description: Authorizing firefighters, law enforcement officers, correctional officers, and correctional probation officers to receive medical treatment by a medical specialist for certain conditions under certain circumstances; requiring firefighters, law enforcement officers, correctional officers, and correctional probation officers to notify certain entities of their selection of a medical specialist, etc.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Expedited Approval of Residential Building Permits. Description: Requiring certain governing bodies, by a date certain, to each create a program to expedite the process for issuing residential building permits before a final plat is recorded; requiring a governing body to create certain processes for purposes of the program; authorizing a governing body to issue addresses and temporary parcel identification numbers for specified purposes; prohibiting a governing body from making substantive changes to a preliminary plat without written consent, etc.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Employment of Individuals with Disabilities. Description: Requiring the collection and sharing of data between multiple agencies for the interagency cooperative agreement under the Employment First Act; requiring the Office of Reimagining Education and Career Help to issue an annual statewide report by a specified date each year, etc.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Dental Insurance Claims. Description: Prohibiting a contract between a health insurer and a dentist from containing certain restrictions on payment methods; prohibiting a health insurer from charging a fee to transmit a payment to a dentist through Automated Clearing House (ACH) transfer unless the dentist has consented to such fee; prohibiting a health insurer from denying claims for procedures included in a prior authorization; prohibiting a contract between a prepaid limited health service organization and a dentist from containing certain restrictions on payment methods, etc.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Motor Vehicle Retail Financial Agreements. Description: Revising the definition of the term "guaranteed asset protection product"; requiring entities to refund the portions of the purchase price of the contract for a guaranteed asset protection product under certain circumstances; creating the "Florida Vehicle Value Protection Agreements Act"; authorizing the offer, sale, or gift of vehicle value protection agreements in compliance with a certain act, etc.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Dentistry. Description: Deleting the role of the Board of Dentistry in the administration of the licensure examination for dentists; deleting the requirement for the board to establish an examination fee; revising requirements for licensure as a dentist; deleting a time limitation on the validity of certain licensure examination results; deleting a board-imposed reexamination fee, etc.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Local Government Employees. Description: Revising the base salary used to calculate the compensation of county tax collectors; defining the term "tax collector employee"; providing that tax collector employees are eligible to receive specified monetary benefits from the state for adopting children within the child welfare system; revising the base salary used to calculate the compensation of district school superintendents, etc.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Spaceport Territory. Description: Revising the definition of "spaceport discretionary capacity improvement projects"; revising spaceport territory to include certain property; authorizing the Department of Transportation to fund spaceport discretionary capacity improvement projects if important access and on-spaceport-territory space transportation capacity improvements are provided, etc.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Judgment Liens. Description: Authorizing a judgment lien to be acquired on specified personal property and in all payment intangibles and accounts of a judgment debtor whose location is in this state; specifying that the rights of certain judgment creditors to proceed against a judgment debtor's property are subject to certain provisions; prohibiting security interests and liens on payment intangibles or accounts and the proceeds thereof from taking priority over payment intangibles or accounts by a judgment lien certificate filed before a specified date, etc.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Public Records/My Safe Florida Home Program. Description: Providing an exemption from public records requirements for certain information contained in applications and home inspection reports submitted by applicants to the Department of Financial Services as a part of the My Safe Florida Home Program; providing for future legislative review and repeal of the exemption; providing a statement of public necessity, etc.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Student Transportation Safety. Description: Revising requirements for signage posted on the rear of a school bus indicating the use of a school bus infraction detection system; requiring a law enforcement agency to send a notice of violation to the registered owner involved in a violation within a specified timeframe after receiving certain information; prohibiting the use of school bus infraction detection systems for remote surveillance; requiring that certain civil penalties be remitted to a participating school district operating a school bus with a school bus infraction detection system to be used for certain purposes, etc.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Sale of Liquefied Petroleum Gas. Description: Requiring certain remote bulk storage locations to comply with specified requirements; providing a condition under which the Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services may deny, refuse to renew, suspend, or revoke a qualifier or master qualifier registration; authorizing the department to condemn unsafe equipment and issue certain orders requiring the immediate removal of liquefied petroleum gas from certain storage; requiring persons servicing, testing, repairing, maintaining, or installing liquefied petroleum gas equipment and systems to include specified information on all work orders, invoices, and similar documents, etc.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Reclassification of Criminal Penalties. Description: Requiring reclassification of the penalty for the commission of a felony committed by a person who has a previous specified conviction; defining the term "transnational crime organization"; authorizing reclassification of the penalty for any misdemeanor or felony offense if the commission of such offense was for specified purposes, etc.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services. Description: Preempting the regulation of electric vehicle charging stations to the state; prohibiting local governmental entities from enacting or enforcing such regulations; providing that a pest control operator's certificate, a special identification card, and certain limited certifications for pesticide applicators, respectively, expire a specified length of time after issuance; authorizing the department to take disciplinary action against a person who swears to or affirms a false statement on certain applications, cheats on a required examination, or violates certain procedures under certain circumstances; authorizing Class "G" licensees to qualify for multiple calibers of firearms in one requalification class under certain circumstances; prohibiting the manufacture for sale, sale, holding or offering for sale, or distribution of cultivated meat in this state, etc.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Unauthorized Sale of Alcoholic Beverages. Description: Revising the punishment for the unlawful sale of alcoholic beverages; revising the activities that may be declared a public nuisance under local administrative actions to abate certain activities to include persons who commit the unlicensed or unlawful sale of alcoholic beverages more than a specified number of times within a specified period, etc.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Campaign Finance. Description: Repealing provisions relating to the Florida Election Campaign Financing Act; deleting provisions governing the public funding of campaigns for candidates for statewide office who agree to certain expenditure limits, etc.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Regulation of Water Resources. Description: Revising the qualification requirements a person must meet in order to take the water well contractor license examination; authorizing certain authorities who have been delegated enforcement powers by water management districts to apply disciplinary guidelines adopted by the districts; prohibiting a person or business entity from advertising water well drilling or construction services in specified circumstances; providing that the Department of Environmental Protection's variance review and advisory committee is not responsible for reviewing water well permitting, etc.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Occupational Licensing. Description: Extending the date on which certain local government occupational licensing requirements expire; extending the date by which the Construction Industry Licensing Board within the Department of Business and Professional Regulation is required to establish by rule specified certified specialty contractor categories for voluntary licensure; requiring the board to issue registrations to eligible persons under certain circumstances; providing that the board is responsible for disciplining such licensees, etc.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Corporate Actions. Description: Providing that a defective corporate action is not void or voidable in certain circumstances; requiring the board of directors to take certain action to ratify a defective corporate action; providing quorum and voting requirements for the ratification of certain defective corporate actions; requiring that notice be given to shareholders of certain corporate action taken by the board of directors; providing that notice is not required for holders of certain shares whose identities or addresses for notice cannot be determined, etc.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Protection of Children and Victims of Crime. Description: Requiring the Statewide Guardian ad Litem Office and circuit guardian ad litem offices to participate in the development of a certain state plan; requiring the court to appoint a guardian ad litem for a child at the earliest possible time; requiring parents to consent to provide certain information to the guardian ad litem and attorney ad litem; requiring a court to appoint a guardian ad litem to represent a child in certain proceedings, etc.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: History of Communism. Description: Requiring instruction in public schools on the history of communism; creating the Institute for Freedom in the Americas at Miami Dade College; renaming the Adam Smith Center for the Study of Economic Freedom as the Adam Smith Center for Economic Freedom; requiring the Department of State, in collaboration with the Department of Education, to consult with stakeholders to provide a recommendation to the Legislature by a specified date for the creation of a museum of the history of communism, etc.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Return of Weapons and Arms Following an Arrest. Description: Requiring that weapons, electric weapons or devices, or arms taken from a person pursuant to an arrest that are not either seized as evidence or seized and subject to forfeiture be returned to the person within a certain timeframe if specified conditions are met; authorizing a sheriff or chief of police to develop procedures to ensure the timely return of such weapons, electric weapons or devices, or arms; deleting a requirement for an order of a trial court judge to return a pistol or firearm taken by an officer for a breach of the peace, etc.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Salvage. Description: Revising provisions relating to obtaining a salvage certificate of title or certificate of destruction; exempting the Department of Highway Safety and Motor Vehicles from liability to certain persons as a result of the issuance of such certificates; providing requirements for an independent entity's release of a damaged or dismantled vessel to the owner; authorizing the independent entity to apply for certain certificates for an unclaimed vessel, etc.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Transportation Services for Persons with Disabilities and the Transportation Disadvantaged. Description: Revising duties of the Department of Transportation, within specified resources, with respect to required provisions of grants and agreements with entities providing paratransit services; defining the term "transportation service provider"; providing requirements for paratransit service contracts entered into on or after October 1, 2024; requiring the commission to establish model procedures for transportation service providers to receive and investigate reports related to adverse incidents, etc.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Department of Commerce. Description: Providing that amendments are deemed withdrawn if the local government fails to transmit the comprehensive plan amendments to the department, in its role as the state land planning agency, within a certain timeframe; revising the maximum length of a loan term under the Local Government Emergency Revolving Bridge Loan Program; requiring the department to establish a direct-support organization; specifying that the organization is a direct-support organization of the department and a corporation not for profit; authorizing the organization to take certain actions regarding administration of property and expenditures, etc.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Counties Designated as Areas of Critical State Concern. Description: Adding certain requirements to local comprehensive plans relating to a hurricane evacuation study; revising the powers of the land authority; excluding land designated as an area of critical state concern within a specified timeframe from award requirements made to specified sponsors or persons for the purpose of providing eligible housing as a part of a local housing assistance plan; requiring that the expenditure of certain funds be subject to approval by a majority vote of the board of county commissioners of an eligible county, etc.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Controlled Substances. Description: Adding tianeptine to the list of Schedule I controlled substances, etc.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Local Regulation of Nonconforming and Unsafe Structures. Description: Designating the "Resiliency and Safe Structures Act"; prohibiting local governments from prohibiting, restricting, or preventing the demolition of certain structures and buildings unless necessary for public safety; prohibiting local governments from imposing additional local land development regulations or public hearings on permit applicants; requiring a local government to authorize replacement structures to be developed in accordance with certain regulations, etc.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Mitigation. Description: Defining the term "applicant"; revising the entities to whom and purposes for which water quality enhancement credits may be sold; requiring the Department of Environmental Protection or water management districts to authorize the sale and use of such credits to applicants, rather than to governmental entities, to address adverse water quality impacts of certain activities; authorizing local governments with land in credit-deficient basins to consider bids from private-sector applicants to establish mitigation banks on such lands, etc.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Department of Health. Description: Exempting environmental health technicians from certain certification requirements under certain circumstances; creating the Andrew John Anderson Pediatric Rare Disease Grant Program within the department for a specified purpose; providing that any health care practitioner present at a birth or responsible for primary care during the neonatal period has the primary responsibility of administering certain screenings; revising hearing loss screening requirements to include infants and toddlers; requiring the department to grant certain applicants 90 days to cure deficiencies with their medical marijuana treatment center license applications pursuant to a specified errors and omissions process, etc.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Interstate Mobility. Description: Providing requirements for the applicable board, or the Department of Business and Professional Regulation if there is no board, relating to licensure by reciprocity and by endorsement; requiring the respective boards of occupations, or the Department of Business and Professional Regulation if there is no board, to allow licensure by endorsement if applicant meets certain criteria; requiring the department, and authorizing the board, as applicable, to review the results of the criminal history checks according to specified criteria to determine if the applicants meet the requirements for licensure; designating the "Mobile Opportunity by Interstate Licensure Endorsement Act" or the "MOBILE Act", etc.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Electronic Access to Official Records. Description: Requiring the county recorder or clerk of the court to make certain information publicly available through a searchable database on the county recorder's or clerk of the court's official website; authorizing such requirement to be satisfied by providing a stand-alone link to the official records index, etc.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Local Government Actions. Description: Requiring that certain bond referenda called by a county, district, or municipality be held at a general election; revising applicability provisions for the enactment or adoption of county and municipal ordinances, respectively, etc.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Funding for Environmental Resource Management. Description: Requiring the Department of Revenue to deposit into the Indian Gaming Revenue Trust Fund within the Department of Financial Services a specified percentage of the revenue share payments received under the gaming compact between the Seminole Tribe of Florida and the State of Florida; creating the Local Trail Management Grant Program within the Department of Environmental Protection for a specified purpose; authorizing the Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission to enter into voluntary agreements with private landowners for environmental services within the Florida wildlife corridor, etc.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Advanced Technology. Description: Creating the Government Technology Modernization Council within the Department of Management Services for a specified purpose; prohibiting a person from knowingly possessing or controlling or intentionally viewing photographs, motion pictures, representations, images, data files, computer depictions, or other presentations which the person knows to include generated child pornography; prohibiting a person from intentionally creating generated child pornography, etc.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Career-themed Courses. Description: Revising the requirements for a specified school district strategic plan to include certain information; requiring the Department of Education to include specified data in an annual review of K-12 and postsecondary career and technical education offerings, etc.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Sheriffs in Consolidated Governments. Description: Authorizing sheriffs in a consolidated government, as well as all other sheriffs, to transfer funds after their budgets are approved by the board of county commissioners, city council, or budget commission, etc.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Marine Encroachment on Military Operations. Description: Requiring local governments to cooperate with certain major military installations and ranges to encourage compatible land use in associated areas, etc.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Public Employees. Description: Revising a prohibition on dues to certain mass transit employees; providing that specified employee organizations have the right to have its dues and uniform assessments deducted and collected by the employer from the salaries of those employees who authorized such deduction and collection; revising the application employee organizations must submit to register as certified bargaining agents; providing transitional provisions regarding the renewal of registration of employee organizations during a specified timeframe, etc.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Individuals with Disabilities. Description: Revising provisions related to programs and services provided by the Agency for Persons with Disabilities; requiring the agency, within available resources, to offer voluntary participation care navigation services to clients and their caregivers at specified times; requiring the agency to develop and implement an online application process; revising which types of clients are eligible for an individual support plan; clarifying the timeframe within which a family or individual support plan must be developed, etc.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Car Racing Penalties. Description: Increasing the maximum fine for violations of the prohibitions against drag racing, street takeovers, stunt driving, competitions, contests, tests, or exhibitions; revising applicability of the penalty for second violations of prohibitions against drag racing, street takeovers, stunt driving, competitions, contests, tests, or exhibitions; increasing the criminal penalties and fines for any such violations; providing penalties for knowingly impeding, obstructing, or interfering with an authorized emergency vehicle that is on call and responding to an emergency while a person is participating in a drag race, street takeover, stunt driving, competition, contest, test, or exhibition, etc.
In 2024, Florida engrossed a bill titled: Appropriations. Description: Providing moneys for the annual period beginning July 1, 2024, and ending June 30, 2025, and supplemental appropriations for the period ending June 30, 2024, to pay salaries, and other expenses, capital outlay - buildings, and other improvements, and for other specified purposes of the various agencies of state government, etc.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Health and Human Services. Description: Providing for the deposit and use of funds from the Dental Student Loan Repayment Program and the Florida Reimbursement Assistance for Medical Education Program, respectively, which are returned by a financial institution to the Department of Health; revising the cap on the grant award levels for continuum of care lead agencies designated by the State Office on Homelessness; authorizing area agencies on aging to carry forward a specified percentage of documented unexpended state funds, subject to certain conditions, etc.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Deregulation of Public Schools. Description: Requiring a district school board to advertise its intent to adopt a tentative budget on a publicly available website if the district school board does not advertise such intent in a newspaper of general circulation; revising the general powers of district school superintendents to include establishing a process for the review and approval of certain policies and procedures through the delegated authority of district school boards; authorizing district school boards to adopt a policy relating to parental notification methods; revising the amount of funds school districts may expend from specified revenue and for certain purposes; authorizing district school boards to use advanced degrees in setting salary schedules for specified personnel, etc.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Education. Description: Deleting a requirement that the State Board of Education establish the cost of certain tuition and fees; repealing a provision relating to single-gender programs; deleting a requirement that school districts provide certain virtual instruction options to students; deleting a requirement regarding assessment procedures for Department of Juvenile Justice education programs; providing requirements for students in the Voluntary Prekindergarten Education Program who exhibit a substantial deficiency in early literacy skills and early mathematics skills, etc.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: OGSR/Utility Owned or Operated by a Unit of Local Government. Description: Amending a provision which provides exemptions from public record requirements for information related to the security of certain technology, processes, practices, information technology systems, industrial control technology systems, and customer meter-derived data and billing information held by a utility owned or operated by a unit of local government; extending the date of scheduled repeal of public record exemptions relating to the security of certain technology, processes, practices, information technology systems, and industrial control technology systems; amending a provision which provides an exemption from public meeting requirements for meetings held by a utility owned or operated by a unit of local government which would reveal certain information; extending the date of scheduled repeal of the exemption, etc.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: OGSR/Department of the Lottery. Description: Amending a provision relating to an exemption from public records requirements for certain information held by the Department of the Lottery, information about lottery games, personal identifying information of retailers and vendors for purposes of background checks, and certain financial information held by the department; providing for future legislative review and repeal of an exemption from public records requirements for information relating to the security of certain technologies, processes, and practices; removing the scheduled repeal of an exemption, etc.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Ethics. Description: Increasing the maximum fine for violations of specified lobbying provisions; authorizing attorneys who file full and public disclosures of their financial interests to indicate that a client meets disclosure criteria without providing further information relating to such client; prohibiting a member of the Commission on Ethics from serving more than two full terms, instead of two full terms in succession; providing that a complainant is liable for costs plus reasonable attorney fees for filing a complaint with malicious intent against a candidate for public office; requiring that allegations in written complaints submitted to the commission be based upon personal knowledge or information other than hearsay, etc.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Health Care. Description: Revising the purpose of the Dental Student Loan Repayment Program; requiring the Department of Health to implement the Dr. and Mrs. Alfonse and Kathleen Cinotti Health Care Screening and Services Grant Program for a specified purpose; providing requirements for birth centers designated as advanced birth centers with respect to operating procedures, staffing, and equipment; requiring advanced birth centers to enter into a written agreement with a blood bank for emergency blood bank services; authorizing certain psychiatric nurses to order emergency treatment of certain patients; creating the Training, Education, and Clinicals in Health (TEACH) Funding Program for a specified purpose; enacting the Interstate Medical Licensure Compact in this state, etc.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Health Care Innovation. Description: Creating the Health Care Innovation Council within the Department of Health for a specified purpose; requiring the council to submit annual reports to the Governor and the Legislature; requiring the department to administer a revolving loan program for applicants seeking to implement certain health care innovations in this state; authorizing the department to contract with a third party to administer the program, including loan servicing, and manage the revolving loan fund, etc.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Delivery of Notices. Description: Revising the definition of the term "registered mail" for purposes of construction of the Florida Statutes, etc.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Public Records/Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services. Description: Providing an exemption from public records requirements for certain information held by the Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services; providing for future legislative review and repeal of the exemption; providing a statement of public necessity, etc.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: My Safe Florida Home Program. Description: Specifying eligibility requirements for hurricane mitigation inspections under the program; authorizing applicants who meet specified requirements to receive a home inspection under the program without being eligible for, or applying for, a grant; specifying eligibility requirements for hurricane mitigation grants; revising improvements that grants for eligible homes may be used for, etc.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Education. Description: Establishing the Graduation Alternative to Traditional Education (GATE) Program within the Department of Education; revising the services to which the one-stop delivery system is intended to provide access; requiring a student's certified school counselor or other school personnel to inform the student of opportunities in the GATE Program; requiring district school boards to notify all candidates for the high school equivalency diploma of adult secondary and postsecondary education options, including specified eligibility requirements; creating the GATE Scholarship Program; requiring the department to administer the program, etc.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Ratification of the Department of Environmental Protection's Rules Relating to Stormwater. Description: Ratifying a specified rule relating to environmental resource permitting for the sole and exclusive purpose of satisfying any condition on effectiveness pursuant to s. 120.541(3), F.S., which requires ratification of any rule exceeding the specified thresholds for likely adverse impact or increase in regulatory costs; ratifying rule 62-330.010, Florida Administrative Code, with specified changes; requiring that specified future amendments to such rule be submitted in bill form to, and approved by, the Legislature, etc.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Private Activity Bonds. Description: Requiring the Division of Bond Finance of the State Board of Administration to annually determine the state volume limitation and publicize such information; repealing provisions relating to procedures for obtaining allocations, requirements, limitations on allocations, and issuance reports; establishing procedures for the issuance of private activity bonds; providing requirements for notices of intent to issue private activity bonds, etc.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Cancer Funding. Description: Revising the purpose of the Casey DeSantis Cancer Research Program; revising duties of the Department of Health under the program; creating the Cancer Connect Collaborative, a council, within the department for a specified purpose; requiring the collaborative to advise the department on the awarding of grants issued through the Cancer Innovation Fund; requiring the collaborative to review grant applications and make recommendations to the department for awarding grants upon the appropriation of funds to the fund, etc.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Public Records and Meetings/Cancer Research Grant Applications. Description: Providing an exemption from public records requirements for proprietary business information included in cancer research grant applications submitted to the Cancer Connect Collaborative and records generated by the collaborative relating to the review of such information; providing an exemption from public meeting requirements for portions of collaborative meetings during which such proprietary business information is discussed; providing for legislative review and repeal of the exemptions; providing statements of public necessity, etc.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Trust Funds/Indian Gaming Revenue Clearing Trust Fund/Department of Financial Services. Description: Creating the Indian Gaming Revenue Clearing Trust Fund within the Department of Financial Services; providing that the trust fund is exempt from a certain service charge; exempting the trust fund from certain termination provisions, etc.
In 2024, Florida passed a bill titled: Tallahassee-Leon County Bicentennial. Description: Recognizes Tallahassee-Leon County Bicentennial & envisions powerful next chapter of Florida's Capital community.
