Below are the bills that have been engrossed, enrolled, or passed in the state of Georgia:
In 2025, Georgia passed a bill titled: City of Cartersville; 175th anniversary; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the City of Cartersville upon its 175th anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2025, Georgia passed a bill titled: Brown, Captain Matthew T.; retirement; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Captain Matthew T. Brown upon his retirement; and for other purposes.
In 2025, Georgia passed a bill titled: Addiction Recovery Awareness Day; January 21, 2025; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing January 21, 2025, as Addiction Recovery Awareness Day; and for other purposes.
In 2025, Georgia passed a bill titled: Freeman, Sheriff Ron; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and congratulating Sheriff Ron Freeman; and for other purposes.
In 2025, Georgia passed a bill titled: Peed, Honorable F. Gates; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Honorable F. Gates Peed; and for other purposes.
In 2025, Georgia passed a bill titled: Atlanta Football Host Committee; hosting the 2025 College Football Playoff National Championship; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Atlanta Football Host Committee for hosting the 2025 College Football Playoff National Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2025, Georgia passed a bill titled: Delta Sigma Theta Sorority Inc.; 112 years of service; Delta Sigma Theta Sorority Inc. Founders Day; 01/13/25; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Delta Sigma Theta Sorority Inc. for its 112 years of service and recognizing January 13, 2025, as Delta Sigma Theta Sorority Inc. Founders Day; and for other purposes.
In 2025, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lunar New Year Celebration; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the Lunar New Year Celebration; and for other purposes.
In 2025, Georgia passed a bill titled: Corporate Volunteer Council of Atlanta; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Corporate Volunteer Council of Atlanta; and for other purposes
In 2025, Georgia passed a bill titled: Burnough, Representative Rhonda; 50th Anniversary as a member of Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, Incorporated; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring and celebrating Representative Rhonda Burnough on her 50th Anniversary as a member of Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, Incorporated; and for other purposes.
In 2025, Georgia passed a bill titled: Tamil Thai Pongal Day; January 14, 2025; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing January 14, 2025, as Tamil Thai Pongal Day; and for other purposes.
In 2025, Georgia passed a bill titled: Edwards, William; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and honoring William Edwards; and for other purposes.
In 2025, Georgia passed a bill titled: Veterans who were victims of Agent Orange during the Vietnam War; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring and recognizing the veterans who were victims of Agent Orange during the Vietnam War.
In 2025, Georgia passed a bill titled: Moorer, Ramielle; Clayton County Public Schools' 2024-2025 Teacher of the Year; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Ramielle Moorer, Clayton County Public Schools' 2024-2025 Teacher of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2025, Georgia passed a bill titled: House of Representatives convened; notify Senate. Description: A RESOLUTION to notify the Senate that the House of Representatives has convened; and for other purposes.
In 2025, Georgia passed a bill titled: House of Representatives; relative to officials, employees, and committees. Description: A RESOLUTION relative to officials, employees, and committees in the House of Representatives; and for other purposes.
In 2025, Georgia passed a bill titled: House of Representatives; adopt Rules. Description: A RESOLUTION adopting the Rules of the House of Representatives; and for other purposes.
In 2025, Georgia passed a bill titled: Joint session; message from the Governor. Description: A RESOLUTION calling a joint session of the House of Representatives and the Senate for the purpose of hearing a message from the Governor; inviting the Justices of the Supreme Court and the Judges of the Court of Appeals to be present at the joint session; and for other purposes.
In 2025, Georgia passed a bill titled: Joint session; message from Chief Justice of the Supreme Court. Description: A RESOLUTION calling a joint session of the House of Representatives and the Senate for the purpose of hearing a message from the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court; inviting each other Justice of the Supreme Court and each Judge of the Court of Appeals to be present at the joint session; and for other purposes.
In 2025, Georgia passed a bill titled: Butler, Thomas Elliot; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Thomas Elliot Butler.
In 2025, Georgia passed a bill titled: Turner, Howard "Sonny"; induction into the Georgia Association of Conservation Districts' Hall of Fame; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating Howard "Sonny" Turner upon his induction into the Georgia Association of Conservation Districts' Hall of Fame; and for other purposes.
In 2025, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Cancer Control Consortium; part of the Georgia Department of Public Health, HPV Cancer Free GA, Cancer Pathways, and The Susan Jolley Awareness Program; exceptional contributions to cervical cancer education and awareness in Georgia; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Georgia Cancer Control Consortium as part of the Georgia Department of Public Health, HPV Cancer Free GA, Cancer Pathways, and The Susan Jolley Awareness Program for their exceptional contributions to cervical cancer education and awareness in Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2025, Georgia passed a bill titled: Gilley, Gordon L.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Gordon L. Gilley; and for other purposes.
In 2025, Georgia passed a bill titled: Stallion, Reverend Dr. David L., Sr.; occasion of his ninth pastoral anniversary; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Reverend Dr. David L. Stallion Sr. on the occasion of his ninth pastoral anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2025, Georgia passed a bill titled: Sevastianos, Metropolitan; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Metropolitan Sevastianos; and for other purposes.
In 2025, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ahmaud Arbery Foundation; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Ahmaud Arbery Foundation; and for other purposes.
In 2025, Georgia passed a bill titled: Intuitive; contributions to patient care and for business achievements and growth in Gwinnett County, Georgia; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Intuitive for its contributions to patient care and for business achievements and growth in Gwinnett County, Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2025, Georgia passed a bill titled: Murphy, Mary Kay; lifetime of distinguished service to education and community; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring Mary Kay Murphy for a lifetime of distinguished service to education and community; and for other purposes.
In 2025, Georgia passed a bill titled: Fallin, William G.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of William G. Fallin; and for other purposes.
In 2025, Georgia passed a bill titled: Johnson, Bryce Alan; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Bryce Alan Johnson; and for other purposes.
In 2025, Georgia passed a bill titled: Brown, Barry A.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Barry A. Brown; and for other purposes.
In 2025, Georgia passed a bill titled: Consulate-General of Japan in Atlanta; 51st anniversary; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the 51st anniversary of the Consulate-General of Japan in Atlanta; and for other purposes.
In 2025, Georgia passed a bill titled: Strickland, Travis; 2024 West Georgia Soil and Water Conservationist of the Year; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Travis Strickland, the 2024 West Georgia Soil and Water Conservationist of the Year; and for other purposes
In 2025, Georgia passed a bill titled: Great Dane; 125th anniversary of its founding; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating Great Dane upon the 125th anniversary of its founding; and for other purposes.
In 2025, Georgia passed a bill titled: Senate Convened; notify the House of Representatives. Description: A RESOLUTION to notify the House of Representatives that the Senate has convened; and for other purposes.
In 2025, Georgia passed a bill titled: General Assembly Convened; notify the Governor. Description: A RESOLUTION to notify the Governor that the General Assembly has convened; and for other purposes.
In 2025, Georgia passed a bill titled: Senate Rules; adopt. Description: A RESOLUTION adopting the Rules of the Senate; and for other purposes.
In 2025, Georgia passed a bill titled: Senate Officials, Employees, and Committees; relative. Description: A RESOLUTION relative to officials, employees, and committees in the Senate; and for other purposes.
In 2025, Georgia passed a bill titled: Senate Special Committee on Investigations; reauthorizing. Description: A RESOLUTION reauthorizing the Senate Special Committee on Investigations; to provide for the issuance of compulsory process to secure the attendance of witnesses or the production of documents and materials; and for other purposes.
In 2025, Georgia passed a bill titled: General Assembly Meetings and Adjournments; relative. Description: A RESOLUTION relative to meetings and adjournments of the General Assembly; and for other purposes.
In 2025, Georgia passed a bill titled: Stevens, Charles "Charlie" Kay; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Charles "Charlie" Kay Stevens; and for other purposes.
In 2025, Georgia passed a bill titled: Major Clint Morris and Captain Dee Morris; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Major Clint Morris and Captain Dee Morris upon their retirement; and for other purposes.
In 2025, Georgia passed a bill titled: Atlanta Football Host Committee for hosting the 2025 College Football Playoff National Championship; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Atlanta Football Host Committee for hosting the 2025 College Football Playoff National Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2025, Georgia passed a bill titled: Thompson, Bruce A.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring and celebrating the life and legacy of Bruce A. Thompson; and for other purposes.
In 2025, Georgia passed a bill titled: Coleman, Richard; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Richard Coleman; and for other purposes.
In 2025, Georgia passed a bill titled: Strolling Thunder Day; recognize February 6, 2025. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 6, 2025, as Strolling Thunder Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2025, Georgia passed a bill titled: Trauma Awareness Day; recognize January 28, 2025. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Georgia's trauma professionals, the Georgia Trauma Commission, and the Georgia Trauma Foundation and recognizing January 28, 2025, as Trauma Awareness Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2025, Georgia passed a bill titled: Family and Consumer Sciences; recgonize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Family and Consumer Sciences; and for other purposes.
In 2025, Georgia passed a bill titled: Holder, Terry; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating Terry Holder upon his induction into the Georgia Sports Hall of Fame; and for other purposes.
In 2025, Georgia passed a bill titled: Firefighters Recognition Day; recognize February 4, 2025. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring and commending the firefighters of Georgia and recognizing February 4, 2025, as Firefighters Recognition Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2025, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bremen High School Competition Cheerleading Team; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Bremen High School competition cheerleading team for winning the 2024 1A-D1 Cheerleading State Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2025, Georgia passed a bill titled: Justus, Scott; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Scott Justus; and for other purposes.
In 2025, Georgia passed a bill titled: Page III, Claude J.; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Claude J. Page III; and for other purposes.
In 2025, Georgia passed a bill titled: Fallin, William G.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of William G. Fallin; and for other purposes.
In 2025, Georgia passed a bill titled: Johnson, Bryce Alan; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Bryce Alan Johnson; and for other purposes.
In 2025, Georgia passed a bill titled: Intuitive; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Intuitive for its contributions to patient care and for business achievements and growth in Gwinnett County, Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2025, Georgia passed a bill titled: Consulate-General of Japan in Atlanta; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the 51st anniversary of the Consulate-General of Japan in Atlanta; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Junkin, Deb; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Deb Junkin; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bowers, Sam; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Sam Bowers; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Kopel, Leslie; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Leslie Kopel; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Academy of Audiology; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the Georgia Academy of Audiology; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: McFather, Sarah Lynn; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Sarah Lynn McFather; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Riggs, Randy K.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Randy K. Riggs; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Castan, Dan; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dan Castan; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Shammas, Ivan; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Ivan Shammas; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Malloy, Travis; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Travis Malloy; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Williams, Otis; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Otis Williams; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Thompson-Sellers, Dr. Ingrid; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dr. Ingrid Thompson-Sellers; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bentley, Mr. Willie James; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Mr. Willie James Bentley; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jones, Apostle Danita Harden; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Apostle Danita Harden Jones; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Campbell, Herbert; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Herbert Campbell; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Carter, President James Earl, Jr.; honor and celebrate. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring and celebrating the life of President James Earl Carter Jr.; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Doug Blevins Agency; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending the Doug Blevins Agency; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: RudHil Companies; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending RudHil Companies; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: LifeLink of Georgia; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending LifeLink of Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Strolling Thunder Day at the state capitol; February 7, 2023; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 7, 2023, as Strolling Thunder Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Mitchell County; Board of Education; modify compensation of members. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to provide for the compensation of the chairperson and members of the Board of Education of Mitchell County, approved March 19, 1984 (Ga. L. 1984, p. 4383), as amended, so as to modify the compensation of the chairperson and members of the Board of Education of Mitchell County; to provide for related matters; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Comer, City of; increase term of mayor from two to four years. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to provide a new charter for the City of Comer, approved May 1, 2002 (Ga. L. 2002, p. 5306), so as to increase the term of mayor from two to four years; to revise provisions relating to municipal elections to address changes to the mayoral term of office; to provide for the continuance in office of the current mayor and councilmembers; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Supplemental appropriations; State Fiscal Year July 1, 2022 - June 30, 2023. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act making and providing appropriations for the State Fiscal Year beginning July 1, 2022, and ending June 30, 2023, known as the "General Appropriations Act," Act No. 865, approved May 12, 2022 (Ga. L. 2022, Volume One, Appendix, commencing at page 1 of 168), to make, provide, and change certain appropriations for the operation of the state government and its departments, boards, bureaus, commissions, institutions, and other agencies, for the university system, common schools, counties, municipalities, and political subdivisions, for all other governmental activities, projects, and undertakings authorized by law, and for all leases, contracts, agreements, and grants authorized by law; to provide for the control and administration of funds; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: General appropriations; State Fiscal Year July 1, 2023 - June 30, 2024. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to make and provide appropriations for the State Fiscal Year beginning July 1, 2023, and ending June 30, 2024; to make and provide such appropriations for the operation of the state government and its departments, boards, bureaus, commissions, institutions, and other agencies, for the university system, common schools, counties, municipalities, and political subdivisions, for all other governmental activities, projects, and undertakings authorized by law, and for all leases, contracts, agreements, and grants authorized by law; to provide for the control and administration of funds; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Farm Bureau Federation Day at the capitol; February 14, 2023; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 14, 2023, as Georgia Farm Bureau Federation Day at the capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Alto, Town of; anti-nepotism requirements for future mayors and councilmembers; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to reincorporate and provide a new charter for the Town of Alto, Georgia, approved May 6, 2009 (Ga. L. 2009, p. 3686), so as to provide anti-nepotism requirements for future mayors and councilmembers; to clarify the role of the mayor pro tempore; to increase the maximum fine the municipal court may impose for ordinance violations; to provide that the municipal court may not impose fines on statutory misdemeanor or traffic offenses in excess of maximum penalties provided for in general law; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cornelia, City of; Redevelopment Powers Law; authorize. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to authorize the City of Cornelia, Georgia, to exercise all redevelopment and other powers provided for under Article IX, Section II, Paragraph VII(b) of the Georgia Constitution and Chapter 44 of Title 36 of the O.C.G.A., the "Redevelopment Powers Law," as amended; to provide for a referendum; to provide for effective dates; to provide for automatic repeal under certain circumstances; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: State government; definition of antisemitism; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 1 of Title 50 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to general provisions relative to state government, so as to provide for the definition of antisemitism; to require state agencies and departments to consider such definition when determining whether an alleged act was motivated by discriminatory antisemitic intent; to provide for limitations and construction; to provide legislative findings; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Clayton, City of; levy an excise tax. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to authorize the governing authority of the City of Clayton to levy an excise tax pursuant to subsection (b) of Code Section 48-13-51 of the O.C.G.A.; to provide procedures, conditions, and limitations; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Conservation and natural resources; Hazardous Waste Trust Fund; dedicate proceeds of certain hazardous waste fees. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Part 2 of Article 3 of Chapter 8 of Title 12 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to hazardous site response, so as to dedicate the proceeds of certain hazardous waste fees to the Hazardous Waste Trust Fund as authorized and subject to the conditions imposed by Article III, Section IX, Paragraph VI(r) of the Constitution of Georgia; to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to provide for an effective date and automatic repeal; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Ports Authority; provide for powers; expand arrest authority of officers. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 2 of Title 52 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to Georgia Ports Authority, so as to provide for powers of the authority; to expand the arrest authority of officers of the Georgia Ports Authority in certain circumstances; to provide for additional powers and duties of such officers; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Ad valorem tax; language required to be included in notices of current assessment; revise. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 5 of Title 48 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to ad valorem taxation of property, so as to revise the language required to be included in the notices of current assessment; to add hearing officer review for tax assessment of certain business personal property; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Health; use of certified medication aides in penal institutions; authorize. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 31 of the O.C.G.A., relating to health, so as to authorize the use of certified medication aides in penal institutions; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Council on American Indian Concerns; revise membership. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 7 of Chapter 12 of Title 44 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to protection of American Indian human remains and burial objects, so as to revise the membership of the Council on American Indian Concerns; to revise addresses of American Indian Tribes; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Seminole County; Board of Education; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating the Board of Education of Seminole County, approved March 14, 1983 (Ga. L. 1983, p. 3994), as amended, so as to change the description of the education districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dillard, City of; levy an excise tax. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to authorize the governing authority of the City of Dillard to levy an excise tax pursuant to subsection (b) of Code Section 48-13-51 of the O.C.G.A.; to provide procedures, conditions, and limitations; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hagan, City of; change description of council districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to provide a new charter for the City of Hagan, approved April 5, 1995 (Ga. L. 1995, p. 4296), as amended, particularly by an Act approved April 30, 2013 (Ga. L. 2013, p. 3972), so as to change the description of the council districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for manner of election; to provide for the continuation in office of current members; to provide for related matters; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Education; local boards of education use vehicles other than school buses for transport of students; authorize. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 2 of Title 20 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to elementary and secondary education, so as to authorize local boards of education to use vehicles other than school buses for the transport of all students to and from school and school related activities; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: State Board of Registration for Foresters; independent state agency; provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Part 2 of Article 1 of Chapter 6 of Title 12 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the practice of professional forestry, so as to provide that the State Board of Registration for Foresters is an independent state agency attached to the State Forestry Commission for administrative purposes only; to require confirmation of the Senate for members of the State Board of Registration for Foresters appointed by the Governor; to authorize the board to issue cease and desist orders and issue additional penalties for violations; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Banking and finance; provide for definitions; change terminology; provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 7 of the O.C.G.A., relating to banking and finance, so as to provide for definitions; to provide for dates; to repeal laws relating to international banking corporations and bank agencies; to provide for an exemption to installment loan licensing and regulation; to provide for notice requirements; to provide for installment loan interest calculations; to provide for licensing and regulation of foreign bank offices and agencies; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Education; grants to children of law enforcement officers, firefighters, and prison guards killed in the line of duty; provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Subpart 7 of Part 3 of Article 7 of Chapter 3 of Title 20 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to grants to children of law enforcement officers, firefighters, and prison guards, so as to provide for undergraduate full tuition grants to children of law enforcement officers, firefighters, and prison guards who were killed in the line of duty who attend institutions of the University System of Georgia and who meet certain eligibility requirements; to provide for definitions; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Tallulah Falls, Town of; levy an excise tax. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to authorize the governing authority of the Town of Tallulah Falls to levy an excise tax pursuant to subsection (b) of Code Section 48-13-51 of the O.C.G.A.; to provide procedures, conditions, and limitations; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Sky Valley, City of; levy an excise tax. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to authorize the governing authority of the City of Sky Valley to levy an excise tax pursuant to subsection (b) of Code Section 48-13-51 of the O.C.G.A.; to provide procedures, conditions, and limitations; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Rabun County; levy an excise tax. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to authorize the governing authority of Rabun County to levy an excise tax pursuant to subsection (b) of Code Section 48-13-51 of the O.C.G.A.; to provide for procedures, conditions, and limitations; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Public Library Day at the state capitol; February 8, 2023; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 8, 2023, as Public Library Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Insurance; insurers providing policies for groups of 20 or more to furnish claims experience at the request of a group policyholder; require. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 33-30-13.1 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to furnishing claims experience to policyholders, so as to require insurers providing policies for groups of 20 or more to timely furnish claims experience at the request of a group policyholder; to allow such insurers that use other methods to apply to the Commissioner for approval of the use of an alternative form of claims experience reporting; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date and applicability; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Public utilities; written disclosure statement with any agreement for sale or financing of distributed energy generation systems; provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 3 of Title 46 of the O.C.G.A., relating to electrical service, so as to require that the seller provide a written disclosure statement with any agreement for the sale of distributed energy generation systems or for the financing of such systems through leases or solar energy procurement agreements; to provide for exceptions; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date and applicability; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Professions and businesses; education, experience, and training requirements for licensure in marriage and family therapy; revise provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 1 of Chapter 10A of Title 43 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to licensing provisions regarding professional counselors, social workers, and marriage and family therapists, so as to revise provisions relating to education, experience, and training requirements for licensure in marriage and family therapy; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dougherty Judicial Circuit; superior court; provide for a fourth judge. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 15-6-2 of the O.C.G.A., relating to the number of judges of superior courts, so as to provide for a fourth judge of the superior courts of the Dougherty Judicial Circuit; to declare inherent authority; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Uniform Unsworn Declarations Act; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 1 of Chapter 14 of Title 24 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to general provisions regarding proof generally, so as to enact the "Uniform Unsworn Declarations Act"; to provide for unsworn declarations to have the same effect as sworn declarations in certain circumstances; to provide for exceptions; to provide for definitions; to provide for applicability and construction; to provide for a short title; to amend Article 4 of Chapter 10 of Title 16 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to perjury and related offenses, so as to include unsworn declarations in the offense of perjury; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Education; eligibility criteria for certain capital outlay grants for low-wealth school systems; revise. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 20-2-262 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to low-wealth capital outlay grants to local school systems and criteria for eligibility, so as to revise the eligibility criteria for certain capital outlay grants for low-wealth school systems; to provide for the authority of the State Board of Education to establish rules and regulations; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Income tax; limit eligibility for rural physician tax credit to physicians who qualify on or before December 31, 2023. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 2 of Chapter 7 of Title 48 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to imposition, rate, computation, exemptions, and credits relative to state income taxes, so as to limit eligibility for the rural physician tax credit to persons qualifying as a rural physician on or before December 31, 2023; to provide for automatic repeal; to create a new tax credit for rural physicians, dentists, nurse practitioners, and physician assistants; to provide for conditions and limitations; to provide for an aggregate cap; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date and applicability; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Commerce and trade; provide for commercial financing disclosures. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 1 of Title 10 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to selling and other trade practices, so as to provide for commercial financing disclosures; to require certain persons who provide commercial financing transactions to make certain disclosures; to provide for penalties; to provide for applicability; to provide for definitions; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Insurance; require health benefit policy coverage for biomarker testing if supported by medical and scientific evidence. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 1 of Chapter 24 of Title 33 of the O.C.G.A., relating to general provisions regarding insurance, so as to require health benefit policy coverage for biomarker testing if supported by medical and scientific evidence; to provide for definitions; to provide for processes to request exceptions or appeal adverse determinations; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Sales and use tax; sales of tangible personal property used for or in the renovation or expansion of certain aquariums; exempt. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 48-8-3 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to exemptions from sales and use tax, so as to exempt sales of tangible personal property used for or in the renovation or expansion of certain aquariums for a certain period of time; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Nontraditional Special Schools Act; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 2 of Title 20 of the O.C.G.A., relating to elementary and secondary education, so as to revise and repeal certain provisions for alternative charter schools; to provide for the continued operation of state chartered special schools until no later than the expiration of each such school's current charter with the State Board of Education; to provide for a short title; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Coleman-Baker Act; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 17 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to criminal procedure, so as to enact the "Coleman-Baker Act"; to provide a short title; to provide for definitions; to provide for review of cold case murder files by law enforcement agencies; to provide for application of review; to provide for limitations of review; to provide for notification regarding review; to provide for the promulgation of regulations; to provide for reporting requirements; to provide for conflicting investigations; to provide for applicability; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Wills, trusts and administration of estates; notices to beneficiaries regarding issuance of letters testamentary; require. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 5 of Title 53 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to probate, so as to require personal representatives to send notices to beneficiaries regarding the issuance of letters testamentary or letters of administration; to provide for revocation of such letters as to personal representatives who fail to comply; to provide for trust beneficiary representation; to provide for a definition; to revise a definition regarding Uniform Transfer on Death Security Registration; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Mitchell County; Board of Commissioners; revise provisions of compensation. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing for a Board of Commissioners of Mitchell County, approved February 20, 1873 (Ga. L. 1873, p. 279), as amended, so as to revise provisions relating to the compensation of the board of commissioners; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Mitchell County; county administrator; provide final authority to take employment action on department heads subject to consultation with the board of commissioners. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to provide for the creation of the office of county administrator of Mitchell County, approved April 4, 1991 (Ga. L. 1991, p. 3616), so as to provide the county administrator with final authority to take employment action on department heads subject to consultation with the board of commissioners; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Revenue and taxation; Internal Revenue Code and Internal Revenue Code of 1986; revise terms and incorporate certain provisions of federal law into Georgia law. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 48 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to revenue and taxation, so as to revise the terms "Internal Revenue Code" and "Internal Revenue Code of 1986" and thereby incorporate certain provisions of the federal law into Georgia law; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date and applicability; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Income tax; change certain definitions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 7 of Title 48 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to income taxes, so as to change certain definitions regarding such taxes; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Psychological Association; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the Georgia Psychological Association; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bartow County; Board of Education; revise district boundaries. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing for the Board of Education of Bartow County, approved March 30, 1987 (Ga. L. 1987, p. 4915), as amended, particularly by an Act approved February 17, 2022 (Ga. L. 2022, p. 4585), so as to revise the district boundaries plan; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of the current members; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bartow County; ad valorem tax for educational purposes; provide homestead exemption. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to provide a homestead exemption from certain Bartow County School District ad valorem taxes for educational purposes in the amount of $5,000.00 of the assessed value of the homestead for certain residents of that school district, approved April 1, 1994 (Ga. L. 1994, p. 4556), so as to increase the exemption to $15,000.00; to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to provide for a referendum, effective dates, and automatic repeal, mandatory execution of election, and judicial remedies regarding failure to comply; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Uniform rules of the road; procedure for passing stationary vehicles; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to Article 1 of Chapter 6 of Title 40 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to general provisions relative to uniform rules of the road, so as to provide for procedure for passing stationary vehicles; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Motor vehicles; standards for issuance of limited driving permits for certain offenders; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 40-5-64 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to limited driving permits for certain offenders, so as to provide for standards for issuance of such permits; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Waters, ports, and watercraft; wakesurfing and wakeboarding; provide restrictions and requirements. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 1 of Chapter 7 of Title 52 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to registration, operation, and sale of watercraft generally, so as to provide for restrictions and requirements regarding wakesurfing and wakeboarding, including on certain state waters; to provide for exceptions; to provide for definitions; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Georgia Achieving A Better Life Experience (ABLE); governance of program by board of directors of Georgia Higher Education Savings Plan; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 11 of Chapter 3 of Title 20 and Chapter 9 of Title 30 of the O.C.G.A., relating to the higher education savings plan and Georgia Achieving A Better Life Experience (ABLE), respectively, so as to provide for the governance of the Georgia ABLE program by the board of directors of the Georgia Higher Education Savings Plan; to revise the composition and chairperson of the board of directors of the Georgia Higher Education Savings Plan; to remove the maximum amount of contributions currently allowed per beneficiary; to authorize the board to establish such maximum amount; to provide for the transfer of rights and obligations; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Harris County; Probate Court; authorize assessment and collection of technology fee. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to authorize the assessment and collection of a technology fee by the Probate Court of Harris County; to identify the authorized uses of such technology fee; to provide for the termination of such technology fee and dedication of residual funds to technology uses; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Appeal and error; judgments deemed directly appealable; change a provision. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 2 of Chapter 6 of Title 5 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to appellate practice, so as to change a provision relating to judgments deemed directly appealable; to provide for a definition; to provide for an out-of-time remedy for certain types of postjudgment relief in criminal cases; to provide for procedure and time frames; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Revenue and taxation; representation of minority business enterprises, women and veteran owned businesses in procurement of state contracts; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Titles 48 and 50 of the O.C.G.A., relating to revenue and taxation and state government, respectively, so as to provide for representation of minority business enterprises, women owned businesses, and veteran owned businesses in the area of procurement of state contracts for construction, services, equipment, and goods; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Public assistance; expand temporary assistance for needy families eligibility criteria to pregnant women. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 4 of Title 49 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to public assistance, so as to expand temporary assistance for needy families eligibility criteria to pregnant women; to revise definitions; to repeal a provision relating to elimination of increment in benefits; to provide for conforming changes; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Student Finance Authority; student loan repayment for peace officers; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Part 3 of Article 7 of Chapter 3 of Title 20 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the Georgia Student Finance Authority, so as to provide for student loan repayment for peace officers; to provide for definitions; to provide for eligibility requirements; to provide for continued eligibility requirements; to provide for student loan repayment agreements and conditions; to provide for maximum student loan repayment amounts; to provide for rules and regulations; to provide for appropriations contingency; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Buildings and housing; amend Georgia state minimum standard codes to authorize certain uses of ungraded lumber; require. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 8-2-23 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to amendment and revision of codes generally, so as to require the department to amend the Georgia state minimum standard codes to authorize certain uses of ungraded lumber; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dalton, City of; city council; change description of election wards. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act consolidating, amending, and codifying the various Acts incorporating the City of Dalton, approved February 24, 1874 (Ga. L. 1874, p. 181), as amended, so as to change the description of the election wards for the city council; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Revenue and taxation; update population bracket and census data for a certain property tax exemption for certain leased property. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 48-5-40 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to definitions for property tax exemptions, so as to update the population bracket and census date for a certain property tax exemption for certain leased property; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Criminal procedure; restrictions of disclosure of personal information of nonsworn employees; provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 16 of Title 17 of the O.C.G.A., relating to discovery in criminal procedure, so as to provide for restrictions of the disclosure of certain personally identifiable information of nonsworn employees of a law enforcement agency who are witnesses in felony and misdemeanor criminal cases; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Education; establishment of unified campus police forces through agreements by colleges and universities; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 8 of Title 20 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to campus policemen, so as to provide for the establishment of unified campus police forces through agreements entered into by colleges and universities; to provide for definitions; to provide for arrest powers; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Community Health, Department of; include continuous glucose monitors as a pharmacy benefit for Medicaid recipients; require. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 7 of Chapter 4 of Title 49 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to medical assistance generally, so as to require the Department of Community Health to include continuous glucose monitors as a pharmacy benefit for Medicaid recipients; to provide for coverage criteria; to provide for certain consultations by treating practitioners; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: George L. Burgess Act; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 29-4-22 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to decisions on ward's well-being, obligations of guardian, and liability of guardian, so as to enact the "George L. Burgess Act"; to provide for the ward's right to communicate; to provide for penalties; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Butts County; Probate Court; authorize assessment and collection of technology fee. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to authorize the assessment and collection of a technology fee by the Probate Court of Butts County; to identify the authorized uses of such technology fee; to provide for the termination of such technology fee and dedication of residual funds to technology uses; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Safe Schools Act; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 2 of Title 20 of the O.C.G.A., relating to elementary and secondary education, so as to provide for a school safety and anti-gang endorsement for eligible certificated professional personnel issued by the Professional Standards Commission; to require school safety plans to be submitted to the Georgia Emergency Management and Homeland Security Agency; to require intruder alert drills in all public schools in this state; to require public schools to report completion of such drills to the Georgia Emergency Management and Homeland Security Agency; to provide for parents and guardians to opt their children out of such drills; to provide for a definition; to provide for a short title; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Professions and businesses; issuance of licenses by endorsement for spouses of firefighters, healthcare providers, and law enforcement officers who relocate to Georgia; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 1 of Title 43 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to general provisions of professions and businesses, so as to provide for the issuance of licenses by endorsement for certain licenses to spouses of firefighters, healthcare providers, and law enforcement officers who relocate to the State of Georgia; to establish qualifications for such license by endorsement; to provide for definitions; to provide for exceptions and applicability; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hall County; Board of Education; provide that the boundaries are not changed by annexations undertaken by the City of Buford. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing for districts for the election of the Board of Education of Hall County, approved March 29, 1983 (Ga. L. 1983, p. 4553), as amended, so as to provide that the boundaries of the Hall County school district are not changed by annexations undertaken by the City of Buford unless expressly approved in a separate local Act of the General Assembly or by intergovernmental agreement; to provide for intergovernmental agreements; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Courts; change name of Stone Mountain Judicial Circuit to DeKalb Judicial Circuit. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 1 of Chapter 6 of Title 15 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to general provisions regarding superior courts, so as to change the name of the Stone Mountain Judicial Circuit to the DeKalb Judicial Circuit; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jesup, City of; Board of Commissioners; reapportion election districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating a new charter for the City of Jesup, approved December 16, 1937 (Ga. L. 1937-38 Ex. Sess., p. 1142), as amended, particularly by an Act approved April 30, 2013 (Ga. L. 2013, p. 3997), so as to reapportion the city board of commissioners election districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for an effective date; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: City of Albany Community Improvement Districts Act; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide for the creation of one or more community improvement districts in the City of Albany; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Income tax; one-time tax credit for taxpayers who filed returns for both 2021 and 2022 taxable years; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 7 of Title 48 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to income taxes, so as to provide for a one-time tax credit for individual taxpayers who filed income tax returns for both the 2021 and 2022 taxable years; to provide for a definition; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Board of Health Care Workforce; student loan repayment for medical examiners employed by the Division of Forensic Sciences of the Georgia Bureau of Investigation; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 10 of Title 49 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the Georgia Board of Health Care Workforce, so as to provide for student loan repayment for medical examiners employed by the Division of Forensic Sciences of the Georgia Bureau of Investigation; to provide for definitions; to authorize the board to approve applications; to provide for eligibility requirements; to provide for continued eligibility requirements; to provide for student loan repayment agreements and conditions; to provide for rules and regulations; to provide for appropriations contingency; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Mount Zion, City of; provide that members of the city council shall be elected from districts instead of at large. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to provide a new charter for the City of Mount Zion, approved May 12, 2015 (Ga. L. 2015, p. 3862), so as to provide that members of the city council shall be elected from districts instead of at large; to provide district residency requirements for councilmembers; to revise election procedures to provide for district elections; to provide the description of council districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current councilmembers; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: State government; public disclosure not required relative to inspection of public records; include certain documents from Department of Natural Resources. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 50-18-72 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to when public disclosure not required relative to inspection of public records, so as to include certain documents from the Department of Natural Resources; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Courts; provide for qualification of constables. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 6 of Chapter 10 of Title 15 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to constables, clerk, and other court personnel, so as to provide for the qualification of constables; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Motor vehicles and traffic; standards for issuance of limited driving permits for certain offenders; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 40-5-64 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to limited driving permits for certain offenders, so as to provide for standards for issuance of such permits; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Sales and use tax; taxation of certain digital products and services; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 8 of Title 48 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to sales and use tax, so as to provide for the taxation of the sale or use of certain digital products and services; to provide for procedures, conditions, and limitations; to exempt digital services sold to or used by an end user on a time-limited subscription or membership basis; to revise a sales tax exemption for certain computer software; to revise and provide for definitions; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date and applicability; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Motor vehicles; federal regulations regarding safe operation of commercial motor vehicle and carriers; update reference date. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 40-1-8 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to safe operations of motor carriers, commercial motor vehicles, and drivers and safe transportation of hazardous materials, so as to update the reference date to federal regulations regarding the safe operation of motor carriers and commercial motor vehicles; to revise a definition; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Courts; increase amount of court reporters' monthly contingent expense and travel allowance. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 1 of Chapter 14 of Title 15 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to general provisions regarding court reporters, so as to increase the amount of court reporters' monthly contingent expense and travel allowance; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Controlled Substances; mitragynine and hydroxymitragynine are Schedule I; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 13 of Title 16 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to controlled substances, so as to provide that mitragynine and hydroxymitragynine are Schedule I controlled substances; to repeal provisions relating to the regulation of kratom; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Property; curing defective deeds and other instruments; revise provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act part 1 of Article 1 of Chapter 2 of Title 44 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to recording of deeds and other real property transactions, so as to revise provisions for curing defective deeds and other instruments; to comport with the legislative correction recommended by the United States Eleventh Circuit Court of Appeals in Pingora Loan Servicing, LLC, v. Scarver (In Re: Lindstrom); to provide for an effective date and applicability; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Motor vehicles; temporary license plates and operating permits; revise terminology. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 16-11-112 and Chapter 2 of Title 40 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to vehicles with false or secret compartments and registration and licensing of motor vehicles, respectively, so as to revise terminology relating to temporary license plates and temporary operating permits; to provide standards for the issuance of temporary operating permits for motor vehicles failing to comply with vehicle emission standards upon vehicle registration renewal; to remove outdated provisions; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Education; provide for HOPE Inclusive Postsecondary Education (IPSE) grants. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Part 7 of Article 7 of Chapter 3 of Title 20 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to HOPE scholarships and grants, so as to provide for HOPE Inclusive Postsecondary Education (IPSE) grants; to provide for definitions; to provide for student eligibility; to provide for funding; to provide for policies, procedures, rules, and regulations, including requirements for program authorization; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Appeal and error; filing of petitions for review in reviewing courts from lower judicatories; revise an exception. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 5 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to appeal and error, so as to revise an exception applicable to the filing of petitions for review in reviewing courts from lower judicatories; to make conforming changes; to amend Code Section 36-32-2.1 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to removal of judges, so as to provide for a conforming change; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date and applicability; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Dangerous Sexual Predator Prevention Act; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 2 of Chapter 6 of Title 5 of the O.C.G.A., relating to appellate practice, so as to revise the name of the Sexual Offender Registration Review Board; to provide for related matters; to provide a short title; to provide for an effective date; to provide for applicability; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Highways, bridges, and ferries; allowable variance for weight limitations upon a vehicle or load; provide for. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 2 of Chapter 6 of Title 32 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to dimensions and weight of vehicles and loads, so as to provide for an allowable variance for weight limitations upon a vehicle or load; to repeal certain exceptions which allow for excess weight for vehicles and loads; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Georgia Access to Medical Cannabis Commission; subject to Administrative Procedure Act and laws governing open meetings and records; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 9 of Chapter 12 of Title 16 of the O.C.G.A., relating to access to medical cannabis, so as to provide that the Georgia Access to Medical Cannabis Commission shall be subject to the Administrative Procedure Act and laws governing open meetings and open records; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Brooks County; appointment of county surveyor; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to abolish the office of elected county surveyor of Brooks County; to provide for the appointment of a county surveyor by the governing authority of the county; to provide that the person currently serving as elected county surveyor shall serve out the remainder of his or her term; to provide for related matters; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Health; restrictions on sale and dispensing of contact lenses with respect to physicians; revise provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 12 of Title 31 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the control of hazardous conditions, preventable diseases, and metabolic disorders, so as to revise provisions relating to restrictions on the sale and dispensing of contact lenses with respect to physicians; to revise definitions; to provide requirements for assessment mechanisms; to provide for rules and regulations; to provide for statutory construction; to provide for violations and penalties; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Georgia Municipal Court Clerks' Council; create. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 32 of Title 36 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to municipal courts, so as to create the Georgia Municipal Court Clerks' Council; to provide for definitions; to provide for the membership, powers, and duties of the council; to provide for funding of the council; to provide for the status of the council and its members; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Local government; creation of Commercial Property Assessed Conservation, Energy, and Resiliency Development Authorities; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 36 of the O.C.G.A., relating to local government, so as to provide for the creation of Commercial Property Assessed Conservation, Energy, and Resiliency Development Authorities in certain counties and municipalities; to provide for related matters; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Waters, ports, and watercraft; carrying of night visual distress signals upon coastal waters during certain hours; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 1 of Chapter 7 of Title 52 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to general provisions relative to registration, operation, and sale of watercraft, so as to provide for the carrying of night visual distress signals upon coastal waters of this state during certain hours; to provide for the carrying of such signals by vessels of a certain size; to update the reference date to department rules and regulations relating to criminal violations relating to registration, operation, and sale of watercraft; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Harris County; levy an excise tax. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to authorize the governing authority of Harris County to levy an excise tax pursuant to subsection (b) of Code Section 48-13-51 of the O.C.G.A.; to provide for procedures, conditions, and limitations; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Professions and businesses; licensure of advanced practice registered nurses; provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 26 of Title 43 of the O.C.G.A., relating to nurses, so as to provide for licensure of advanced practice registered nurses; to revise definitions; to provide for licensure requirements; to provide for renewal of licenses; to provide for a misdemeanor to practice advanced nursing practice without a license; to amend Article 3 of Chapter 2 of Title 40 and Article 2 of Chapter 34 of Title 43 of the O.C.G.A., relating to prestige license plates and special plates for certain persons and vehicles and medical practice, respectively, so as to authorize advanced practice registered nurses and physician assistants to execute affidavits certifying an individual is disabled for purposes of obtaining special vehicle decals for persons with disabilities; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Edwards, Terrence; inducted into the Georgia High School Hall of Fame; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Terrence Edwards on being inducted into the Georgia High School Hall of Fame; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Evidence; sexual assault hearsay for disabled adults and 17 year olds; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 2 of Chapter 8 of Title 24 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to admissions and confessions, so as to provide for sexual assault hearsay for disabled adults and 17 year olds; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Banking and finance; venue for offense of money laundering; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 11 of Chapter 1 of Title 7 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to records and reports of currency transactions, so as to provide for venue for the offense of money laundering; to provide for legislative findings; to amend Article 1 of Chapter 8 of Title 16 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to theft, so as to provide for venue for the offense of theft of money held in a financial institution; to provide for legislative findings; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Property; means of enforcement of condominium and property owners' association instruments, rules, and regulations; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 44 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to property, so as to provide for means of enforcement of condominium and property owners' association instruments, rules, and regulations; to provide for compliance with, and means of enforcement of, covenants and instruments for certain planned subdivisions; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Insurance; filing review process for private passenger motor vehicle liability coverage providing the minimum limits offered by the carrier; revise. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 33-9-21 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to maintenance and filing rates, rating plans, rating systems, or underwriting rules and examination of claim reserve practices by the Commissioner, so as to revise the filing review process for private passenger motor vehicle liability coverage providing the minimum limits offered by the carrier; to clarify the filing review process for other private passenger motor vehicle coverage; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date and applicability; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Insurance, Department of; clarify, streamline, and make transparent the practices of the department. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 33 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to insurance, so as to clarify, streamline, and make transparent the practices of the department of insurance; to provide that property insurance does not include service contracts sold or offered for sale to persons other than consumers; to allow the Commissioner of Insurance to issue a probationary license for a period not longer than 24 months; to allow, at the Commissioner of Insurance's discretion, an applicant whose application has been refused to reapply for a license after one year; to require specific language in public adjuster contracts; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Spikes, Takeo; inducted into the Georgia High School Hall of Fame; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Takeo Spikes on being inducted into the Georgia High School Hall of Fame; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Crimes and offenses; offense of criminal interference with critical infrastructure; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 16 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to crimes and offenses, so as to provide for the offense of criminal interference with critical infrastructure; to provide for definitions; to provide for penalties; to amend Code Sections 35-2-36, 42-8-35.4, and 43-34-10 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to composition of battalion, rank of battalion personnel, employment of recruits or cadets by commissioner, promulgation of rules and regulations as to enlistment and training of recruits or cadets, confinement in probation detention center, and notification of conviction, respectively, so as to provide for conforming cross-references; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Revenue and taxation; qualified consolidated government special purpose local option sales tax; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 8 of Title 48 of the O.C.G.A., relating to sales and use taxes, so as to provide for a qualified consolidated government special purpose local option sales tax; to provide for related matters; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Prosecuting Attorneys Oversight Commission; create. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 1 of Chapter 18 of Title 15 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to general provisions regarding prosecuting attorneys, so as to create the Prosecuting Attorneys Oversight Commission; to provide for definitions; to provide for the powers, composition, appointment, and confirmation of such commission; to provide for commission members' terms, vacancies, and removals; to provide for procedures and confidentiality; to provide for related matters; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: State government; Southeast Georgia Soap Box Derby as official soap box derby of the State of Georgia; designate. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 3 of Chapter 3 of Title 50 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to state symbols, so as to designate the Southeast Georgia Soap Box Derby as the official soap box derby of the State of Georgia; to provide for promotion of the Southeast Georgia Soap Box Derby; to provide for legislative findings; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Clay County; Probate Court; authorize assessment and collection of technology fee. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to authorize the assessment and collection of a technology fee by the Probate Court of Clay County; to identify the authorized uses of such technology fee; to provide for the termination of such technology fee and dedication of residual funds to technology needs; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Driver's Education Commission; violation of traffic laws or ordinances under Joshua's Law; provide additional penalty. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 10 of Chapter 21 of Title 15 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the Georgia Driver's Education Commission, so as to provide for an additional penalty for violation of traffic laws or ordinances under "Joshua's Law"; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date and applicability; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Coweta Judicial Circuit; superior court; provide eighth judge. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 15-6-2 of the O.C.G.A., relating to the number of judges of superior courts, so as to provide for an eighth judge of the superior courts of the Coweta Judicial Circuit; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cruz, Celia; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Celia Cruz; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Board of Natural Resources; effective date for certain rules and regulations; extend. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 1 of Title 27 of the O.C.G.A., relating to general provisions relative to game and fish, so as to extend the date by which rules and regulations prescribed by the Board of Natural Resources must be in effect for purposes of establishing criminal violations of said rules and regulations; to amend Part 1 of Article 4 of Chapter 4 of Title 27 of the O.C.G.A., relating to general provisions relative to seafood, so as to require certain reporting of non-activity by seafood dealers; to amend Part 4 of Article 4 of Chapter 4 of Title 27 of the O.C.G.A., relating to shellfish, so as to provide for a definition; to authorize discretionary penalties for certain enforcement actions by the Department of Natural Resources; to provide for effective dates; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Kinsey, Michael Scott; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Michael Scott Kinsey; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Civil practice; alternative procedure for designation of official legal organ; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 9-13-142 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the requirements of an official legal organ, so as to provide an alternative procedure for the designation of the official legal organ; to amend Chapter 80 of Title 36 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to provisions applicable to counties, municipal corporations, and other governmental entities, so as to provide an additional manner of publishing certain legal notices by counties and municipalities; to provide for a definition; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Brantley County; Board of Education; compensation of members; change provisions. Description: A BILL to amend an Act providing for the election of members of the Board of Education of Brantley County, approved April 17, 1975 (Ga. L. 1975, p. 3937), as amended, particularly by an Act approved May 12, 2008 (Ga. L. 2008, p. 3757), so as to change the provisions relating to the compensation of the members of the board; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Commission on Women Champions for Change Day at the state capitol; 02/23/23; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 23, 2023, as Georgia Commission on Women Champions for Change Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Revenue and taxation; handling of appeals of property tax assessments; revise certain deadlines and procedures. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 48-5-311 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to creation of county boards of equalization, duties, review of assessments, and appeals, so as to revise certain deadlines and procedures for the handling of appeals of property tax assessments; to revise certain notice requirements and procedures; to revise provisions for certain automatic judgements; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date and applicability; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Rockdale Judicial Circuit; Superior Court judges; change amount of salary supplement. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing for a supplement to the compensation, salary, expenses, and allowances of the judges of the Superior Court of the Rockdale Judicial Circuit, approved March 30, 1993 (Ga. L. 1993, p. 4459), as amended, particularly by an Act approved May 29, 2007 (Ga. L. 2007, p. 4129), so as to change the amount of such supplement; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Criminal Justice Coordinating Council; establish grant program for motor vehicle related crime prevention initiatives; establish Georgia Motor Vehicle Crime Prevention Advisory Board. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 6A of Title 35 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to criminal justice coordinating council, so as to provide for the establishment of a grant program to support local law enforcement agencies and multi-jurisdiction task forces relative to motor vehicle related crime prevention initiatives; to provide for standards and conditions for such grant program; to provide for recommendations and reporting; to provide for the establishment of the Georgia Motor Vehicle Crime Prevention Advisory Board; to provide for membership; to provide for clarifying changes relative to current boards and advisory boards; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act; authorize local workforce development boards to conduct meetings via teleconference. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 50-14-1 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to meetings open to the public, limitation on action to contest agency action, recording, notice of time and place, access to minutes, and telecommunications conferences, so as to authorize local workforce development boards, formed pursuant to the federal Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act, and their associated committees and local officials to conduct meetings via teleconference; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: College Park, City of; ad valorem tax; municipal purposes; provide homestead exemption. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide a homestead exemption from City of College Park ad valorem taxes for municipal purposes for the full amount of the assessed value of the homestead for residents of that city who are disabled or who are 65 years of age or older and whose income, together with the income of the spouse who also occupies and resides at such homestead, does not exceed the maximum amount which may be received by an individual and an individual's spouse at full retirement age under the federal Social Security Act for the immediately preceding year; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Carrollton, City of; Municipal Court; charge technology fee. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to authorize the Municipal Court of the City of Carrollton to charge a technology fee; to specify the uses to which such technology fees may be applied; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Board of Natural Resources; extend date by which rules and regulations must be in effect for purposes of establishing criminal violations. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 1 of Chapter 2 of Title 12 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to general provisions relative to the Department of Natural Resources, so as to extend the date by which rules and regulations prescribed by the Board of Natural Resources must be in effect for purposes of establishing criminal violations of said rules and regulations; to amend Part 7 of Article 7 of Chapter 3 of Title 12 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the Sapelo Island Heritage Authority, so as to amend the composition and chairmanship of the Sapelo Island Heritage Authority; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Insurance; discount for property owners who build a new property that better resists tornado, hurricane, or other catastrophic windstorm events; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 32 of Title 33 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to property insurance, so as to provide for an insurance premium discount or rate reduction for property owners who build a new residential or commercial property or who retrofit an existing residential or commercial property located in this state that better resists tornado, hurricane, or other catastrophic windstorm events; to provide for applicability; to provide for definitions; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Insurance; additional value-added products or services that are excluded from being unfair trade practices and unlawful inducements; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 24 of Title 33 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to insurance generally, so as to provide for additional value-added products or services that are excluded from being unfair trade practices and unlawful inducements in insurance; to provide for a definition; to allow an insurer or insurance producer to offer or provide a value-added product or service that enhances the health or financial wellness of a customer, incentivizes behavioral changes of a customer, or assists in the administration of employee or retiree benefit insurance coverage; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date and applicability; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ad valorem tax; optional temporary tax relief to certain properties located in nationally declared federal disaster areas; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 1 of Chapter 5 of Title 48 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to general provisions regarding ad valorem taxation of property, so as to provide for optional temporary tax relief to certain properties located in nationally declared federal disaster areas; to provide for rules, procedures, conditions, and limitations; to provide for appeals; to provide for definitions; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date and applicability; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Quality Basic Education Act; minimum course study in career readiness education for students in grades six through twelve; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Part 2 of Article 6 of Chapter 2 of Title 20 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to competencies and core curriculum under the "Quality Basic Education Act," so as to provide for a minimum course of study in career readiness education for students in grades six through 12 to include instruction and training experiences focused on employability and career readiness skills; to provide for legislative findings; to direct the Department of Education to develop, assemble, and make available instructional resources and materials concerning employability and career readiness skills, career exploration, and career oriented learning experiences; to provide for implementation; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Sales and use tax; change manner and method of imposing and collecting taxes on new manufactured single-family structures. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Part 1 of Article 1 of Chapter 8 of Title 48 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to general provisions applicable to sales and use tax, so as to change the manner and method of imposing and collecting such taxes on new manufactured single-family structures; to provide for an exemption for pre-owned manufactured single-family structures; to provide for legislative intent; to provide for definitions; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Employees' Retirement System of Georgia; total percentage of funds invested in alternative investments; raise limit. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 7 of Chapter 20 of Title 47 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, the "Public Retirement Systems Investment Authority Law," so as to raise the limit for the total percentage of funds that the Employees' Retirement System of Georgia may invest in alternative investments; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: East Georgia Regional Airport Authority Act; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to create the East Georgia Regional Airport Authority; to provide for liberal construction; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Revenue and taxation; county tax commissioner duties; revise provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 6 of Chapter 5 of Title 48 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to municipal taxation, so as to revise provisions concerning the duties of county tax commissioners with respect to the assessment and collection of municipal taxes and fees; to provide for terms and conditions; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date and applicability; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Guardian and ward; add to the list of providers who are authorized to participate in the processes for appointment of a guardian for an adult. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 29 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to guardian and ward, so as to add to the list of providers who are authorized to participate in the processes for appointment of a guardian for an adult, the modification and termination of such guardianship, and the appointment of emergency guardian; to add to the list of providers who are authorized to participate in the processes for appointment of a conservator for an adult, the modification and termination of such conservatorship, and the appointment of emergency conservator; to provide for limitations on the powers and duties of certain emergency conservators; to revise and provide for definitions; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Insurance; administration of certain rehabilitation policies by a ceding insurer placed into liquidation; provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 3 of Chapter 37 of Title 33 of the O.C.G.A., relating to procedure for rehabilitation, so as to provide for the administration of contracts reinsuring life, disability income or long-term care policies or annuities issued by a ceding insurer that has been placed into liquidation; to provide for the Georgia Life and Health Insurance Guaranty Association to elect to assume the rights and obligations of a ceding insurer; to provide for duties, rights, and obligations of such association, the reinsurer, and the receiver; to provide for time restrictions for certain actions; to provide for mandatory negotiation; to provide for arbitration; to provide for construction; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Insurance; consumer protections against surprise billing; revise certain procedures. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 33 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to insurance, so as to revise certain procedures, timelines, and other matters concerning consumer protections against surprise billing; to provide grounds for new violations of unfair claims settlement practices; to provide for payments by insurers; to provide for Commissioner authority; to provide for penalties; to provide for rules and regulations; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Courts; exemption or deferment from jury service for natural or adoptive mothers of children six months of age or younger; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 1 of Chapter 12 of Title 15 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to general provisions regarding juries, so as to provide for an exemption or deferment from jury service for natural or adoptive mothers of children six months of age and younger; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Code; add appropriate references to United States Space Force; provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 15-9-2.1, Title 16, Title 19, Title 20, and Chapter 2 of Title 38, Chapter 2 of Title 40, of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to appointment, compensation, authority, qualifications, training, and other limitations of associate probate court judges, crimes and offenses, domestic relations, education, military affairs, and registration and licensing of motor vehicles, respectively, so as to add appropriate references to the United States Space Force; to make conforming changes; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Solar Technology Trust Fund; fund within state treasury; establish. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Part 4 of Article 1 of Chapter 3 of Title 46 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to solar power free-market financing, so as to provide for the establishment of the Solar Technology Trust Fund as a fund within the state treasury; to impose a fee on the retail sale of new solar technology and to dedicate such fees to such fund as authorized and subject to the conditions imposed by Article III, Section IX, Paragraph VI(r) of the Constitution of Georgia; to provide for reports and forms; to provide for authorization; to provide for annual appropriations and reporting; to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Motor vehicles and traffic; revise amount of civil monetary penalty for violations of improperly passing a school bus or speeding in a school zone. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 40 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to motor vehicles and traffic, so as to revise the amount of civil monetary penalty for violations of improperly passing a school bus and speeding in a school zone when captured by cameras; to restrict other additional fines, fees, penalties, or charges; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Crimes and offenses; issuance of a temporary or permanent protective order by the court; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 16-5-94 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to restraining orders and protective orders, so as to provide for the issuance of a temporary or permanent protective order by the court; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Education; energy cost savings measures; revise definition. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 20-2-506 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to definitions and authority to enter into multiyear lease, purchase, or lease purchase contracts, so as to revise the definition of "energy cost savings measures"; to provide that energy cost saving contracts need not be subject to competitive bidding; to amend Chapter 37 of Title 50 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to guaranteed energy savings performance contracting, so as to revise definitions; to revise limitations on improvement that is not causally connected to an energy conservation measure; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Revenue and taxation; certain medical preceptor rotations; revise tax credit. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 7 of Title 48 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to income taxes, so as to revise a tax credit for certain medical preceptor rotations; to add dentistry; to increase the value of the tax credit; to revise definitions; to extend the sunset provision for such tax credit; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date and applicability; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Health; financial stability requirements for applicants and licensees of personal care homes and assisted living communities; revise provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 1 of Chapter 7 of Title 31 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to regulation of hospitals and related institutions, so as to revise provisions relating to financial stability requirements for applicants and licensees of personal care homes and assisted living communities; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Commissioner of Insurance; promulgate rules and regulations regarding cost-sharing requirements for diagnostic and supplemental breast screening examinations; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 24 of Title 33 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to insurance generally, so as to provide for the Commissioner of Insurance to promulgate rules and regulations regarding cost-sharing requirements for diagnostic and supplemental breast screening examinations; to revise definitions; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date and applicability; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Education; reestablishment of Office of Charter School Compliance under State Charter Schools Commission. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 2 of Title 20 of the O.C.G.A., relating to elementary and secondary education, so as to provide for the reestablishment of the Office of Charter School Compliance under the State Charter Schools Commission; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Crimes and offenses; incest; include step-grandparent and step-grandchild relationship. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 16-6-22 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to incest, so as to include step-grandparent and step-grandchild relationship; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Purdue, Starr Hutchings; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Starr Hutchings Purdue; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Controlled substances; Schedules I, IV, and V; provide certain provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 13 of Title 16 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to controlled substances, so as to provide for certain provisions relating to Schedule I controlled substances, Schedule IV controlled substances, and Schedule V controlled substances; to provide for certain provisions relating to the definition of dangerous drugs; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Buildings and housing; prohibit Georgia state minimum standard codes from prohibiting use of certain refrigerants. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 8-2-23 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to amendment and revision of codes generally, so as to prohibit the Georgia state minimum standard codes from prohibiting the use of certain refrigerants; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Student Technology Protection Act; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 6 of Chapter 2 of Title 20 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, the "Quality Basic Education Act," so as to provide for the inclusion of methods for the promotion of the safe and appropriate use of technology and responsible digital citizenship in the comprehensive character education program; to repeal a provision regarding applicability; to provide for implementation; to provide for a short title; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Education; daily duty-free planning periods for teachers in grades six through twelve; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Subpart 2 of Part 6 of Article 6 of Chapter 2 of Title 20 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to conditions of employment in elementary and secondary education, so as to provide for daily duty-free planning periods for teachers in grades six through 12; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Lowering Prescription Drug Costs for Patients Act; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 64 of Title 33 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to regulation and licensure of pharmacy benefits managers, so as to provide for definitions; to require pharmacy benefits managers to calculate defined cost sharing for insureds at the point of sale; to provide for statutory construction; to provide for violations; to provide for limitations; to provide for annual reporting; to provide for confidentiality; to provide for related matters; to provide for a short title; to provide for an effective date and applicability; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Motor vehicles; standards for signs warning of use of automated traffic enforcement safety devices; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 14 of Title 40 of the O.C.G.A., relating to use of speed detection devices and red light cameras, so as to provide for standards for signs warning of the use of automated traffic enforcement safety devices; to amend Title 15 of the O.C.G.A., relating to courts, so as to authorize district attorneys, solicitors-general, and prosecuting attorneys to enforce civil monetary penalties relative to the enforcement of laws regarding speeding in a school zone using recorded images; to amend Code Section 40-6-163 of the O.C.G.A., relating to duty of driver of vehicle meeting or overtaking school bus, reporting of violations, and civil monetary penalty for violations captured by school bus camera, so as to revise penalties for failure to pay a civil monetary penalty relating to illegal passing of a school bus; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Barbers and cosmetologists; repeal Chapter 10 and enact a new chapter that reorganizes, modernizes, and clarifies current regulation. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 43 of the O.C.G.A., relating to professions and businesses, so as to repeal Chapter 10, relating to barbers and cosmetologists, and enact a new chapter that reorganizes, modernizes, and clarifies all aspects of the current regulation of the practice of barbering, esthetics, hair design, cosmetology, and nail care through the State Board of Cosmetology and Barbers; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Butts County; Magistrate Court; authorize assessment and collection of technology fee. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to authorize the assessment and collection of a technology fee by the Magistrate Court of Butts County; to identify the authorized uses of such technology fee; to provide for the termination of such technology fee and dedication of residual funds to technology uses; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Lottery for Education Act; administrative procedures regarding coin operated amusement machines shall be subject to Chapter 13 of Title 50; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 27 of Title 50 of the O.C.G.A., the "Georgia Lottery for Education Act," so as to provide that administrative procedures and actions regarding bona fide coin operated amusement machines shall be subject to Chapter 13 of Title 50; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Pike County; Probate Court; authorize assessment and collection of technology fee. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to authorize the assessment and collection of a technology fee by the Probate Court of Pike County; to identify the authorized uses of such technology fee; to provide for the termination of such technology fee and dedication of residual funds to technology uses; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Insurance; benefit provider to disclose certain payments to a treating healthcare provider; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 24 of Title 33 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to insurance generally, so as to provide for a benefit provider to disclose certain payments to a treating healthcare provider; to provide for a definition; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; to provide for an effective date; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Wrongful Conviction Compensation Act; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 4 of Chapter 5 of Title 28 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the Claims Advisory Board, so as to create the Wrongful Conviction Compensation Review Panel; to provide for a short title; to provide for applicability; to provide for definitions; to provide for the composition of such panel; to provide for the burden of proof and evidence to be considered by such panel; to provide for evaluation of claims by such panel; to provide for notice of claims, forms, and hearings; to provide for such panel to make recommendations to such board; to provide for payments; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: State holidays; September 11 as First Responders Appreciation Day; designate. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 4 of Title 1 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to holidays and observances, so as to designate September 11 of each year as "First Responders Appreciation Day" in Georgia; to provide legislative findings; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Local government; municipal deannexation; repeal certain provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 36 of Title 36 of the O.C.G.A., relating to municipal annexation of territory, so as to repeal certain provisions relating to authority, procedures, identification, and status of lands relative to municipal deannexation; to provide for municipal deannexation of property by application of 100 percent of property owners; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Guardian and ward; authority of conservator and cooperation with guardian or other interested parties; define gross settlement. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 29-5-23 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to authority of conservator and cooperation with guardian or other interested parties, so as to define the term "gross settlement"; to provide for related matters; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Safer Hospitals Act; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 2 of Chapter 5 of Title 16 of the O.C.G., relating to assault and battery and related offenses against persons, so as to provide for enhanced penalties for aggravated assault and aggravated battery committed upon emergency health workers and healthcare workers located on a hospital campus; to provide for a definition; to amend Title 31 of the O.C.G.A., relating to health; to provide for a short title; to provide for an effective date and applicability; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Insurance; annual notification by insurers to male insureds of coverage for prostate-specific antigen tests; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 33-29-3.2 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to individual accident and sickness insurance coverage for mammograms, Pap smears, and prostate-specific antigen tests, so as to provide for annual notification by insurers to male insureds of coverage for prostate-specific antigen tests; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Retirement and pensions; add appropriate references to United States Space Force. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 47 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to retirement and pensions, so as to add appropriate references to the United States Space Force; to make conforming changes; to provide conditions for an effective date and automatic repeal; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Floyd, Johnny; outstanding public service; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Johnny Floyd on his outstanding public service; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Early County; ad valorem tax for educational purposes; provide homestead exemption. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing a homestead exemption from Early County school district ad valorem taxes for educational purposes in the amount of $150,000.00 of the assessed value of the homestead for five years for residents of that school district who are 70 years of age or older, approved May 10, 2021 (Ga. L. 2021, p. 4267), as amended, so as to remove the expiration date of the exemption; to provide for a referendum, effective dates, and automatic repeal, mandatory execution of election, and judicial remedies regarding failure to comply; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Georgia Endowment for Teaching Professionals; create. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 12 of Title 50 of the O.C.G.A., relating to commissions and other agencies, so as to provide for the creation of the Georgia Endowment for Teaching Professionals to foster a public-private partnership for support of postsecondary teaching professionals in high demand courses, subjects, and disciplines; to provide for certain reports and audits; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Heard County; ad valorem tax for county and educational purposes; provide additional homestead exemption. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to provide for homestead exemptions from Heard County ad valorem taxes for county purposes and from Heard County School District ad valorem taxes for educational purposes for certain residents of that county and school district, approved April 13, 1992 (Ga. L. 1992, p. 6107), so as to provide an additional homestead exemption from school district taxes for educational purposes in the amount of $20,000.00 for residents of the school district who are 70 years of age or older; to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to provide for a referendum, effective dates, and automatic repeal, mandatory execution of election, and judicial remedies regarding failure to comply; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Oconee River Greenway Authority; add president of Georgia College and State University. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 12-3-402 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to creation, membership, compensation, qualifications, accountabilities, and assignment, so as to add the president of Georgia College and State University to the Oconee River Greenway Authority; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Education; water safety education information to parents of students under 18 years of age and to students 18 years of age and older; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Part 3 of Article 16 of Chapter 2 of Title 20 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to health of elementary and secondary school students, so as to require public schools and local school systems to provide water safety education information upon initial enrollment to parents and guardians of students under 18 years of age and directly to student 18 years of age and older; to provide for a definition; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Safe at Home Act; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 7 of Title 44 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to landlord and tenant, so as to provide for a duty of habitability for certain rental agreements; to provide for an exception to such duty; to provide for an exception to landlord tort liability; to provide for definitions; to provide for notice; to provide for a maximum security deposit amount; to provide for expedited evictions for certain criminal activity; to provide for a short title; to provide for applicability; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Georgia Public Service Commission; regulation of the provision of certain electricity used as a motor fuel in electric vehicles; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 2 of Chapter 2 of Title 46 and Chapter 1 of Title 10 of the O.C.G.A., relating to jurisdiction of and powers and duties of the Georgia Public Service Commission generally and selling and other trade practices, respectively, so as to provide for the regulation of the provision of certain electricity used as a motor fuel in electric vehicles; to provide for related matters; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Sales and use tax; exemption for competitive projects of regional significance; change sunset provision. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 48-8-3 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to exemptions from sales and use tax, so as to change the sunset provision for the exemption for competitive projects of regional significance; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Local government; authorize local authorities to dispose of real property in the same manner as county governing authorities. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 80 of Title 36 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to general provisions applicable to counties, municipal corporations, and other governmental entities, so as to authorize local authorities to dispose of real property in the same manner as county governing authorities; to provide for a definition; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Income tax; repeal a limitation on types of partnerships that may elect to pay income taxes at the entity level. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 7 of Title 48 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to income taxes, so as to repeal a limitation on the types of partnerships that may elect to pay income taxes at the entity level; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date and applicability; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Mental health; grant program to aid service members, veterans, and their families; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 1 of Title 37 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to governing and regulation of mental health, so as to provide for a grant program within the Department of Behavioral Health and Developmental Disabilities to provide behavioral health services to military service members, veterans, and their families; to provide for definitions; to provide for program qualification requirements; to provide for the adoption of rules and regulations; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Pharmacies; authorize qualified pharmacy technicians to administer certain vaccines. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 3 of Chapter 4 of Title 26 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the practice of pharmacy, so as to authorize qualified pharmacy technicians to administer certain vaccines; to provide for a definition; to provide for conditions; to provide for requirements for qualification; to provide requirements for the supervising pharmacist; to provide for rules and regulations; to provide for statutory construction; to amend Code Section 43-34-26.1 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to vaccine protocol agreements, so as to revise a provision regarding delegation of authority by a pharmacist; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Primary Care Association; Community Health Centers Day; February 23, 2023; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 23, 2023, as Community Health Centers Day and commending the Georgia Primary Care Association; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ware County; board of elections and registration; appointment of members; revise provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to create a board of elections and registration for Ware County and to provide for its powers and duties, approved May 4, 2006 (Ga. L. 2006, p. 4085), so as to revise provisions relating to the appointment of board members; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Special purpose local option sales tax; counties; provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Part 1 of Article 3 of Chapter 8 of Title 48 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to county special purpose local option sales tax, so as to remove provisions relating to the purpose of such tax in counties that also levy and collect an equalized homestead option sales tax; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Georgia Composite Medical Board; licensing for radiologist assistants; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 1 of Chapter 34 of Title 43 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the Georgia Composite Medical Board, so as to provide for the licensing of radiologist assistants; to provide for definitions; to provide for powers and responsibilities of the board; to provide that radiologists may use the services of licensed radiologist assistants; to prohibit certain practices by radiologist assistants; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Surface mining; revise maximum criminal penalties for violations. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Part 3 of Article 2 of Chapter 4 of Title 12 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to surface mining, so as to revise maximum criminal penalties for violations; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia State Indemnification Commission; abolish and authorize commissioner of administrative services to assume duties; provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 9 of Title 45 of the O.C.G.A., relating to insuring and indemnification of public officers and employees, so as abolish the Georgia State Indemnification Commission and authorize the commissioner of administrative services to assume the duties of said commission in the administration of the indemnification program and in considering appeals of initial decisions in order to correct errors in approving or denying any claims; to require the department to file a report regarding the indemnification program; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Education; authorize public and private schools to stock a supply of undesignated ready-to-use glucagon. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Part 3 of Article 16 of Chapter 2 of Title 20 of the O.C.G.A., relating to student health in elementary and secondary education, so as to authorize public and private schools to stock a supply of undesignated ready-to-use glucagon; to provide for a definition; to provide for requirements for the storage, maintenance, and distribution of undesignated ready-to-use glucagon; to provide for the authorized use of undesignated ready-to-use glucagon; to provide for arrangements with manufacturers; to provide for regulations; to amend Chapter 4 of Title 26 of the O.C.G.A., relating to pharmacists and pharmacies, so as to authorize certain healthcare practitioners to prescribe or dispense glucagon to an authorized entity for emergency purposes; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Property; revise when an action may operate as a lis pendens. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 9 of Chapter 14 of Title 44 of the O.C.G.A., relating to lis pendens, so as to revise when an action may operate as a lis pendens; to provide for related matters; to provide for applicability; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Atlanta FaZe; winning the 2023 Major II Call of Duty League Championship; Chris "Simp" Lehr being named MVP; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating Atlanta FaZe for winning the 2023 Major II Call of Duty League Championship and Chris "Simp" Lehr for being named MVP; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Public officers and employees; supplemental, illness-specific insurance for certain first responders with occupational post-traumatic stress disorder; require provision. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 45 of the O.C.G.A., relating to public officers and employees, so as to require the provision of supplemental, illness-specific insurance to certain first responders diagnosed with occupational post-traumatic stress disorder; to provide for legislative findings; to provide for definitions; to provide for certain insurance benefits to eligible first responders; to provide for limitations and restrictions of such benefits; to provide for methods of funding; to provide for treatment of premiums; to amend Code Section 48-7-27 of the O.C.G.A., relating to computation of Georgia taxable net income, so as to provide an exemption for benefits received from such insurance coverage for first responders; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Health; ambulance services pay annual license fee; repeal requirement. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 31 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to health, so as to repeal a requirement that every ambulance service pay an annual license fee; to repeal a requirement that ambulance service annual license fees be deposited into the Indigent Care Trust Fund; to provide for a conforming change; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Revenue and taxation; Internal Revenue Code and Internal Revenue Code of 1986; revise terms. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 48 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to revenue and taxation, so as to revise the terms "Internal Revenue Code" and "Internal Revenue Code of 1986" and thereby incorporate certain provisions of the federal law into Georgia law; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date and applicability; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Professions and businesses; professional programs to address career fatigue and wellness in healthcare professionals; provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 1 of Title 43 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to general provisions relative to professions and businesses, so as to provide that professional programs that are established to address career fatigue and wellness in healthcare professionals are not obligated to report to licensing boards except in certain circumstances; to provide for definitions; to provide for immunity; to provide that certain documents and information of professional programs are not discoverable; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Local government; increase term for municipal court judges from one year to two years; provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 1 of Chapter 32 of Title 36 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to general provisions regarding municipal courts, so as to increase the term for municipal court judges from one year to two years unless otherwise provided for in a municipality's charter; to provide for removal of municipal court judges for breach of contract; to provide for an effective date and applicability; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Camuso, Guy J., Jr.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Guy J. Camuso Jr.; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Agriculture; hemp farming; provide for intent. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 23 of Title 2 of the O.C.G.A., relating to hemp farming, so as to provide for intent; to amend Chapter 12 of Title 16 of the O.C.G.A., relating to offenses against public health and morals, so as to prohibit the purchase of, sale of, and the offering of samples of hemp products by or to any individual under the age of 21 years old; to provide for inspections, enforcement, and penalties for violations; to provide for venue; to provide for rules and regulations; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Courts; child's right to legal representation in legitimation cases; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to Chapter 11 of Title 15 of the O.C.G.A., relating to the juvenile code, so as to provide for a child's right to legal representation in legitimation cases; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Revenue and taxation; proceeds of local government regulatory fees be used to pay for regulatory activity and not general operations; require. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 1 of Chapter 13 of Title 48 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to general provisions regarding specific, business, and occupation taxes, so as to require that the proceeds of local government regulatory fees be used to pay for regulatory activity and not general operations; to revise the list of professions which may be subject to such regulatory fees; to remove certain provisions authorizing calculation of regulatory fees for renovation and other construction projects; to provide for refunds in certain circumstances; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Raise the Age Act; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 11 of Title 15 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the Juvenile Code, so as to enact the "Raise the Age Act"; to provide for an implementation committee; to provide for the powers, composition, and appointment of such committee; to change the jurisdiction of the juvenile court to include certain children who are 17 years of age; to amend Titles 15, 16, 17, 27, 37, 42, and 49 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to courts, crimes and offenses, criminal procedure, game and fish, mental health, penal institutions, and social services, respectively, so as to make conforming cross-references; to provide for effective dates and automatic repeal under certain circumstances; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Butler, City of; change description of council districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to provide a new charter for the City of Butler, approved March 24, 1988 (Ga. L. 1988, p. 4202), as amended, particularly by an Act approved April 6, 1992 (Ga. L. 1992, p. 5585), so as to change the description of the council districts; to eliminate one post from Council District 2; to provide for one member of the city council to be elected at large citywide; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for manner of election; to provide for the continuation in office of current members; to provide for related matters; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Georgia Candor Act; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 12 of Title 24 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to medical and other confidential information, so as to allow for voluntary open communications related to healthcare under rules of evidence; to provide for definitions; to provide that certain open communications shall not be subject to future disclosure; to provide for a short title; to provide for related matters; to amend Chapter 33 of Title 31 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to health records, so as to revise definitions; to revise provisions relating to the furnishing of copies of health records; to revise provisions relating to the costs of furnishing health records; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Employees' Retirement System of Georgia; allow certain sworn law enforcement officers to be eligible for retirement benefits at age 55; provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 2 of Title 47 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the Employees' Retirement System of Georgia, so as to allow sworn law enforcement officers serving in and the commissioner and deputy commissioner of the Motor Carrier Compliance Division and the Capitol Police Division of the Department of Public Safety to be eligible for regular retirement benefits at the age of 55 years, certain disability benefits, and certain provisions for purchasing creditable service; to provide conditions for an effective date and automatic repeal; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Code Revision Commission; revise, modernize and correct errors in omissions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, so as to revise, modernize, correct errors or omissions in, and reenact the statutory portion of said Code, as amended, in furtherance of the work of the Code Revision Commission; to repeal portions of said Code, or Acts in amendment thereof, which have become obsolete, have been declared to be unconstitutional, or have been preempted or superseded by subsequent laws; to codify principles of law derived from decisions of the state Supreme Court; to provide for other matters relating to revision, reenactment, and publication of said Code; to provide for effect in event of conflicts; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Workers' compensation; benefits; change certain provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 9 of Title 34 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to workers' compensation, so as to change certain provisions related to workers' compensation benefits; to change provisions relating to surviving spouse dependency determination and termination; to increase the compensation benefits for total disability and temporary partial disability; to increase the total compensation payable to a surviving spouse as a sole dependent at the time of death; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date and applicability; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Public Retirement Systems Investment Authority Law; provide for a fiduciary duty. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 7 of Chapter 20 of Title 47 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, the "Public Retirement Systems Investment Authority Law," so as to provide for a fiduciary duty to invest retirement assets solely in the financial interest of participants and their beneficiaries; to provide for duties; to provide for delegation of duties; to provide for objective; to provide for conformance; to provide for a definition; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Income tax; tax credits for establishing or relocating quality jobs; provide clarification. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 7 of Title 48 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to income taxes, so as to provide for clarification, with respect to an income tax credit for establishing or relocating quality jobs; to provide that the definition of taxpayer in paragraph (a)(7) of Code Section 48-7-40.17, which became effective January 1, 2016, includes taxpayers exempt from tax pursuant to Code Section 48-7-25 only to the extent that a trade or business operated by such organization generates unrelated business income; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date and applicability; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hartwell, City of; corporate boundaries; revise provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to provide a new charter for the City of Hartwell, approved April 6, 1992 (Ga. L. 1992, p. 5476), as amended, so as to revise provisions related to its corporate boundaries; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Professions and businesses; verification of competency for registered professional nursing licenses; revise a provision. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 43-26-9 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to renewal, surrender, and restoration of registered professional nursing licenses and continuing competency requirements, so as to revise a provision regarding verification of competency; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Funeral directors and embalmers; reinstatement of lapsed license; change certain provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Part 3 of Article 1 of Chapter 18 of Title 43 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to licenses for funeral directors and embalmers, so as to change certain provisions related to the reinstatement of a lapsed funeral director's license; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Domestic relations; authorize child support and insurance policies for certain disabled children; provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 1 of Chapter 6 of Title 19 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to general provisions regarding alimony and child support, so as to authorize child support and insurance policies for disabled children who have reached the age of majority but lack the ability to otherwise support themselves independently; to provide for a definition; to provide for an effective date and applicability; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Crimes and offenses; offense of arson of law enforcement vehicle; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 3 of Chapter 7 of Title 16 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to arson and explosives, so as to provide for the offense of arson of a law enforcement vehicle; to provide for a penalty; to amend Code Section 17-6-1 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to when offenses bailable, procedure, schedule of bails, and appeal bonds, so as to include the offense of arson of a law enforcement vehicle; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Cosmetic Laser Services Act; revise a definition; revise a provision. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 9 of Chapter 34 of Title 43 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, the "Georgia Cosmetic Laser Services Act," so as to revise a definition; to revise a provision relating to requirements for applicants for assistant laser practitioner licenses; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Education; exclude amounts attributable to level 1 freeport exemptions for purposes of calculating local five mill share. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 20-2-164 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to local five mill share funds, so as to exclude amounts attributable to level 1 freeport exemptions for purposes of calculating local five mill share; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Crimes and offenses; riot; provide for a felony penalty. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 16-11-30 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to riot, so as to provide for a felony penalty; to amend Code Section 17-6-1 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to when offenses bailable, procedure, schedule of bails, and appeal bonds, so as to include the offense of riot; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Lineman Appreciation Day at the state capitol; April 10, 2023; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Georgia's linemen and recognizing April 10, 2023, as Georgia Lineman Appreciation Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Crimes and offenses; orders be served on a respondent within 24 hours of the court's issuance of such order; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 16-5-94 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to restraining orders and protective orders, so as to provide that orders be served on a respondent within 24 hours of the court's issuance of such order; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Crimes and offenses; burglary; include an act of family violence. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 16-7-1 of Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to burglary, so as to include an act of family violence as an element of such offense; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Catoosa County; ad valorem tax; provide homestead exemption for unremarried surviving spouse. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to provide a homestead exemption from all Catoosa County School District ad valorem taxes for educational purposes in the amount of the full value of the homestead for certain residents of that school district who are 75 years of age or over, approved April 2, 1998 (Ga. L. 1998, p. 4051), so as to provide that the unremarried surviving spouse of a person granted the exemption provided for in this Act shall continue to receive such exemption following the death of the original grantee, provided that such surviving spouse is 70 years of age or older; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Housing Regulation Transparency Act; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 66 of Title 36 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to zoning procedures, so as to provide for the length and renewal of moratoriums related to zoning decisions; to provide for legislative findings; to provide procedures for the levy, collection, use, and waiver of fees related to zoning decisions and related permits; to revise notice and hearing requirements for certain zoning decisions; to provide a short title; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Transportation, Department of; increase minimum amount for a public road construction or maintenance contract that prohibits negotiation. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 4 of Chapter 2 of Title 32 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to exercise of the power to contract by the Department of Transportation, so as to increase the minimum amount for a public road construction or maintenance contract that prohibits negotiation; to provide for exceptions to public comment and hearing on projects involving public-private partnerships in certain instances; to provide for an exception to vote approval for such projects; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Choe, Hyeyoung; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Hyeyoung Choe; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Labor and industrial relations; employment security; change certain provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 34 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to labor and industrial relations, so as to change certain provisions relating to employment security; to extend certain provisions relating to the rate of employer contributions and variations from the standard rate; to provide for administrative assessments on wages; to provide for additional assessments for new or newly covered employers; to authorize the collection of administrative assessments; to provide for exceptions; to provide for the deposit, transfer, and appropriation of such assessments; to prohibit certain deductions; to provide for the promulgation of rules and regulations; to provide for construction; to provide for automatic repeal; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Emanuel County Public Facilities Authority Act; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to create the Emanuel County Public Facilities Authority; to provide that the authority is a body corporate and politic and an instrumentality of the State of Georgia; to authorize the authority to acquire, construct, equip, maintain, and operate certain projects, including buildings and facilities for use by Emanuel County, the Emanuel County School District, any municipality or other political subdivision located in Emanuel County, for its governmental, proprietary, and administrative functions; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Buildings and housing; tenant selection; revise provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 1 of Chapter 3 of Title 8 of the O.C.G.A., relating to housing authorities generally, so as to revise provisions relating to tenant selection; to amend Part 2 of Article 6 of Chapter 7 of Title 17 of the O.C.G.A., relating to demurrers, motions, and special pleas and exceptions relative to insanity and mental incompetency, so as to repeal provisions relating to proceedings upon a plea of mental incompetency to stand trial which were deemed unconstitutional and enact new provisions relating to the same subject; to amend Title 37 of the O.C.G.A., relating to mental health, so as to provide for the development of state level guidance to standardize terminology relating to serious mental illness; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Motor vehicles; issuance of Class C driver's license to operators of certain three-wheeled motor vehicles; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 40 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to motor vehicles and traffic, so as to provide for the issuance of a Class C driver's license to operators of certain three-wheeled motor vehicles; to exempt operators of certain three-wheeled motor vehicles from headgear and eye-protective device requirements; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Online Automatic Renewal Transparency Act; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 15 of Chapter 1 of Title 10 of the O.C.G.A., relating to deceptive or unfair trade practices, so as to enact the "Georgia Online Automatic Renewal Transparency Act"; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Insurance; minimum amounts of uninsured and underinsured coverage to be maintained by transportation network and taxi service companies; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Titles 33 and 40 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to insurance and motor vehicles and traffic, respectively, so as to provide for minimum amounts of uninsured and underinsured motorist coverage to be maintained by transportation network companies and taxi service companies; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date and applicability; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Civil practice; protective orders for certain high-ranking officers; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 5 of Chapter 11 of Title 9 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to depositions and discovery, so as to provide for protective orders for certain high-ranking officers; to provide for definitions; to amend Article 2 of Chapter 21 of Title 50 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to state tort claims, so as to provide for designees of state government entities for service of process for civil actions; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date and applicability; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Local government; provide investment policies. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 36 of the O.C.G.A., relating to local government, so as to provide for local government investment policies; to provide scope, investment objectives, and applicability; to amend Code Section 15-6-76.1, relating to investing or depositing funds and depositing funds paid into court registry, so as to update cross references; to amend Code Section 15-16-27, relating to deposit of cash bonds and reserves of professional bondspersons in interest-bearing accounts and disposition of interest, so as to update cross references; to amend Code Section 20-2-411, relating to school fund kept separate, use of funds, separation of school taxes, and investments, so as to authorize additional investment options; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Pike County; Magistrate Court; chief judge; provide nonpartisan elections. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide that future elections for the office of chief judge of the Magistrate Court of Pike County shall be nonpartisan elections; to provide for the sitting chief judge of the magistrate court to serve out his or her term of office; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Georgia Pharmacy Practice Act; pharmacy care; revise definition. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 26-4-5 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to definitions relative to the "Georgia Pharmacy Practice Act," so as to revise the definition of "pharmacy care"; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Early Literacy Act; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 2 of Title 20 of the O.C.G.A., relating to elementary and secondary education, so as to provide for the "Georgia Early Literacy Act"; to require the State Board of Education to approve high-quality instructional materials to be used for teaching students in kindergarten through third grade; to provide for definitions; to provide for legislative findings and intent; to provide for a short title; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Wilkes County; Probate Court judge also serves as chief magistrate judge of Magistrate Court; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide that the judge of the Probate Court of Wilkes County shall also serve as the chief magistrate judge of the Magistrate Court of Wilkes County on and after January 1, 2025; to provide for the continuation in office and expiration of term of the current chief magistrate judge; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Wilkes County; board of elections and registration; create. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to create a board of elections and registration for Wilkes County; to provide for related matters; to provide effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Sunny Side, City of; repeal Act to incorporate; transfer duties and obligations to Spalding County. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to repeal an Act to incorporate the City of Sunny Side, to provide a new charter for the government of said city, approved February 17, 1950 (Ga. L. 1950, p. 2626), as amended; to provide for transfer of duties and obligations to Spalding County; to provide for transfer of all legal rights, privileges, and assets to Spalding County; to establish a special tax and service district for outstanding bonded indebtedness and other obligations; to provide for transfer of all federal and state permits and licenses; to provide for the transfer of ongoing judicial actions; to provide for the continuation of zoning and land use regulations; to provide for future proceeds of special and regular local option sales taxes; to provide for the designation of the historic Sunny Side community; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Courts; six-person jury trials in civil actions; revise an exception. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 15-12-122 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to demand of jury panels from which to select jury in civil actions in the state courts and the superior courts, so as to revise an exception to six-person jury trials in civil actions; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date and applicability; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Agricultural Commodity Commission for Citrus Fruits; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 2 of Chapter 8 of Title 2 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to agricultural commodity commissions generally, so as to provide for an Agricultural Commodity Commission for Citrus Fruits; to provide for a definition; to provide for balloting for continued existence of said commission; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: East Dublin, City of; extend corporate limits. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to provide a new charter for the City of East Dublin, approved April 9, 1981 (Ga. L. 1981, p. 4645), as amended, particularly by an Act approved May 5, 2006 (Ga. L. 2006, p. 4402), so as to extend the corporate limits of the city; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Darien, City of; increase a residency requirement to one year. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing a new charter for the City of Darien, approved May 5, 2006 (Ga. L. 2006, p. 4328), as amended, so as to increase a residency requirement to one year; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Professions and businesses; authority to certain nurses and physician assistants to prescribe Schedule II controlled substances; authorize. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 34 of Title 43 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to physicians, assistants, and others, so as to authorize physicians to delegate the authority to advanced practice registered nurses and physician assistants to prescribe Schedule II controlled substances; provide for requirements; to provide for automatic approval of nurse protocol agreements and job descriptions under certain conditions; to provide for legislative findings; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Fair Employment Practices Act of 1978; provide hearing before an administrative law judge; change provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 2 of Chapter 19 of Title 45 of the O.C.G.A., the "Fair Employment Practices Act of 1978," so as to provide for hearing before an administrative law judge; to change provisions relating to the appointment of hearing officers; to provide for a definition; to provide the administrator of the Commission on Equal Opportunity with the power to order discovery; to change certain provisions relating to the filing, amending, and investigation of a complaint regarding an unlawful practice; to change provisions relating to an appeal seeking a review of a final order by a hearing officer and a review of a dismissal of a complaint by the administrator; to provide penalty for willful failure; to provide testimony or discovery; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Leatherwood, Bryce; winner of the twenty-second season of "The Voice" television series; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Bryce Leatherwood on being the winner of the twenty-second season of "The Voice" television series; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bryan County; State Court; judge shall serve in a full-time capacity; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act establishing the State Court of Bryan County (formerly the City Court of Pembroke), approved January 10, 1938 (Ga. L. 1937-38, Ex. Sess., p. 714), as amended, particularly by an Act approved April 3, 1972 (Ga. L. 1972, p. 3360), so as to provide that the judge of such court shall serve in a full-time capacity; to update provisions regarding the election and compensation of the judge; to authorize the appointment of judges pro tempore and judges pro hac vice; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Alzheimer's and Related Dementias State Plan; updated every four years; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 8 of Chapter 6 of Title 49 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to Alzheimer's and Related Dementias State Plan, so as to provide that the Georgia Alzheimer's and Related Dementias State Plan be updated every four years; to provide for a progress report between updates; to revise provisions relating to membership on the advisory council; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Audits and Accounts, Department of; revise deadlines, selection criteria, and required contents for certain annual economic analyses. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 28-5-41.1 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to economic analysis of certain tax benefits of law or proposed law, and analysis on performance and outcomes of Code Section 33-1-25, so as to revise the deadlines, selection criteria, and required contents for certain annual economic analyses conducted by the Department of Audits and Accounts; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Elections; rename Georgia Government Transparency and Campaign Finance Commission as the State Ethics Commission. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 5 of Title 21 of the O.C.G.A., relating to government transparency and campaign finance, so as to rename the Georgia Government Transparency and Campaign Finance Commission as the State Ethics Commission; to amend Code Sections 36-62-5 and 37-2-6.1 and Title 45 of the O.C.G.A., relating to development authority directors, officers, compensation, adoption of bylaws, delegation of powers and duties, conflicts of interest, and audits, community service boards, executive director, staff, budget, facilities, powers and duties, and exemption from state and local taxation, and public officers and employees, respectively, so as to provide for cross-references; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Health; prohibit certain health care providers and facilities from discriminating against potential organ transplant recipients due solely to their vaccine status. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 1 of Title 31 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to general provisions regarding health, so as to prohibit certain health care providers and facilities from discriminating against potential organ transplant recipients due solely to the vaccine status of the potential recipient; to provide for definitions; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Georgia Special Needs Scholarship Act; revise prior school year requirement. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 33 of Chapter 2 of Title 20 of the O.C.G.A., relating to the Georgia Special Needs Scholarship Act, so as to revise the prior school year requirement; to revise provisions for expedited completion of a student's first Individualized Education Program; to revise the requirement that students who previously qualified for the scholarship have an Individualized Education Program or Section 504 plan; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Carroll County; Board of Education; compensation of members; change provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing for the compensation and expenses of the chairperson and members of the Board of Education of Carroll County, approved March 25, 1986 (Ga. L. 1986, p. 4720), so as to change provisions relating to compensation of the members of the board; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, Inc. Day at the state capitol; February 20, 2023; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 20, 2023, as Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority Inc. Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Food, drugs, and cosmetics; authorize production and sale of homemade food items with certain exemptions, requirements, and disclosures. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 2 of Title 26 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to standards, labeling, and adulteration of food, so as to authorize the production and sale of homemade food items with certain exemptions, requirements, and disclosures; to provide for definitions; to provide for licensing and inspections; to provide for a civil penalty; to provide for conforming changes; to amend Chapter 60 of Title 36 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to general provisions applicable to counties and municipal corporations, so as to prohibit local regulation of homemade food items; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Haralson County; Probate Court; authorize assessment and collection of a technology fee. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to authorize the assessment and collection of a technology fee by the Probate Court of Haralson County; to identify the authorized uses of such technology fee; to provide for the termination of such technology fee and dedication of residual funds to technology needs; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Rabun County; Board of Education; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing for the election of the members of the Board of Education of Rabun County by the qualified electors of the Rabun County School District, approved March 13, 1978 (Ga. L. 1978, p. 3430), as amended, particularly by an Act approved March 20, 2012 (Ga. L. 2012, p. 4480), so as to change the description of the education districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for the continuation in office of current members; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Audits and Accounts, Department of; require certain financial disclosures from entities performing work related to fiscal notes. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 6 of Title 50 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the Department of Audits and Accounts, so as to require certain financial disclosures from entities performing work related to fiscal notes; to provide for reporting; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: DeKalb County; increase income cap on homestead exemption for citizens age 65 or older meeting certain income requirements; provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to provide that each resident of DeKalb County who is 65 years of age or over or disabled and whose net income together with the net income of the spouse and all members of the family who reside at the homestead of such resident does not exceed $15,000.00 per annum shall be granted an exemption from all DeKalb County ad valorem taxes, except county school district taxes, in the amount of $14,000.00 of the value of the homestead of such resident, approved March 15, 1988 (Ga. L. 1988, p. 4114), so as to increase the income cap on said homestead exemption to $37,500.00; to provide for mandatory execution of election and judicial remedies regarding failure to comply; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: DeKalb County; increase income cap on homestead exemption for citizens 62 years or older meeting certain income requirements; provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend a former local constitutional amendment (Ga. L. 1982, p. 2659), which former local constitutional amendment was continued in effect as statutory law pursuant to Article VII, Section II, Paragraph IV of the Constitution of Georgia and which provided that each resident of the DeKalb County School District who is 62 years of age or over or who is disabled and whose gross income, together with the gross income of the spouse and all members of the family who reside at and occupy the homestead of such resident, does not exceed $16,000.00 per annum shall be granted an exemption from all DeKalb County School District ad valorem taxes on $20,000.00 of the value of the homestead owned and occupied by such resident, so as to increase the income cap on said homestead exemption to $40,000.00; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: DeKalb County; increase income cap on homestead exemption for citizens 65 years or older meeting certain income requirements; provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to provide that each resident of the DeKalb County School District who is 65 years of age or over or disabled and whose net income together with the net income of the spouse and all members of the family who reside at the homestead of such resident does not exceed $15,000.00 per annum shall be granted an exemption from all DeKalb County School District ad valorem taxes in the amount of $14,000.00 of the value of the homestead of such resident, approved March 24, 1988 (Ga. L. 1988, p. 4160), as amended, so as to increase the income cap on said homestead exemption to $37,500.00; to provide for mandatory execution of election and judicial remedies regarding failure to comply; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Randolph County; Probate Court; authorize assessment and collection of a technology fee. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to authorize the assessment and collection of a technology fee by the Probate Court of Randolph County; to identify the authorized uses of such technology fee; to provide for the termination of such technology fee and dedication of residual funds to technology uses; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Andersonville, City of; provide new charter. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide a new charter for the City of Andersonville; to provide for sale and lease of city property; to provide for prior ordinances; to provide for existing personnel; to provide for pending matters; to provide for construction; to provide for severability; to repeal specific Acts; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Professions and businesses; certain boxing, wrestling, and martial art associations and federations; change certain provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 43 of the O.C.G.A., relating to professions and businesses, so as to change certain provisions relating to certain boxing, wrestling, and martial art associations and federations; to revise a definition; to change the applicability of certain provisions as to matches, contests, or exhibitions; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Martin, Town of; change number of city council members; provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to provide a new charter for the Town of Martin, approved March 18, 1980 (Ga. L. 1980, p. 3215), as amended, so as to change the number of city council members; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for special meetings; to provide for a quorum; to provide for an effective date; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Sandy Springs, City of; city council; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing for a new charter for the City of Sandy Springs in Fulton County, approved April 15, 2005 (Ga. L. 2005, p. 3515), as amended, so as to change the description of the election districts for the city council; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Education; revise definition of Zell Miller Scholarship Scholar by changing ACT score requirement for certain students. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Part 7 of Article 7 of Chapter 3 of Title 20 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to HOPE scholarships and grants, so as to revise the definition of "Zell Miller Scholarship Scholar" by changing the ACT score requirement for certain students; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Taylor County; Board of Commissioners; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing for the Board of Commissioners of Taylor County, approved March 1, 1933 (Ga. L. 1933, p. 672), as amended, so as to change the description of the commissioner districts; to define certain terms and provide for certain inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for related matters; to provide effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Taylor County; Board of Education; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act changing the number of members of the Board of Education of Taylor County, approved April 17, 1975 (Ga. L. 1975, p. 3486), as amended, so as to change the description of the education districts; to define certain terms and provide for certain inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for related matters; to provide effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Coweta County; State Court; add additional judge. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act continuing the State Court of Coweta County, approved May 17, 2004 (Ga. L. 2004, p. 4260), as amended, so as to add a judge to the court; to provide for an effective date; to provide for other matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Highways, bridges, and ferries; development and maintenance of a state-wide freight and logistics implementation plan; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 32 of the O.C.G.A., relating to highways, bridges, and ferries, so as to provide for the development and maintenance of a state-wide freight and logistics implementation plan; to provide for a definition; to provide for responsibilities and duties of the Planning Division and director; to provide for standards and considerations for such plan; to require annual reporting to the General Assembly; to provide for legislative intent and declarations; to provide for the creation of a Georgia Freight 2050 Program subject to appropriation by the General Assembly; to provide for purposes of such program; to identify intended funding for such program; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cook County; Board of Education; compensation of members; change provision. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing for election of the members of the board of education of Cook County, approved March 28, 1986 (Ga. L. 1986, p. 5499), as amended, particularly by an Act approved May 16, 2007 (Ga. L. 2007, p. 3528), so as to change the provision relating to the compensation of the members of the board; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bartow County; Chief Magistrate; cost-of-living adjustments to compensation; change provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing for the compensation of the chief magistrate of the Magistrate Court of Bartow County, approved March 18, 1985 (Ga. L. 1985, p. 3788), as amended, particularly by an Act approved April 26, 2016 (Ga. L. 2016, p. 3690), so as to change provisions relating to cost-of-living adjustments to the compensation of the chief magistrate; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bartow County; Tax Commissioner; longevity increases in compensation; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating the office of tax commissioner of Bartow County, approved March 17, 1958 (Ga. L. 1958, p. 2683), as amended, particularly by an Act approved March 22, 1990 (Ga. L. 1990, p. 4341), so as to provide for longevity increases in the compensation of the tax commissioner; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bartow County; ad valorem tax; increase homestead exemption to $15,000.00. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to provide a homestead exemption from certain Bartow County ad valorem taxes for county purposes in the amount of $5,000.00 of the assessed value of the homestead for certain residents of that county, approved March 24, 1994 (Ga. L. 1994, p. 4058), so as to increase the exemption to $15,000.00; to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to provide for a referendum, effective dates, and automatic repeal, mandatory execution of election and judicial remedies regarding failure to comply; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bartow County; Superior Court clerk; cost-of-living adjustments to compensation; change provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act placing certain of the county officers of Bartow County upon an annual salary, approved March 21, 1958 (Ga. L. 1958, p. 2866), as amended, particularly by an Act approved March 22, 1990 (Ga. L. 1990, p. 4334), and an Act approved April 26, 2016 (Ga. L. 2016, p. 3694), so as to change provisions relating to cost-of-living adjustments to the compensation of the clerk of the superior court; to provide longevity increases in the compensation of the judge of the probate court; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bartow County; Commissioner; change cost-of-living adjustment for compensation. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating the office of commissioner of Bartow County, approved July 28, 1924 (Ga. L. 1924, p. 276), as amended, particularly by an Act approved April 26, 2016 (Ga. L. 2016, p. 3681), so as to change the cost-of-living adjustment for the commissioner's compensation; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Coroners; full-time county employees; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 16 of Title 45 of the O.C.G.A., relating to coroners, so as to provide that coroners are full-time county employees; to set salaries of deputy coroners; to provide minimum salaries of coroners; to remove certain death investigation fees; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Swainsboro, City of; corporate limits; change provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act incorporating the City of Swainsboro, approved December 6, 1900 (Ga. L. 1900, p. 427), as amended, particularly by an Act approved April 18, 2022 (Ga. L. 2022, p. 5533), so as to change provisions relating to the corporate limits of the city to deannex certain properties; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Decatur, City of; ad valorem tax; municipal purposes; modify homestead exemption. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing a homestead exemption from certain City of Decatur ad valorem taxes, approved April 19, 2000 (Ga. L. 2000, p. 4285), as amended, particularly by an Act approved April 26, 2016 (Ga. L. 2016, p. 3627), so as to modify the amount of a homestead exemption from City of Decatur ad valorem taxes for municipal purposes except for ad valorem taxes levied to pay interest on and to retire municipal bonded indebtedness in the amount of $40,000.00 of the assessed value of the homestead for residents of that city; to provide for applicability; to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to provide for a referendum, effective dates, automatic repeal, mandatory execution of election, and judicial remedies regarding failure to comply; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Decatur, City of; ad valorem tax; modify homestead exemption. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing certain homestead exemptions from City of Decatur ad valorem taxes for certain residents of said city, approved March 27, 1985 (Ga. L. 1985, p. 4140), as amended, particularly by an Act approved April 26, 2016 (Ga. L. 2016, p. 3630), so as to modify the amount of the homestead exemption from $10,000.00 to $15,000.00 for residents of such city who are 65 years of age or older; to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to provide for a referendum, effective dates, automatic repeal, mandatory execution of election, and judicial remedies regarding failure to comply; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Decatur, City of; ad valorem tax; municipal purposes; provide new homestead exemption. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide for a new homestead exemption from City of Decatur ad valorem taxes for municipal purposes in the amount of $40,000.00 for each resident of the City of Decatur who resides upon real property subject to a written lease having an initial term of not less than 99 years with a landlord that is an entity exempt from taxation under Section 501(c)(3) of the federal Internal Revenue Code and who owns all improvements located on the real property; to provide for related matters; to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to provide for a referendum, effective dates, and automatic repeal, mandatory execution of election, and judicial remedies regarding failure to comply; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Decatur, City of; ad valorem tax; homestead exemption; increase assessed value. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing a homestead exemption from City of Decatur ad valorem taxes for certain residents of said city, approved April 26, 2016 (Ga. L. 2016, p. 3636), so as to increase to $25,000.00 the amount of the assessed value of the homestead for residents of such city who are 62 years of age or older and whose income does not exceed $60,000.00; to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to provide for a referendum, effective dates, automatic repeal, mandatory execution of election, and judicial remedies regarding failure to comply; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Fulton County; Probate Court; authorize assessment and collection of a technology fee. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to authorize the assessment and collection of a technology fee by the Probate Court of Fulton County; to identify the authorized uses of such technology fee; to provide for the termination of such technology fee and dedication of residual funds to technology uses; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cherokee County; Board of Elections and Registration; establish. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to establish the board of elections and registration for Cherokee County, Georgia; to provide for effective dates and automatic repeal; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Georgia Judicial Retirement System; certain state court judges of Fulton County participating in other retirement systems; repeal prohibitions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 23 of Title 47 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the Georgia Judicial Retirement System, so as to repeal prohibitions against certain state court judges of Fulton County participating in other public retirement systems; to provide for related matters; to provide conditions for an effective date and automatic repeal; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cherokee County; Board of Elections; abolition on a date certain; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to create the board of elections and registration for Cherokee County, approved April 4, 1991 (Ga. L. 1991, p. 3830), as amended, so as to provide for abolition of the board on a date certain; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Sylvester, City of; municipal court; levy and collect a technology fee. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to provide a new charter for the City of Sylvester, approved May 13, 2008 (Ga. L. 2008, p. 4219), as amended, so as to authorize the municipal court to levy and collect a technology fee; to provide for authorized uses of the proceeds of such fee; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Floyd County; Board of Education; provide compensation of members. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing for the compensation of the members of the County Board of Education of Floyd County, approved March 18, 1959 (Ga. L. 1959, p. 3203), as amended, particularly by an Act approved April 2, 2019 (Ga. L. 2019, p. 3618), so as to provide for the compensation of the members of such board of education; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Gravley, Micah; outstanding public service; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Micah Gravley on his outstanding public service; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: No Patient Left Alone Act; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 7 of Title 31 of the O.C.G.A., relating to regulation and construction of hospitals and other health care facilities, so as to establish certain rights of minors and adults admitted to hospitals; to provide for definitions; to authorize hospitals and long-term care facilities to limit or restrict visitation in certain circumstances; to authorize hospitals and long-term care facilities to require visitors to wear personal protective equipment; to provide for statutory construction; to provide that certain rights may not be waived or terminated; to require hospitals and long-term care facilities to post certain information on their websites; to prohibit certain actions by state agencies against hospitals and long-term care facilities; to provide for a short title; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lone Oak, Town of; provide new charter. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide a new charter for the Town of Lone Oak; to repeal specific Acts; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Sugar Hill, City of; ad valorem tax; increase homestead exemption to $10,000.00. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing a homestead exemption from all City of Sugar Hill ad valorem taxes for any city purposes in the amount of $2,000.00 of the assessed value of the homestead for residents of said city who are 65 years of age or over, approved March 25, 1994 (Ga. L. 1994, p. 4194), so as to increase the exemption from $2,000.00 to $10,000.00; to provide for applicability; to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to provide for a referendum, effective dates, automatic repeal, mandatory execution of election, and judicial remedies regarding failure to comply; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Quitman County; Probate Court; authorize assessment and collection of technology fee. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to authorize the assessment and collection of a technology fee by the Probate Court of Quitman County; to identify the authorized uses of such technology fee; to provide for the termination of such technology fee and dedication of residual funds to technology uses; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Sugar Hill, City of; ad valorem tax; increase homestead exemption to $10,000.00. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing a homestead exemption from all City of Sugar Hill ad valorem taxes for city purposes in the amount of $2,000.00 of the assessed value of the homestead for residents of said city, excluding land in excess of one acre, approved April 4, 1991 (Ga. L. 1991, p. 4675), so as to increase the exemption from $2,000.00 to $10,000.00; to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to provide for a referendum, effective dates, automatic repeal, mandatory execution of election, and judicial remedies regarding failure to comply; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Sugar Hill, City of; ad valorem tax; provide homestead exemption. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide a homestead exemption from the City of Sugar Hill ad valorem taxes for municipal purposes in the amount of $10,000.00 of the assessed value of the homestead for residents of that city whose income does not exceed $10,000.00 per annum and who are disabled or who are 62 years of age or older; to provide for definitions; to specify the terms and conditions of the exemption and the procedures relating thereto; to provide for applicability; to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to provide for a referendum, effective dates, automatic repeal, mandatory execution of election, and judicial remedies regarding failure to comply; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Riceboro, City of; residency requirements for candidacy for office or mayor or councilmember; revise provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to provide a new charter for the City of Riceboro, approved February 19, 1992 (Ga. L. 1992, p. 4614), as amended, so as to revise provisions relating to residency requirements for candidacy for the office of mayor or councilmember; to provide for election by plurality; to revise provisions relating to filling vacancies in the office of mayor or councilmember; to provide for compensation of the mayor pro tempore when serving as mayor; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ben Hill County; Board of Education; modify compensation of members. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to provide for the compensation of the chairperson and members of the Board of Education of Ben Hill County, approved March 22, 1990 (Ga. L.1990, p. 4435), as amended, so as to modify the compensation of the members of the Board of Education of Ben Hill County; to provide for related matters; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Clayton County; Board of Commissioners; provide code of ethics; establish board of ethics. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating the Clayton County Board of Commissioners, approved February 8, 1955 (Ga. L. 1955, p. 2064), as amended, so as to provide a code of ethics; to establish a board of ethics; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Seminole County; Probate Court; authorize assessment and collection of technology fee. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to authorize the assessment and collection of a technology fee by the Probate Court of Seminole County; to identify the authorized uses of such technology fee; to provide for the termination of such technology fee and dedication of residual funds to technology uses; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Seminole County; Magistrate Court; authorize assessment and collection of technology fee. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to authorize the assessment and collection of a technology fee by the Magistrate Court of Seminole County; to identify the authorized uses of such technology fee; to provide for the termination of such technology fee and dedication of residual funds to technology uses; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Early County; Magistrate Court; authorize assessment and collection of a technology fee. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to authorize the assessment and collection of a technology fee by the Magistrate Court of Early County; to identify the authorized uses of such technology fee; to provide for the termination of such technology fee and dedication of residual funds to technology uses; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Early County; Probate Court; authorize assessment and collection of technology fee. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to authorize the assessment and collection of a technology fee by the Probate Court of Early County; to identify the authorized uses of such technology fee; to provide for the termination of such technology fee and dedication of residual funds to technology uses; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Miller County; Magistrate Court; authorize assessment and collection of technology fee. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to authorize the assessment and collection of a technology fee by the Magistrate Court of Miller County; to identify the authorized uses of such technology fee; to provide for the termination of such technology fee and dedication of residual funds to technology uses; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Miller County; Probate Court; authorize assessment and collection of technology fee. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to authorize the assessment and collection of a technology fee by the Probate Court of Miller County; to identify the authorized uses of such technology fee; to provide for the termination of such technology fee and dedication of residual funds to technology uses; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Baker County; Magistrate Court; authorize assessment and collection of technology fee. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to authorize the assessment and collection of a technology fee by the Magistrate Court of Baker County; to identify the authorized uses of such technology fee; to provide for the termination of such technology fee and dedication of residual funds to technology uses; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Baker County; Probate Court; authorize assessment and collection of technology fee. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to authorize the assessment and collection of a technology fee by the Probate Court of Baker County; to identify the authorized uses of such technology fee; to provide for the termination of such technology fee and dedication of residual funds to technology uses; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Wilson, Bobby; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Bobby Wilson; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Elbert County; Board of Commissioners; revise provisions relating to filling vacancies. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing for a Board of Commissioners for the County of Elbert, approved February 27, 1875 (Ga. L. 1875, p. 253), as amended, particularly by an Act approved May 5, 2005 (Ga. L. 2005, p. 3731), so as to revise provisions relating to filling vacancies on said board; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: DeKalb County; certain judges, judicial and county officers; revise compensation. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing for the compensation of certain county officers and officials of DeKalb County, approved March 31, 1976 (Ga. L. 1976, p. 3986), as amended, so as to revise the compensation of certain judges, judicial officers, and county officers; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Thomaston, City of; provide new charter. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide a new charter for the City of Thomaston; to provide for related matters; to repeal a specific Act; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Smyrna, City of; annexation of certain territory; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating a new charter for the City of Smyrna, approved August 27, 1931 (Ga. L. 1931, p. 955), as amended, so as to provide for the annexation of certain territory into the boundaries of the city; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dooly County; Board of Commissioners; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating the Board of Commissioners of Dooly County, approved August 18, 1913 (Ga. L. 1913, p. 373), as amended, so as to change the description of the commissioner districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Social Circle, City of; city councilmembers; reapportion election districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to provide a new charter for the City of Social Circle, approved May 5, 2005 (Ga. L. 2005, p. 3627), as amended, so as to reapportion the city councilmembers election districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dooly County; Board of Education; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act establishing the membership of the Board of Education of Dooly County, approved April 6, 1967 (Ga. L. 1967, p. 2922), as amended, so as to change the description of the education districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members for the remainder of the terms to which they were elected; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Buford, City of; adopt by reference a certain map. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing a new charter for the City of Buford, approved June 3, 2003 (Ga. L. 2003, p. 4622), as amended, particularly by an Act approved May 6, 2019 (Ga. L. 2019, p. 4082), so as to adopt by reference a certain map; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Savannah, City of; Chatham County; Board of Education; modify compensation of members. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act governing the school system of the City of Savannah and Chatham County, approved March 21, 1968 (Ga. L. 1968, p. 2636), as amended, particularly by an Act approved May 5, 2006 (Ga. L. 2006, p. 4632), so as to modify the compensation of members of the Board of Public Education for the City of Savannah and the County of Chatham; to provide for applicability and an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Savannah, City of; implement a limitation on number of terms the aldermen may serve. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act amending the several Acts relating to and incorporating the Mayor and Aldermen of the City of Savannah, approved March 17, 1978 (Ga. L. 1978, p. 3998), as amended, particularly by an Act approved March 20, 1990 (Ga. L. 1990, p. 3995), so as to implement a limitation on the number of terms the aldermen may serve; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Milton, City of; mayor and councilmembers; modify provisions related to compensation. Description: A BILL To be entitled an Act to amend an Act incorporating the City of Milton in Fulton County, Georgia, approved March 29, 2006 (Ga. L. 2006, p. 3554), as amended, so as to modify provisions related to the compensation of the mayor and councilmembers; to provide for related matters; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Milton, City of; city council; change description of election districts. Description: A BILL To be entitled an Act to amend an Act to incorporate the City of Milton in Fulton County, Georgia, approved March 29, 2006 (Ga. L. 2006, p. 3554), as amended, so as to change the description of the election districts for the city council; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for manner of election; to provide for the continuation in office of current members; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Coweta County; Board of Education; provide compensation. Description: A BILL To be entitled an Act to provide for the compensation of the Coweta County Board of Education; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ellijay, City of; levy an excise tax. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to authorize the governing authority of the City of Ellijay to levy an excise tax pursuant to subsection (b) of Code Section 48-13-51 of the O.C.G.A.; to provide procedures, conditions, and limitations; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Forsyth, City of; powers of city manager; revise provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to provide a new charter for the City of Forsyth, approved May 5, 2015 (Ga. L. 2015, p. 3542), so as to revise provisions related to the powers of the city manager related to appointment of department heads; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Schley County; board of elections and registration; create. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to create a board of elections and registration for Schley County; to provide for its powers and duties; to provide for definitions; to provide for the composition of the board and the selection, qualifications, terms, and removal of members; to provide for vacancies; to provide for oaths and privileges; to provide for the conduct of primaries and elections; to provide for meetings; to authorize the conduct of municipal elections; to allow for joint primaries; to authorize expenditure of public funds; to provide compensation for board members and staff; to provide for offices, supplies, and other materials; to provide for the transfer of powers, duties, facilities, and personal property; to provide for related matters; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Gwinnett County; ad valorem tax; increase homestead exemption to $8,000.00. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to provide a homestead exemption of $4,000.00 from all county school district ad valorem taxation, except taxes levied to retire bonded indebtedness, which applies to the homestead of each resident of the Gwinnett County school district actually occupied by the owner as a residence and homestead, approved March 24, 1988 (Ga. L. 1988, p. 4199), so as to increase said homestead exemption to $8,000.00; to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to provide for a referendum, effective dates, and automatic repeal; to provide for mandatory execution of election and judicial remedies regarding failure to comply; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Polk County; board of elections and registration; expand board to five members. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to create a board of elections and registration for Polk County and provide for its powers and duties, approved March 30, 1989 (Ga. L. 1989, p. 4652), so as to expand the board from three to five members; to provide for the appointment and terms of board members; to provide for the nomination of certain board members; to update provisions relating to filling vacancies on the board; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Rossville, City of; mayor or councilperson; provide method of filling vacancies. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to create a new charter for the City of Rossville, approved March 22, 1974 (Ga. L. 1974, p. 2819), as amended, so as to provide for the method of filling vacancies of the mayor or councilperson; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Franklin County; Board of Education; provide for compensation. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act relative to the Board of Education of Franklin County, approved April 12, 1982 (Ga. L. 1982, p. 3753), as amended, so as to provide for the compensation of the board; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: National Therapy Animal Day; April 30, 2023; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing April 30, 2023, as National Therapy Animal Day; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cave Spring, City of; revise and modernize charter. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to reincorporate the City of Cave Spring, approved April 28, 1969 (Ga. L. 1969, p. 3872), as amended, so as to revise and modernize the charter of such city; to abolish the office of mayor; to create the office of city manager; to provide for powers and duties of the city council and the city manager; to provide for related matters; to provide for the continuation in office of current members; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Forsyth County; ad valorem tax for educational purposes; provide homestead exemption. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide for a homestead exemption from Forsyth County school district ad valorem taxes for educational purposes, through tax year 2035, in an amount equal to the amount by which the current year assessed value of a homestead exceeds the adjusted base year assessed value of such homestead; to provide for definitions; to specify the terms and conditions of the exemption and the procedures relating thereto; to provide for related matters; to provide for applicability; to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to provide for a referendum, effective dates, automatic repeal, mandatory execution of election, and judicial remedies regarding failure to comply; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Savannah, City of; levy an excise tax. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to authorize the governing authority of the City of Savannah to levy an excise tax pursuant to subsection (b) of Code Section 48-13-51 of the O.C.G.A.; to provide procedures, conditions, and limitations; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Randolph County; Magistrate Court; authorize assessment and collection of technology fee. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to authorize the assessment and collection of a technology fee by the Magistrate Court of Randolph County; to identify the authorized uses of such technology fee; to provide for the termination of such technology fee and dedication of residual funds to technology uses; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cobb County; State Court; change compensation of judges. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating the State Court of Cobb County, approved March 26, 1964 (Ga. L. 1964, p. 3211), as amended, particularly by an Act approved June 30, 2020 (Ga. L. 2020, p. 3869), so as to change the compensation of judges of the State Court of Cobb County; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Acworth, City of; adopt by reference a certain map. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to reincorporate and provide a new charter for the City of Acworth, approved February 17, 1989 (Ga. L. 1989, p. 3512), as amended, particularly by an Act approved June 29, 2020 (Ga. L. 2020, p. 3520), so as to adopt by reference a certain map; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: McIntosh County; Board of Education; modify compensation of chairperson and members. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing a method of compensating the chairperson and members of the board of education of McIntosh County, approved March 14, 1980 (Ga. L. 1980, p. 3112), as amended, particularly by an Act approved March 29, 1984 (Ga. L. 1984, p. 5231), and by an Act approved April 10, 1998 (Ga. L. 1998, p. 4442), so as to modify the compensation of the chairperson and members of the board of education of McIntosh County; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Thomson, City of; mayor and city councilmembers; provide staggered elections. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating a new charter for the City of Thomson, approved March 15, 1973 (Ga. L. 1973, p. 2132), as amended, so as to provide for staggered elections of the mayor and city councilmembers; to provide for initial terms; to modernize provisions regarding elections; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Walton County; Board of Commissioners; powers and compensation of chairperson; revise provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating a Board of Commissioners of Walton County, approved August 1, 1929 (Ga. L. 1929, p. 747), as amended, so as to revise provisions related to the powers and compensation of the chairperson; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Walton County; Board of Commissioners; chairperson; reduce base salary and clarify compensation. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing for a change in the compensation of certain Walton County officers, approved March 23, 1977 (Ga. L. 1977, p. 3924), as amended, particularly by an Act approved April 9, 1996 (Ga. L. 1996, p. 4362), so as to reduce the base salary for the chairperson of the Board of Commissioners of Walton County and to otherwise clarify the compensation to be paid to said chairperson; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: White Cane Awareness Day; October 15, 2023; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing October 15, 2023, as White Cane Awareness Day; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Webster County; Board of Commissioners; clarify governing authority is the Unified Government of Webster County. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to repeal an Act to create a board of commissioners of Webster County, approved April 4, 1991 (Ga. L. 1991, p. 3559), as amended; to thereby clarify that the governing authority of said county is the Unified Government of Webster County, Georgia; to provide for the devolution of all assets and obligations of said board of commissioners to the Unified Government of Webster County, Georgia; to provide for other related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Brookhaven, City of; DeKalb County; modify amount of base year homestead exemption. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to incorporate the City of Brookhaven in DeKalb County, approved April 16, 2012 (Ga. L. 2012, p. 5527), as amended, particularly by an Act approved on May 7, 2013 (Ga. L. 2013, p. 4439), so as to modify the amount of the base year homestead exemption; to provide for definitions; to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to provide for a referendum, effective dates, automatic repeal, mandatory execution of election, and judicial remedies regarding failure to comply; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Columbia County; Board of Elections; revise provisions for appointment and nomination of board members. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to create a board of elections for Columbia County and to provide for its powers and duties, approved March 23, 1993 (Ga. L. 1993, p. 4180), as amended, so as to revise provisions for the appointment of board members; to provide for the nomination of certain potential board members; to update provisions relating to the certification of such appointments; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: DeKalb County; tax commissioner; election and filling of vacancies; change certain provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to abolish the offices of tax-receiver and tax-collector of DeKalb County, Georgia, and to create the office of County Tax-Commissioner of DeKalb County, Georgia, approved August 18, 1927 (Ga. L. 1927, p. 558), as amended, so as to change certain provisions relating to the election and filling of vacancies for the office of tax commissioner; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Quitman County; Magistrate Court; authorize assessment and collection of technology fee. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to authorize the assessment and collection of a technology fee by the Magistrate Court of Quitman County; to identify the authorized uses of such technology fee; to provide for the termination of such technology fee and dedication of residual funds to technology uses; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Richmond County; letting contracts and opening bids; revise provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act regulating public instruction for the County of Richmond, approved August 23, 1872 (Ga. L. 1872, p. 456), as amended, particularly by an Act approved April 19, 2000 (Ga. L. 2000, p. 4077), so as to revise provisions relating to letting contracts and opening bids; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Preston, City of; clarify that the territory formerly included within the boundaries of the city is subject to governance by the Unified Government of Webster County. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to repeal an Act to provide a new charter for the City of Preston in the County of Webster, approved May 17, 2004 (Ga. L. 2004, p. 4127), as amended; to thereby clarify that the territory formerly included within the boundaries of the city is subject to governance by the governing authority of the Unified Government of Webster County, Georgia; to provide for the devolution of all assets and obligations of the City of Preston to the Unified Government of Webster County, Georgia; to provide for other related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hiawassee, City of; levy an excise tax. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to authorize the governing authority of the City of Hiawassee to levy an excise tax pursuant to subsection (b) of Code Section 48-13-51 of the O.C.G.A.; to provide procedures, conditions, and limitations; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ben Hill County; board of elections and registration; appointment of board members; revise provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to create a board of elections and registration for Ben Hill County, approved April 13, 1994 (Ga. L. 1994, p. 4989), so as to revise provisions relating to the appointment of board members; to revise provisions relating to filling vacancies on the board; to revise provisions as to the compensation of board members; to redesignate the chief executive officer of the board; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Commission of the Unified Government of Webster County; readopt and revise laws. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to readopt and revise the laws pertaining to the Commission of the Unified Government of Webster County, Georgia; to provide for statutes as a municipal corporation and county; to provide for powers of the unified government; to provide for tax districts; to provide for the commission; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Greene County Community Improvement Districts Act; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide for the creation of one or more community improvement districts in Greene County; provide for the dissolution and reactivation of districts under certain conditions; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cobb County; State Court; change salary of chief deputy clerk and clerk. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating the State Court of Cobb County, approved March 26, 1964 (Ga. L. 1964, p. 3211), as amended, particularly by an Act approved May 2, 2022 (Ga. L. 2022, p. 6017), so as to change the salary of the chief deputy clerk and the clerk of the State Court of Cobb County; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hinesville, City of; levy an excise tax. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to authorize the governing authority of the City of Hinesville to levy an excise tax pursuant to subsection (b) of Code Section 48-13-51 of the O.C.G.A.; to provide procedures, conditions, and limitations; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Clay County; Magistrate Court; authorize assessment and collection of technology fee. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to authorize the assessment and collection of a technology fee by the Magistrate Court of Clay County; to identify the authorized uses of such technology fee; to provide for the termination of such technology fee and dedication of residual funds to technology uses; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hart County; Board of Education; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to reconstitute the Board of Education of Hart County and provide for its powers, duties, rights, obligations, and liabilities, approved March 30, 1993 (Ga. L. 1993, p. 4215), as amended, so as to change the description of the education districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hart County; Board of Commissioners; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to create the Board of Commissioners of Hart County, approved March 30, 1993 (Ga. L. 1993, p. 4232), as amended, so as to change the description of the commissioner districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Gwinnett County; ad valorem tax; additional homestead exemption of $2000.00 for certain public service employees. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide an additional homestead exemption from Gwinnett County school district ad valorem taxes for educational purposes in the amount of $2,000.00 of the assessed value of the homestead for residents of that school district who are certain public service employees; to provide for definitions; to specify the terms and conditions of the exemption and the procedures relating thereto; to provide for applicability; to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to provide for a referendum, effective dates, automatic repeal, mandatory execution of election, and judicial remedies regarding failure to comply; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Haralson County; Magistrate Court; authorize assessment and collection of technology fee. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to authorize the assessment and collection of a technology fee by the Magistrate Court of Haralson County; to identify the authorized uses of such technology fee; to provide for the termination of such technology fee and dedication of residual funds to technology needs; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: City of Watkinsville Public Facilities Authority Act; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to create the City of Watkinsville Public Facilities Authority; to confer powers and impose duties on the authority; to provide for the membership and the appointment of members of the authority and their terms of office, qualifications, duties, powers, and compensation; to provide for vacancies, organization, meetings, and expenses; to provide for definitions; to provide for the issuance and sale of revenue bonds and other obligations and their negotiability, sale, and use of proceeds from such sales; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cohutta, City of; ad valorem tax; municipal purposes; provide new homestead exemption. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide for a new homestead exemption from City of Cohutta ad valorem taxes for municipal purposes in the amount of $60,000.00 for each resident of the City of Cohutta who is 65 years of age or older and whose income does not exceed $40,000.00; to provide for definitions; to specify the terms and conditions of the exemption and the procedures relating thereto; to provide for applicability; to provide for related matters; to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to provide for a referendum, effective dates, and automatic repeal, mandatory execution of election, and judicial remedies regarding failure to comply; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Oconee County; ad valorem tax; repeal a homestead exemption. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to provide a homestead exemption from Oconee County ad valorem taxes for the full value of the homestead for residents of that county who are 65 years of age or over and whose gross household income exceeds $40,000.00, approved May 4, 2006 (Ga. L. 2006, p. 4132), so as to repeal such exemption; to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to provide for a referendum, effective dates, automatic repeal, mandatory execution of election, and judicial remedies regarding failure to comply; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Whitfield County; ad valorem tax for educational purposes; revise homestead exemption. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing a homestead exemption from Whitfield County School District ad valorem taxes for educational purposes in the amount of $150,000.00 of the assessed value of the homestead for certain residents of that school district who are 70 years of age or over, approved June 3, 2003 (Ga. L. 2003, p. 4538), so as to revise the exemption amount; to specify the terms and conditions of the exemption; to provide for applicability; to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to provide for a referendum, effective dates, automatic repeal, mandatory execution of election, and judicial remedies regarding failure to comply; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Whitfield County; ad valorem tax; provide homestead exemption. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide a homestead exemption from Whitfield County ad valorem taxes for county purposes in the amount of $250,000.00 of the appraised value of the homestead for residents of that county who are 70 years of age or older; to provide for definitions; to specify the terms and conditions of the exemption and the procedures relating thereto; to provide for applicability; to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to provide for a referendum, effective dates, automatic repeal, mandatory execution of election, and judicial remedies regarding failure to comply; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Tunnel Hill, City of; ad valorem tax; municipal purposes; provide new homestead exemption. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide for a new homestead exemption from City of Tunnel Hill ad valorem taxes for municipal purposes in the amount of $100,000.00 for each resident of the City of Tunnel Hill who is 70 years of age or older; to provide for definitions; to specify the terms and conditions of the exemption and the procedures relating thereto; to provide for applicability; to provide for related matters; to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to provide for a referendum, effective dates, and automatic repeal, mandatory execution of election, and judicial remedies regarding failure to comply; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dalton, City of; ad valorem tax; homestead exemption; increase income cap. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to provide for a homestead exemption from City of Dalton ad valorem taxes for city purposes and a homestead exemption from City of Dalton Independent School District ad valorem taxes for education purposes in the amount of $75,000.00 of the assessed value of the homestead for each resident of the City of Dalton who is 65 years of age or over and whose annual net income does not exceed $20,000.00, approved April 2, 1998 (Ga. L. 1998, p. 4104), as amended, particularly by an Act approved April 19, 2000; so as to increase the income cap; to increase the exemption from ad valorem taxes for municipal purposes; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ludowici, City of; change description of council districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to create a new charter for the City of Ludowici, approved August 18, 1923 (Ga. L. 1923, p. 701), as amended, particularly by an Act approved March 30, 1989 (Ga. L. 1989, p. 4246), so as to change the description of the council districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for manner of election; to provide for the continuation in office of current members; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dalton, City of; ad valorem tax; increase income cap and homestead exemption. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to provide for a homestead exemption from City of Dalton ad valorem taxes for city purposes and a homestead exemption from City of Dalton Independent School District ad valorem taxes for educational purposes in the amount of $75,000.00 of the assessed value of the homestead for each resident of the City of Dalton who is 65 years of age or over and whose annual net income does not exceed $20,000.00, approved April 2, 1998 (Ga. L. 1998, p. 4104), as amended, particularly by an Act approved April 19, 2000 (Ga. L. 2000, p. 4480), so as to increase the income cap and the amount of the exemption from ad valorem taxes for educational purposes; to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Peachtree City, City of; annex certain properties. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to provide a new city charter for Peachtree City, approved April 25, 2002 (Ga. L. 2002, p. 4801), as amended, so as to annex certain properties into the city; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; to provide an effective date; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Tyrone, Town of; Fayette County; deannex certain properties. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to repeal and replace the charter of the Town of Tyrone, in Fayette County, approved April 17, 1975 (Ga. L. 1975, p. 3876), as amended, so as to deannex certain properties; to provide for related matters; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Tunnel Hill, City of; ad valorem tax; provide new homestead exemption. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide for a new homestead exemption from City of Tunnel Hill ad valorem taxes for municipal purposes in the amount of $60,000.00 for each resident of the City of Tunnel Hill who is 65 years of age or older and whose income does not exceed $40,000.00; to provide for definitions; to specify the terms and conditions of the exemption and the procedures relating thereto; to provide for applicability; to provide for related matters; to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to provide for a referendum, effective dates, and automatic repeal, mandatory execution of election, and judicial remedies regarding failure to comply; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dalton, City of; ad valorem tax; increase homestead exemption. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to provide for a homestead exemption from City of Dalton independent school district ad valorem taxes for educational purposes in the amount of $150,000.00 of the assessed value of the homestead for residents of that school district who are 70 years of age or over, approved May 17, 2004 (Ga. L. 2004, p. 3763), so as to increase such exemption; to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to provide for a referendum, effective dates, automatic repeal, mandatory execution of election, and judicial remedies regarding failure to comply; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Oconee County; ad valorem tax; county purposes; provide homestead exemption. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide a homestead exemption from Oconee County ad valorem taxes for county purposes in the amount of $10,000.00 of the assessed value of the homestead for residents of that county who are 75 years of age or older; to provide for definitions; to specify the terms and conditions of the exemption and the procedures relating thereto; to provide for applicability; to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to provide for a referendum, effective dates, automatic repeal, mandatory execution of election, and judicial remedies regarding failure to comply; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Oconee County; ad valorem tax; county purposes; provide homestead exemption. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide a homestead exemption from Oconee County ad valorem taxes for county purposes in an amount equal to the amount by which the current year assessed value of a homestead exceeds the base year assessed value of such homestead for residents of that county who are 65 years of age or older; to provide for definitions; to specify the terms and conditions of the exemption and the procedures relating thereto; to provide for applicability; to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to provide for a referendum, effective dates, automatic repeal, mandatory execution of election, and judicial remedies regarding failure to comply; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Oconee County; ad valorem tax; county purposes; repeal homestead exemption. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to provide a homestead exemption from Oconee County ad valorem taxes for county purposes in the amount of $10,000.00 of the assessed value of the homestead for the taxable year beginning on January 1, 1999, and $15,000.00 of the assessed value of the homestead for taxable years beginning on or after January 1, 2000, for certain residents of that county who have annual incomes not exceeding $15,000.00 and who are 65 years of age or over, approved March 27, 1998 (Ga. L. 1998, p. 3576), so as to repeal such exemption; to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to provide for a referendum, effective dates, and automatic repeal, mandatory execution of election and judicial remedies regarding failure to comply; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dalton, City of; ad valorem tax; municipal purposes; increase homestead exemption. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to provide for a homestead exemption from City of Dalton ad valorem taxes for municipal purposes in the amount of $150,000.00 of the assessed value of the homestead for residents of that city who are 70 years of age or over, approved May 17, 2004 (Ga. L. 2004, p. 3766), so as to increase such exemption; to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to provide for a referendum, effective dates, automatic repeal, mandatory execution of election, and judicial remedies regarding failure to comply; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Oconee County; ad valorem tax; educational purposes; provide homestead exemption. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide a homestead exemption from Oconee County school district ad valorem taxes for educational purposes in the amount of $3,000.00 of the assessed value of the homestead for residents of that county; to provide for the automatic increase of such exemption to $8,000.00 of the assessed value of the homestead for residents of that county on January 1, 2035; to provide for definitions; to specify the terms and conditions of the exemption and the procedures relating thereto; to provide for applicability; to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to provide for a referendum, effective dates, automatic repeal, mandatory execution of election, and judicial remedies regarding failure to comply; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Oconee County; ad valorem tax; educational purposes; provide homestead exemption. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide a homestead exemption from Oconee County school district ad valorem taxes for educational purposes in an amount equal to the amount by which the current year assessed value of a homestead exceeds the base year assessed value of such homestead for residents of that county who are 65 years of age or over; to provide for definitions; to specify the terms and conditions of the exemption and the procedures relating thereto; to provide for applicability; to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to provide for a referendum, effective dates, automatic repeal, mandatory execution of election, and judicial remedies regarding failure to comply; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Oconee County; ad valorem tax; close certain homestead exemption to new applicants. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to provide a homestead exemption from Oconee County ad valorem taxes for the full value of the homestead for residents of that county who are 65 years of age or over and whose gross household income does not exceed $40,000.00, approved May 4, 2006 (Ga. L. 2006, p. 4127), so as to close such exemption to new applications; to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to provide for a referendum, effective dates, and automatic repeal, mandatory execution of election, and judicial remedies regarding failure to comply; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Oconee County; ad valorem tax; county purposes; provide homestead exemption. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide a homestead exemption from Oconee County ad valorem taxes for county purposes in the amount of $3,000.00 of the assessed value of the homestead for residents of that county; to provide for the automatic increase of such exemption to $8,000.00 of the assessed value of the homestead for residents of that county on January 1, 2035; to provide for definitions; to specify the terms and conditions of the exemption and the procedures relating thereto; to provide for applicability; to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to provide for a referendum, effective dates, automatic repeal, mandatory execution of election, and judicial remedies regarding failure to comply; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Oconee County; ad valorem tax; educational purposes; provide homestead exemption. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide a homestead exemption from Oconee County school district ad valorem taxes for educational purposes in the amount of $10,000.00 of the assessed value of the homestead for residents of that school district who are 75 years of age or older; to provide for definitions; to specify the terms and conditions of the exemption and the procedures relating thereto; to provide for applicability; to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to provide for a referendum, effective dates, automatic repeal, mandatory execution of election, and judicial remedies regarding failure to comply; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cohutta, City of; ad valorem tax; provide new homestead exemption. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide for a new homestead exemption from City of Cohutta ad valorem taxes for municipal purposes in the amount of $100,000.00 for each resident of the City of Cohutta who is 70 years of age or older; to provide for definitions; to specify the terms and conditions of the exemption and the procedures relating thereto; to provide for applicability; to provide for related matters; to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to provide for a referendum, effective dates, and automatic repeal, mandatory execution of election, and judicial remedies regarding failure to comply; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bacon County; State Court; authorize assessment and collection of technology fee. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to authorize the assessment and collection of a technology fee by the State Court of Bacon County; to identify the authorized uses of such technology fee; to provide for the termination of such technology fee and dedication of residual funds to technology needs; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ranger, Town of; repeal Act to provide new charter; transfer duties to Gordon County. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to repeal an Act to provide a new charter for the Town of Ranger in the County of Gordon, approved April 11, 1979 (Ga. L. 1979 p. 4208); to provide for transfer of duties and obligations to Gordon County; to provide for transfer of all legal rights, privileges, and assets to Gordon County; to establish a special tax and service district for outstanding bonded indebtedness and other obligations; to provide for transfer of all federal and state permits and licenses; to provide for the transfer of ongoing judicial actions; to provide for the continuation of zoning and land use regulations; to provide for future proceeds of special and regular local option sales taxes; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Moon, Crystal; outstanding public service; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Crystal Moon on her outstanding public service; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Social Circle, City of; School District; provide new boundaries. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to continue the charter for the Academy of Social Circle and to create a body politic known as the School District of Social Circle, approved April 29, 1997 (Ga. L. 1997, p. 4557), as amended, particularly by an Act approved March 13, 2012 (Ga. L. 2012, p. 4196), so as to provide new district boundaries; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of the current members; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Forsyth County; Board of Registrations and Elections; start and end date of member terms; revise provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating the Forsyth County Board of Registrations and Elections, approved March 31, 1987 (Ga. L. 1987, p. 5381), as amended, so as to revise provisions relating to the start and end date of board member terms; to eliminate time limitations on former board members holding elected office; to revise the compensation of the board members; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Gwinnett County; Board of Commissioners; provide compensation of chairperson. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating the board of commissioners of Gwinnett County, approved January 31, 1968 (Ga. L. 1968, p. 2003), as amended, so as to provide for the compensation of the chairperson; to update provisions related to the compensation of commissioners; to provide for related matters; to provide a contingent effective date and automatic repeal; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Glynn County; State Court; change compensation of solicitor general. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating the State Court of Glynn County, approved March 9, 1943 (Ga. L. 1943, p. 702), as amended, particularly by an Act approved March 20, 2001 (Ga. L. 2001, p. 3553), so as to change the compensation of the solicitor general; to provide that the solicitor general shall be a full-time position; to provide for staffing of such solicitor's office; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Paulding County; Board of Education; filling vacancies; revise provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to provide for the election of the members of the Paulding County Board of Education, approved March 21, 1968 (Ga. L. 1968, p. 2381), as amended, particularly by an Act approved April 25, 2002 (Ga. L. 2002, p. 4151), so as to revise provisions related to filling vacancies on the board; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Brooks County Public Facilities Authority Act; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to create the Brooks County Public Facilities Authority; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Henry County Building and Facilities Authority Act; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to create and establish the Henry County Building and Facilities Authority; to provide that the authority is a body corporate and politic and an instrumentality of the State of Georgia; to authorize the authority to acquire, construct, equip, maintain, and operate certain projects, including buildings and facilities for use by Henry County or any municipality or political subdivision within Henry County for its governmental, proprietary, and administrative functions; to provide for severability; to provide for a short title; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dillard, City of; eliminate one council post. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to reincorporate the City of Dillard in the County of Rabun, approved March 21, 1974 (Ga. L. 1974, p. 2451), as amended, particularly by an Act approved May 3, 2018 (Ga. L. 2018, p. 3762) so as to eliminate one council post in the city; to provide for continuation in office of current councilmembers; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Moreland, Town of; Recorder's Court; repeal provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to create a new charter for the Town of Moreland, approved March 28, 1985 (Ga. L. 1985, p. 5053), as amended, so as to repeal provisions related to the Recorder's Court; to establish a municipal court; to provide for judges of such court; to provide for convening, jurisdiction, and powers of such court; to provide for appeals; to provide for rules of court; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Henry County Airport Authority Act; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to create the Henry County Airport Authority; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cruz, Alichia; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring and commending Alichia Cruz; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Whitfield County; School District; increase homestead exemption amount and income ceiling. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing a homestead exemption from Whitfield County School District ad valorem taxes for educational purposes in the amount of $30,000.00 of the assessed value of the homestead for certain residents of that school district who are 65 years of age or older and whose annual incomes do not exceed $15,000.00, approved April 1, 1996 (Ga. L. 1996, p. 3734), as amended by an Act approved April 16, 1999 (Ga. L. 1999, p. 4455), so as to provide for an increase in the exemption amount and the income ceiling; to specify the terms and conditions of the exemption; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Blackshear, City of; city council; decrease size to five members; provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to provide a new charter for the City of Blackshear, approved March 19, 1993 (Ga. L. 1993, p. 4091), as amended, so as to decrease the size of the city council from six to five members; to update provisions relating to elections, meetings, organization, and voting of the city council; to change the description of the council districts; to revise provisions relating to city rules and regulations related to employees; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Whitfield County; ad valorem tax; county purposes; provide homestead exemption. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide a homestead exemption from Whitfield County ad valorem taxes for county purposes in the amount of $150,000.00 of the appraised value of the homestead for residents of that county who are 65 years of age or older and whose income does not exceed $40,000.00; to provide for definitions; to specify the terms and conditions of the exemption and the procedures relating thereto; to provide for applicability; to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to provide for a referendum, effective dates, automatic repeal, mandatory execution of election, and judicial remedies regarding failure to comply; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Suwanee, City of; change corporate limits. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating a new charter for the City of Suwanee, approved April 9, 1999 (Ga. L. 1999, p. 3729), as amended, particularly by an Act approved April 10, 2014 (Ga. L. 2014, p. 3609), so as to change the corporate limits of said city; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Oconee County; ad valorem tax for educational purposes; repeal a homestead exemption. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to provide a homestead exemption from Oconee County School District ad valorem taxes for educational purposes in the amount of $10,000.00 of the assessed value of the homestead for the taxable year beginning on January 1, 1999, and $15,000.00 of the assessed value of the homestead for taxable years beginning on or after January 1, 2000, for certain residents of that school district who have annual incomes not exceeding $15,000.00 and who are 65 years of age or over, approved March 27, 1998 (Ga. L. 1998, p. 3568), so as to repeal such exemption; to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to provide for a referendum, effective dates, automatic repeal, mandatory execution of election, and judicial remedies regarding failure to comply; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Atlanta, City of; Board of Education; qualifications for membership; remove certain limitations. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to continue the existence of the Atlanta Independent School System under the management and control of the Atlanta Board of Education, approved June 3, 2003 (Ga. L. 2003, p. 4154), as amended, so as to remove limitations on qualifications for membership on said board related to working for other boards of education; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Professional counselors; authorize applicants enrolled in a master's degree program to take the master's social work licensing exam; provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 1 of Chapter 10A of Title 43 of the O.C.G.A., relating to licensing provisions regarding professional counselors, social workers, and marriage and family therapists, so as to authorize applicants for a license in social work enrolled in a master's degree program to take the master's social work licensing examination in their final semester of the program; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Fulton Technology and Energy Authority Act; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to create the Fulton Technology and Energy Enhancement Authority, approved May 3, 2021 (Ga. L. 2021, p. 3612), so as to revise the short title; to rename the authority; to provide for a new board for the authority; to terminate the terms of existing board members; to revise provisions related to the appointment of board members; to provide for the removal of board members; to revise definitions; to provide for a student advisory panel; to provide for eligibility and application; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Morganton, City of; provide new charter. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide a new charter for the City of Morganton; to provide for reincorporation, boundaries, and powers of the city; to provide for the exercise of powers and limitations on powers; to provide for a governing authority of such city and the powers, duties, authority, prohibitions, election, terms, removal from office, method of filling vacancies, compensation, expenses, and qualifications of such authority; to provide for conflicts of interest and holding other offices; to provide for inquiries and investigations; to provide for related matters; to repeal a specific Act; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Motor vehicles; issuance of a distinctive license plate for owners of ambulances; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 7 of Chapter 2 of Title 40 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to motor vehicle license fees and classes, so as to provide for issuance of a distinctive license plate for owners of ambulances; to provide for design, display, and transfer of such license plates; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jack and Jill of America, Inc.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Jack and Jill of America, Inc.; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Twiggs County; School District; increase income cap on homestead exemption granted to certain residents. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to provide a $15,000.00 homestead exemption from certain ad valorem taxes levied by, for, or on behalf of the Twiggs County School District for residents who are 62 years of age or older and whose net income does not exceed $15,000.00, approved April 17, 1992 (Ga. L. 1992, p. 6502), as amended, particularly by an Act approved April 25, 2002 (Ga. L. 2002, p. 4834), so as to increase the income cap on the homestead exemption granted to certain residents of the school district who are 62 years of age or older; to provide for a referendum, effective dates, and automatic repeal, mandatory execution of election, and judicial remedies regarding failure to comply; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Twiggs County; ad valorem tax; increase income cap on homestead exemption. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act restating and reenacting a certain homestead exemption from ad valorem taxes levied for county and school purposes and a certain homestead exemption from ad valorem taxes levied for county purposes in Twiggs County, approved March 20, 1990 (Ga. L. 1990, p. 3935), as amended, particularly by an Act approved May 5, 2006 (Ga. L. 2006, p. 4359), so as to increase the amount of the income cap on the exemption granted to certain residents 62 years of age or older; to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to provide for a referendum, effective dates, automatic repeal, mandatory execution of election, and judicial remedies regarding failure to comply; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Terrell County Land Bank Authority; create. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to create the Terrell County Land Bank Authority; to provide for a board of directors; to provide for the appointment, membership, terms of office, powers, duties, and authority of the board; to provide for the removal of board members; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ad valorem tax; increase a statewide exemption for tangible personal property. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 2 of Chapter 5 of Title 48 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to property tax exemptions and deferral, so as to increase a statewide ad valorem tax exemption for tangible personal property; to specify the terms and conditions of the exemption and the procedures relating thereto; to provide for applicability; to provide for related matters; to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to provide for a referendum, effective dates, and automatic repeal; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Occupational therapists; perform dry needling as a physical agent modality if certain training and education requirements are met; authorize. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 28 of Title 43 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to occupational therapists, so as to authorize occupational therapists to perform dry needling as a physical agent modality if certain training and education requirements are met; to provide for definitions; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Income tax credit; certain manufacturing and telecommunications facilities; qualified investment property; revise definition. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 2 of Chapter 7 of Title 48 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to imposition, rate, computation, exemptions, and credits relative to income taxes, so as to revise the definition of the term "qualified investment property" with respect to income tax credits for certain manufacturing and telecommunications facilities; to provide for an effective date and applicability; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Judicial Retirement System; require certain counties to supplement retirement benefits paid to the circuit's superior court judges and district attorneys. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 23 of Title 47 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the Judicial Retirement System, so as to require certain counties that comprise single county judicial circuits to supplement the retirement benefits paid to the circuit's superior court judges and district attorneys; to provide for related matters; to provide conditions for an effective date and automatic repeal; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Crimes and offenses; livestock theft; increased penalties; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 16-8-20 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to livestock theft, so as to provide for increased penalties; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Columbia County; Magistrate Court; impose and collect county law library fees as part of court cost; authorize. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to authorize the Magistrate Court of Columbia County to impose and collect county law library fees as part of the court costs in the magistrate court; to provide for practices and procedures connected therewith; to provide for related matters; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Social Work Licensure Compact Act; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 10A of Title 43 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to professional counselors, social workers, and marriage and family therapists, so as to enter into an interstate compact known as the "Social Work Licensure Compact"; to authorize the Georgia Composite Board of Professional Counselors, Social Workers, and Marriage and Family Therapists to administer the compact in this state; to provide for a short title; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Alcoholic beverages; Sunday sales for consumption on the premises in locally designated special entertainment districts; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 3 of Title 3 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to regulation of alcoholic beverages generally, so as to provide for Sunday sales of alcoholic beverages for consumption on the premises in locally designated special entertainment districts; to provide for a definition; to provide for related matters; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Practice of Nutrition and Dietetics Act; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 43 of the O.C.G.A., relating to professions and businesses, so as to repeal and reenact Chapter 11A, the "Dietetics Practice Act"; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ison, Carol; receiving the 2023 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Carol Ison for receiving the 2023 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Education; require local school systems to annually notify employees whether social security taxes will be withheld from their pay and eligibility of certain benefits. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Subpart 2 of Part 6 of Article 6 of Chapter 2 of Title 20 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to conditions of employment in elementary and secondary education, so as to require local school systems to annually notify employees whether social security taxes will be withheld from their pay and whether they are eligible to be included in certain benefits, pension, or retirement plans; to provide for public school employees to receive information regarding pension and retirement plans; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Marietta City Schools Boys and Girls Varsity Cross Country team; winning the 2022 GHSA 7A State Varsity Cross Country Championship; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Marietta City Schools Boys and Girls Varsity Cross Country teams for winning the 2022 GHSA 7A State Varsity Cross Country Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bainbridge, City of; levy an excise tax. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to authorize the governing authority of the City of Bainbridge to levy an excise tax pursuant to subsection (b) of Code Section 48-13-51 of the O.C.G.A.; to provide procedures, conditions, and limitations; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Miller County, State Court; abolish. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to repeal an Act creating the State Court of Miller County, approved March 2, 1935 (Ga. L. 1935, p. 538), and all amendatory Acts thereto, so as to abolish the State Court of Miller County; to provide for cessation of elections for Judge of the State Court of Miller County and the Solicitor of the State Court of Miller County; to provide for the disposition of matters pending in the State Court of Miller County; to provide for related matters; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lamar County; school district ad valorem tax for educational purposes; provide exemption. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act entitled an Act to provide a homestead exemption from Lamar County school district ad valorem taxes for educational purposes in the amount of $7,000.00 of the assessed value of the homestead after a specified five-year phase-in period for residents of that school district who are 70 years of age or older, approved April 24, 2013 (Ga. L. 2013, p. 3702), so as to increase such homestead exemption; to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to provide for a referendum, effective dates, and automatic repeal, mandatory execution of election, and judicial remedies regarding failure to comply; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Ad valorem tax; qualified disabled veterans; clarify applicability of homestead exemption to spouses and minor children. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 48-5-48 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to homestead exemption by qualified disabled veteran, filing requirements, periodic substantiation of eligibility, persons eligible without application, and retroactive award, so as to clarify the applicability of such homestead exemption to spouses and minor children; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to provide for applicability; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Medical professionals; rural assistance; expand service cancelable loan program for health care providers to include dental students. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 34 of Title 31 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to medical professionals for rural assistance, so as to expand the service cancelable loan program for physicians and other health care providers in underserved areas to include dental students; to provide for criteria; to provide for length of loans; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Courts; juvenile treatment court divisions; create. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 15 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to courts, so as to create juvenile treatment court divisions; to provide alternative adjudication to the traditional judicial system; to provide definitions; to provide for assignment of cases; to provide for planning groups and work plans; to provide for standards; to provide for staffing and expenses; to provide for completion of juvenile treatment court division programs; to provide for records, fees, grants, and donations; to revise a definition; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Motor vehicles; procedure for passing stationary vehicles on certain highways; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 1 of Chapter 6 of Title 40 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to general provisions relative to uniform rules of the road, so as to provide for procedure for passing stationary vehicles on certain highways; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Schools; automated external defibrillators; require. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Part 3 of Article 16 of Chapter 2 of Title 20 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to health, so as to require automated external defibrillators in all schools; to provide for definitions; to provide for the establishment of emergency action plans to address a person in cardiac arrest; to provide for internal response teams; to provide for practice drills; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Banking and finance; update terminology; revise procedures; provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Titles 7, 10, and 53 of the O.C.G.A., relating to banking and finance, commerce and trade, and wills, trusts, and administration of estates, respectively, so as to update terminology; to revise procedures concerning incorporators of banks and trust companies; to revise requirements of articles of incorporation of banks and trust companies; to revise procedures concerning approval of banks and trust companies; to revise provisions concerning certain loans made by credit unions; to remove a requirement that certain mortgage brokers register with the Department of Banking and Finance; to provide for certain requirements of foreign banks; to provide for refund of installment loan closing fees; to revise requirements of merchant acquirer limited purpose banks; to provide for exceptions; to revise the definition of bona fide discount points; to conform cross-references; to provide for effective dates; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Chattooga County; ad valorem taxes for county purposes; provide homestead exemption. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide for a homestead exemption from Chattooga County ad valorem taxes for county purposes in an amount equal to the amount by which the current year assessed value of a homestead exceeds the adjusted base year assessed value of such homestead; to provide for definitions; to specify the terms and conditions of the exemption and the procedures relating thereto; to provide for applicability; to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to provide for a referendum, effective dates, automatic repeal, mandatory execution of election, and judicial remedies regarding failure to comply; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Uniform rules of the road; proper procedure for passing a postal service vehicle; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 1 of Chapter 6 of Title 40 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to general provisions relative to uniform rules of the road, so as to provide for proper procedure for passing a postal service vehicle; to provide for a definition; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Professions and businesses; military spouses to use an existing license in good standing from another state; allow. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 43-1-34 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to licenses for transitioning members of the armed forces, so as to allow military spouses to use an existing license in good standing from another state to obtain employment in this state; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Prosecuting Attorneys Qualifications Commission; standards of conduct and rules; provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 15-18-32 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to Prosecuting Attorneys Qualifications Commission, authority, membership, ex parte communications, governance, disciplinary actions, confidentiality, and privileged nature; to provide for related matters; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: State government; county boards of health to conduct meetings via teleconference; authorize. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 50-14-1 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to meetings open to the public, limitation on action to contest agency action, recording, notice of time and place, access to minutes, and teleconferences, so as to authorize county boards of health to conduct meetings via teleconference; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Douglas Judicial Circuit; provide for a fourth judge. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 15-6-2 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the number of judges of superior courts, so as to provide for a fourth judge of the superior courts of the Douglas Judicial Circuit; to prescribe the compensation, salary, and expense allowance of such judge to be paid by the State of Georgia and the counties comprising said circuit; to authorize the judges of such circuit to divide and allocate the work and duties thereof; to provide for the manner of impaneling jurors; to provide for an additional court reporter for such circuit; to authorize the governing authority of the counties comprising the Douglas Judicial Circuit to provide facilities, office space, supplies, equipment, and personnel for such judges; to declare inherent authority; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Domestic relations; process by which individuals may change their married surname to previous surname following divorce; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 5 of Title 19 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to divorce, so as to provide for a process by which individuals may change their married surname to a prior surname or the given surname on their birth certificate following a divorce; to provide for applicability; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Belize Day; February 25, 2023; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 25, 2023, as Belize Day; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Professions and businesses; contractors; change certain provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Titles 8, 10, 36, 43, and 46 of the O.C.G.A., relating to buildings and housing, commerce and trade, local government, professions and businesses, and public utilities and public transportation, respectively, so as change certain provisions relating to certain professions practicing in this state; to change certain provisions relating to electrical contractors, plumbers, conditioned air contractors, low voltage contractors, and utility contractors; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Zoning procedures; provisions authorizing administrative officers to exercise zoning powers; repeal. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 66 of Title 36 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to zoning procedures as pertaining to counties and municipal corporations, so as to repeal provisions authorizing administrative officers to exercise zoning powers; to repeal provisions authorizing quasi-judicial boards and agencies to hear and render decisions on applications for special administrative permits and conditional permits; to revise definitions; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date and applicability; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Tifton Judicial Circuit; provide for a third judge. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 15-6-2 of the O.C.G.A., relating to the number of judges of superior courts, so as to provide for a third judge of the superior courts of the Tifton Judicial Circuit; to provide for the appointment of such additional judge by the Governor; to provide for the election of successors to the judge initially appointed; to prescribe the powers of such judge; to prescribe the compensation, salary, and expense allowance of such judge to be paid by the State of Georgia and the counties comprising said circuit; to authorize the judges of such circuit to divide and allocate the work and duties thereof; to provide for the manner of impaneling jurors; to provide for an additional court reporter for such circuit; to authorize the governing authority of the counties comprising the Tifton Judicial Circuit to provide facilities, office space, supplies, equipment, and personnel for such judges; to declare inherent authority; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Motor vehicles; responsibilities for encountering funeral procession on two-lane highway; revise. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 4 of Chapter 6 of Title 40 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to right of way for operators of motor vehicles, so as to revise responsibilities of motor vehicle operators when encountering a funeral procession on a two-lane highway; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Georgia Bureau of Investigation; restriction and seal of First Offenders Act; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 3 of Title 35 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the Georgia Bureau of Investigation, so as to provide for the restriction and seal of First Offender Act sentences until such status is revoked; to amend Code Section 42-8-62.1 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to limiting public access to First Offender Act status, petitioning, and sealing record, so as to provide for the restriction and seal of first offender sentences at the time of sentencing; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Minors; civil remedy for damages against commercial entities that distribute material harmful to minors without performing age verification; create. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 39 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to minors, so as to create a civil remedy for damages against commercial entities that distribute material harmful to minors without performing age verification; to require that age verification information not be retained; to provide for standards for liability; to provide for exceptions; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Motor vehicles; define multipurpose off-highway vehicle; subclassify for ad valorem tax purposes. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 40-1-1 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to definitions relative to motor vehicles and traffic, so as to revise the definition of "multipurpose off-highway vehicle"; to amend Article 10 of Chapter 5 of Title 48 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to ad valorem taxation of motor vehicles and motor homes, so as to define "multipurpose off-highway vehicle" and subclassify such vehicles for ad valorem taxation purposes; to provide that such vehicles shall not be returned or taxed for ad valorem taxation purposes; to provide for an effective date and applicability; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Supplemental appropriations; State Fiscal Year July 1, 2023 - June 30, 2024. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act making and providing appropriations for the State Fiscal Year beginning July 1, 2023, and ending June 30, 2024, known as the "General Appropriations Act," Act No. 351, approved May 5, 2023 (Ga. L. 2023, Volume One, Appendix, commencing at page 1 of 264), to make, provide, and change certain appropriations for the operation of the state government and its departments, boards, bureaus, commissions, institutions, and other agencies, for the university system, common schools, counties, municipalities, and political subdivisions, for all other governmental activities, projects, and undertakings authorized by law, and for all leases, contracts, agreements, and grants authorized by law; to provide for the control and administration of funds; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: General appropriations; State Fiscal Year July 1, 2024 - June 30, 2025. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to make and provide appropriations for the State Fiscal Year beginning July 1, 2024, and ending June 30, 2025; to make and provide such appropriations for the operation of the state government and its departments, boards, bureaus, commissions, institutions, and other agencies, for the university system, common schools, counties, municipalities, and political subdivisions, for all other governmental activities, projects, and undertakings authorized by law, and for all leases, contracts, agreements, and grants authorized by law; to provide for the control and administration of funds; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Forest Park, City of; levy an excise tax. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to authorize the governing authority of the City of Forest Park to levy an excise tax pursuant to subsection (b) of Code Section 48-13-51 of the O.C.G.A.; to provide procedures, conditions, and limitations; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Insurance; discriminating against certain healthcare facilities and providers in connection with the administration of provider administered drugs; prohibit insurers. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 24 of Title 33 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to insurance generally, so as to prohibit insurers from discriminating against certain healthcare facilities and providers in connection with the procurement, delivery, and administration of provider administered drugs; to provide for definitions; to provide for violation; to provide for construction; to provide for penalties; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date and applicability; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Protecting Religious Assembly in States of Emergency (PRAISE) Act; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 1 of Chapter 3 of Title 38 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to general provisions relative to emergency management, so as to prohibit any governmental entity from discriminating against and closing a place of worship during an emergency; to provide for civil relief and damages; to provide for related matters; to provide for a short title; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Second Chance Workforce Act; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 17 of the O.C.G.A., relating to criminal procedure, so as to provide for issuance of certificates by a court for purposes of demonstrating rehabilitation and good moral character;to amend Code Section 24-4-419 of the O.C.G.A., relating to admissibility of criminal history record information of an employee or former employee; to amend Chapter 5 of Title 40 of the O.C.G.A., relating to drivers' licenses; to amend Code Section 44-5-150 of the O.C.G.A., relating to search and notification for information identifying anatomical gift donor status; to amend Code Section 51-1-54 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to presumption of due care in hiring of person pardoned or who has obtained a Program and Treatment Completion Certificate; to provide a short title; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Game and fish; fluorescent pink hunting outer garments; authorize. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 1 of Chapter 3 of Title 27 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to hunting, so as to authorize fluorescent pink hunting outer garments; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Water, ports and watercraft; penalties for failing to remove abandoned vessel; revise. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 3 of Chapter 7 of Title 52 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to abandoned vessels, so as to revise penalties for failing to remove an abandoned vessel; to provide for notice; to provide for appeal and hearing; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Self-service storage facilities; enforcement of unsigned rental agreements under certain circumstances; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 5 of Chapter 4 of Title 10 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to self-service storage facilities, so as to provide for enforcement of unsigned rental agreements under certain circumstances; to provide for the execution and delivery of a rental agreement via email; to provide for the vacating of and removal of personal property from self-storage service facilities by occupants under certain circumstances; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Motor vehicles; standards for a conviction through the use of speed devices; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 14 of Title 40 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to use of speed detection devices and red light cameras, so as to provide for standards for a conviction through the use of speed devices; to provide for times when a school zone speed limit may be enforced through the use of an automated traffic enforcement safety device; to authorize a local governing body to apply for a permit to operate such devices; to provide for admissible evidence for refuting a violation of speed limit through the use of speed detection devices; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: State employees' health insurance plan; protection for covered persons when an in-network hospital becomes out-of-network prior to the end of year plan; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Part 1 of Article 1 of Chapter 18 of Title 45 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the state employees' health insurance plan, so as to provide protection for covered persons under a state health plan when an in-network hospital becomes out-of-network prior to the end of the plan year; to provide for definitions; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Special district mass transportation sales and use tax; intergovernmental agreements; revise requirements. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Part 1 of Article 5A of Chapter 8 of Title 48 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the special district mass transportation sales and use tax, so as to revise requirements for intergovernmental agreements between counties and qualified municipalities for collection of such tax; to provide for standards for disbursement of proceeds for municipalities absent from an intergovernmental agreement; to revise the maximum amount and time frame for the collection of such tax when an intergovernmental agreement has been entered into between a county and all qualified municipalities; to provide for definitions; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to provide for applicability; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Albany Area Chamber of Commerce; Albany-Dougherty County Day at the state capitol; February 16, 2023; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Albany Area Chamber of Commerce and recognizing February 16, 2023, as Albany-Dougherty County Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Courts; compensation received by superior court judges; modify provisions; create Judicial System Compensation Commission. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 1 of Chapter 6 of Title 15 the O.C.G.A., relating to general provisions concerning superior courts, so as to modify provisions regarding the compensation received by superior court judges; to amend Title 15 of the O.C.G.A., relating to courts, so as to create the Judicial System Compensation Commission; to amend Code Section 45-7-4 of the O.C.G.A., relating to annual salaries of certain state officials and cost-of-living adjustments; to amend Chapter 3 of Title 1 of the O.C.G.A., relating to laws and statutes, so as to temporarily suspend the operation of local laws that use a superior court judge's salary for the calculation of the salary or compensation of other officers, officials, or employees; to preserve the authority of the General Assembly to amend or repeal such suspended local laws; to provide for legislative construction; to provide for an effective date; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Douglas County; Probate Court; authorize assessment and collection of a technology fee. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to authorize the assessment and collection of a technology fee by the Probate Court of Douglas County; to identify the authorized uses of such technology fee; to provide for the termination of such technology fee and dedication of residual funds to technology uses; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Towns County; Board of Education; compensation of board; revise provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to reconstitute the Board of Education of Towns County, approved February 18, 1993 (Ga. L. 1993, p. 3806), so as to revise provisions for the compensation of the board; to provide for related matters; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Habersham County; Magistrate Court; authorize assessment and collection of technology fee. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to authorize the assessment, collection, and distribution of a technology fee by the Magistrate Court of Habersham County; to identify the authorized uses of such technology fee; to provide for the maintenance of such technology fee funds; to provide for the termination of such technology fee and dedication of residual funds to technology uses; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Calhoun County; board of elections and registration; create. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to create a board of elections and registration for Calhoun County; to provide for its powers and duties; to provide for definitions; to provide for the composition of the board and the selection, qualifications, terms, and removal of members; to provide for vacancies; to provide for oaths and privileges; to provide for the conduct of primaries and elections; to provide for meetings; to provide duties of the chairperson; to allow for joint primaries; to authorize the conduct of municipal elections; to provide for the election supervisor; to provide compensation for board members and staff; to provide for offices, supplies, and other materials; to provide for required training; to provide for the transfer of powers, duties, facilities, and personal property; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Emanuel County; Probate Court judge also serves as chief magistrate judge of Magistrate Court; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide that the judge of the Probate Court of Emanuel County shall also serve as the chief magistrate judge of the Magistrate Court of Emanuel County on and after January 1, 2025; to provide for the continuation in office and expiration of term of the current chief magistrate judge; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Menlo, City of; future mayors and councilmembers shall be elected to four-year terms of office; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to provide a new charter for the City of Menlo, approved May 13, 2011 (Ga. L. 2011, p. 4132), so as to provide that future mayors and councilmembers shall be elected to four-year terms of office; to provide for municipal general elections in odd-numbered years; to provide for interim terms of office; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Realizing Educational Achievement Can Happen (REACH) Scholarship; victims of human trafficking are eligible; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Part 4 of Article 7 of Chapter 3 of Title 20 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the Realizing Educational Achievement Can Happen (REACH) Scholarship, so as to provide that victims of human trafficking are eligible for such scholarship; to provide for the designation of REACH scholars; to provide for funding; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Firearm Safe Handling and Secure Storage Tax Credit Act; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 7 of Title 48 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to income taxes, so as to provide for a tax credit for certain eligible expenses incurred for firearm safe handling instructional courses and firearm secure storage devices; to provide for an aggregate annual cap; to provide for definitions; to provide for terms and conditions; to provide for credit preapproval by the department; to provide for rules and regulations; to provide for a short title; to provide for automatic repeal; to provide for an effective date and applicability; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Fort Oglethorpe, City of; levy an excise tax. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to authorize the governing authority of the City of Fort Oglethorpe to levy an excise tax pursuant to subsection (b) of Code Section 48-13-51 of the O.C.G.A.; to provide procedures, conditions, and limitations; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Secretary of State; establish and maintain a state-wide system for the posting of scanned paper ballots; require. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 2 of Title 21 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to primaries and elections generally, so as to require the Secretary of State to establish and maintain a state-wide system for the posting of scanned paper ballots; to provide for minimum resolution requirements for such scans; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Elections; ballots used in optical scan voting systems shall use paper with a visible watermark security feature; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 2 of Title 21 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to primaries and elections generally, so as to provide that ballots used in optical scan voting systems shall use paper with a visible watermark security feature; to provide that ballots used in ballot marking devices shall use paper with a visible watermark security feature; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Elections; number of contests subject to risk-limiting audits; expand. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 2 of Title 21 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to primaries and elections generally, so as to expand the number of contests subject to risk-limiting audits; to provide for percentages of risk limits; to provide procedures for selection of contests subject to risk-limiting audits; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations; offense of dogfighting as racketeering activity; include. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 16-14-3 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to definitions regarding racketeer influenced and corrupt organizations, so as to include the offense of dogfighting as racketeering activity; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bartow County; Probate Court; authorize assessment and collection of technology fee. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to authorize the assessment and collection of a technology fee by the Probate Court of Bartow County; to identify the authorized uses of such technology fee; to provide for the termination of such technology fee and dedication of residual funds to technology uses; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: State Workforce Development Board; publish a High-demand Career List most critical to the state's current and future workforce needs; require. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 14 of Title 34 of the O.C.G.A., relating to the State Workforce Development Board, so as to require the State Workforce Development Board to develop, approve, and annually publish a High-demand Career List identifying those careers most critical to the state's current and future workforce needs; to amend Title 20 of the O.C.G.A., relating to education, so as to provide for conforming changes; to require the Office of Student Achievement to work in consultation with the State Workforce Development Board to audit and report on the effectiveness of employment, wage attainment, and retention of students in programs that align with the High-demand Career List; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Insurance, Department of; Office of the Safety Fire Commissioner; update practices. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Titles 25 and 33 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to fire protection and safety and insurance, respectively, so as to update the practices of the Department of Insurance and the office of the Safety Fire Commissioner; to provide for the off-duty use of motor vehicles by certain law enforcement officers; to repeal a life insurance reserves requirement for small companies for accreditation purposes; to allow for the continuation of coverage of a developmentally disabled or physically disabled dependent child under certain policies; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Higher Education Assistance Corporation; abolish; O.C.G.A.; remove cross-references and make conforming changes. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 7 of Chapter 3 of Title 20 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to scholarships, loans, and grants, so as to abolish the Georgia Higher Education Assistance Corporation; to provide for the transfer of outstanding obligations and liabilities and assets of such corporation; to amend Titles 2, 7, 12, 20, 26, 33, 43, and 48 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to agriculture, banking and finance, conservation and natural resources, education, food, drugs, and cosmetics, insurance, professions and businesses, and revenue and taxation, respectively, so as to remove cross-references and make conforming changes; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Elections; election interference with a deep fake; establish criminal offense. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 2 of Title 21 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to elections and primaries generally, so as to establish the criminal offense of election interference with a deep fake and solicitation of such; to provide for definitions; to provide for exceptions; to provide for punishment; to provide for the State Election Board to publish results of investigations into such offenses; to provide for legislative findings; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Education; grants; revise definition of qualified local school system school by reducing the minimum required millage rate or equivalent millage rate from 14 mills to 10 mills. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 20-2-165 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to equalization grants, annual calculations, and allocation, so as to revise the definition of the term "qualified local school system school" by reducing the minimum required millage rate or equivalent millage rate from 14 mills to 10 mills; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Georgia Technology Authority; annual inventory of artificial intelligence usage by state agencies; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 25 of Title 50 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the Georgia Technology Authority, so as to provide for an annual inventory of artificial intelligence usage by state agencies; to provide for annual reports of such; to provide for the authority to develop and establish certain policies; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Cobb County; Board of Education; change description of education districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing for the election of members of the Board of Education of Cobb County, approved March 28, 1974 (Ga. L. 1974, p. 3516), as amended, particularly by an Act approved March 2, 2022 (Ga. L. 2022, p. 5274), so as to change the description of the education districts of such board; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for the manner of election; to provide an effective date; to repeal a specific Act; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hospital Medicaid Financing Program; extend sunset provision. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 6C of Chapter 8 of Title 31 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the Hospital Medicaid Financing Program, so as to extend the sunset provision; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Houston Judicial Circuit; provide for fourth judge. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 15-6-2 of the O.C.G.A., relating to the number of judges of superior courts, so as to provide for a fourth judge of the superior courts of the Houston Judicial Circuit; to provide for the appointment of such additional judge by the Governor; to provide for the election of successors to the judge initially appointed; to prescribe the powers of such judge; to prescribe the compensation, salary, and expense allowance of such judge to be paid by the State of Georgia and the counties comprising said circuit; to authorize the judges of such circuit to divide and allocate the work and duties thereof; to provide for the manner of impaneling jurors; to provide for an additional court reporter for such circuit; to authorize the governing authorities of the counties comprising the Houston Judicial Circuit to provide facilities, office space, supplies, equipment, and personnel for such judges; to declare inherent authority; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Crimes and offenses; grooming a minor for indecent purposes; provide for offense. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Part 2 of Article 3 of Chapter 12 of Title 16 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to offenses related to minors generally, so as to provide for the offense of grooming a minor for indecent purposes; to provide for a definition; to provide for a penalty; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Torts; negligent operations of a vessel; revise liability. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Titles 51 and 52 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating torts and waters of the state, ports, and watercraft, respectively, so as to revise liability for the negligent operation of a vessel; to require boat liveries to obtain and maintain certain insurance; to provide for notice of insurance coverage; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Education; administration of a nationally recognized multiple-aptitude battery assessment that predicts success in the military to certain public school students; require. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Part 12 of Article 6 of Chapter 2 of Title 20 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to effectiveness of educational programs, so as to require the administration of a nationally recognized multiple-aptitude battery assessment that measures developed abilities and helps predict future academic and occupational success in the military to public school students in grades 11 and 12 who choose to participate; to prohibit the use of assessment results in education accountability programs; to provide for parents and guardians to opt their children out of participating in such assessments; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Penal institutions; provide jailers with arrest powers. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 1 of Chapter 4 of Title 42 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to general provisions relative to jails, so as to provide jailers with arrest powers; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Motor vehicles; require disqualification to operate a commercial motor vehicle upon receipt of notification from the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration of a positive drug test. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 40-5-151 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to disqualification from driving and action required after suspending, revoking, or canceling license or nonresident privileges, so as to require disqualification to operate a commercial motor vehicle upon receipt of notification from the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration of a positive drug test, an adulterated or substituted drug test, or a report of a refusal to submit to such test; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Motor vehicles; presentation of a driver's license in a certain electronic format satisfies the requirement to possess a driver's license while operating a motor vehicle; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 2 of Chapter 5 of Title 40 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to issuance, expiration, and renewal of drivers' licenses, so as to provide that presentation of a driver's license in a certain electronic format satisfies the requirement to possess a driver's license while operating a motor vehicle; to prohibit the compelling of a licensee to produce a wireless telecommunications device to a law enforcement officer; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jackson County; school district ad valorem tax for educational purposes; provide homestead exemption. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide a homestead exemption from Jackson County school district ad valorem taxes for educational purposes for senior citizens in an amount equal to the amount by which the current year assessed value of a homestead exceeds the base year assessed value of such homestead; to provide for definitions; to specify the terms and conditions of the exemption and the procedures relating thereto; to provide for applicability and eligibility; to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to provide for a referendum, effective dates, automatic repeal, mandatory execution of election, and judicial remedies regarding failure to comply; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jackson County; school district ad valorem tax for educational purposes in the amount of $10,000.00; provide homestead exemption. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing a homestead exemption from Jackson County School District ad valorem taxes for educational purposes in the amount of $10,000.00 of the assessed value of the homestead for certain residents of that school district who are senior citizens who have annual earned family incomes not exceeding $18,000.00, approved March 24, 1994 (Ga. L. 1994, p. 3758), as amended, so as to increase the amounts and income limit of such homestead exemptions; to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to provide for a referendum, effective dates, automatic repeal, mandatory execution of election, and judicial remedies regarding failure to comply; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: State holidays; fourth Friday in November as National Sugarcane Syrup Day; designate. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 4 of Title 1 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to holidays and observances, so as to designate the fourth Friday in November of each year as "National Sugarcane Syrup Day" in Georgia; to provide legislative findings; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lincoln County; board of elections and registration; meetings; revise provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to reconstitute and reestablish the board of elections and registration for Lincoln County, approved May 3, 2021 (Ga. L. 2021, p. 4161), so as to revise provisions relating to meetings of said board; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lincoln County; compensation of tax commissioner; remove provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act consolidating the offices of Tax Receiver and Tax Collector of Lincoln County into the office of Tax Commissioner of Lincoln County, approved December 17, 1953 (Ga. L. 1953, Nov.-Dec. Sess., p. 2604), as amended, particularly by an Act approved March 25, 1986 (Ga. L. 1986, p. 4478), so as to remove provisions relating to the compensation of the tax commissioner; to provide for related matters; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Public officers and employees; increase number of hours permitted for paid parental leave. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 20 of Title 45 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to personnel administration relative to public officers and employees, so as to increase the number of hours permitted for paid parental leave; to specify that individuals employed full time by local education agencies are eligible employees; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Wilcox County; Board of Education; provide compensation. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide for the compensation of the Wilcox County Board of Education; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Woodstock, City of; homestead exemption; provide residency requirement. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing a homestead exemption from all City of Woodstock ad valorem taxes for city purposes for the full value of the homestead after a two-year phase-in period for certain residents of that city who are 62 years of age or older, approved April 13, 2001 (Ga. L. 2001, p. 3793), so as to provide for a residency requirement and grandfathering of certain residents; to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to provide for a referendum, effective dates, automatic repeal, mandatory execution of election, and judicial remedies regarding failure to comply; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Income tax; reduce rate of tax. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 2 of Chapter 7 of Title 48 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the imposition, rate, computation, exemptions, and credits relative to income taxes, so as to reduce the rate of the tax; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date and applicability; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: City of South Fulton Public Facilities Authority Act; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to create the City of South Fulton Public Facilities Authority; to provide for the appointment of members of the authority; to provide for a short title; to confer powers upon the authority; to provide for purpose and scope of operations of the authority; to provide for definitions; to authorize the issuance of revenue bonds of the authority; to fix and provide the venue and jurisdiction of actions relating to any provisions of this Act; to provide for moneys received and trust funds; to provide for tort immunity; to provide for tax exemption, rates, charges, and revenues; to provide for effect on other governments; to provide for construction of this Act and severability; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Squatter Reform Act; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 16-7-21 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to criminal trespass, so as to include when a person enters a land or premises for purposes of residing on such land or premises; to provide a short title; to provide for a definition; to provide for a violation and penalty; to amend Article 2 of Chapter 11 of Title 44 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to proceedings against intruders, so as to provide for the submission of a property affidavit in magistrate court; to provide that proceedings regarding a writ of possession are not required to be jury trials; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Firearms Industry Nondiscrimination Act; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Titles 10 and 16 of the O.C.G.A., relating to commerce and trade and crimes and offenses respectively, so as to provide for protections of persons who own, purchase, or engage in the business of selling firearms; to prohibit financial institutions from requiring the use of a firearms code that distinguishes firearms retailers from other retailers; to prohibit discrimination against firearms retailers by financial institutions through the use of a firearms code; to prohibit the disclosure of certain financial records by financial institutions; to provide for petitions to the Attorney General to investigate alleged violations; to prohibit persons or government entities from keeping registries of firearms or owners of firearms; to provide for construction; to provide definitions; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Income tax credit; military zones that qualify for designation as less developed areas; revise. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 48-7-40.1 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to tax credits for business enterprises in less developed areas, so as to revise the military zones that qualify for designation as less developed areas; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Income tax; increase amount of dependent exemption. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 2 of Chapter 7 of Title 48 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the imposition, rate, computation, exemptions, and credits relative to income taxes, so as to increase the amount of the dependent exemption; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date and applicability; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Colton-McNeill Act; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 5 of Chapter 5 of Title 16 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to cruelty to children, so as to enact the "Colton-McNeill Act"; to provide for sentencing of a person convicted of cruelty to children in the first or second degree against a disabled minor; to provide a definition; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Income tax; match tax rate imposed on corporations to that imposed on individual taxpayers. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 2 of Chapter 7 of Title 48 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the imposition, rate, computation, exemptions, and credits relative to income taxes, so as to match the rate of the tax imposed on corporations to that imposed on individual taxpayers; to amend Chapter 13 of Title 48 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to specific, business, and occupation taxes, so as to repeal the corporate net worth tax; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date and applicability; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Cherokee County; homestead exemption; provide full value exemption for senior and disabled residents. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing a homestead exemption from Cherokee County School District ad valorem taxes for educational purposes for the full value of the homestead for certain residents of that school district who have annual incomes not exceeding $16,000.00 and who are 62 years of age or over, approved March 10, 1988 (Ga. L. 1988, p. 3677), as amended, so as to provide for a full value exemption for senior and disabled residents; to provide for a residency requirement and grandfathering of certain residents; to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to provide for a referendum, effective dates, automatic repeal, mandatory execution of election, and judicial remedies regarding failure to comply; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: State government; Southeast Georgia Soap Box Derby as official soap box derby of the State of Georgia; designate. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 3 of Chapter 3 of Title 50 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to state symbols, so as to designate the Southeast Georgia Soap Box Derby as the official soap box derby of the State of Georgia; to provide for promotion of the Southeast Georgia Soap Box Derby; to provide for legislative findings; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Education; repeal requirement of screening of public school children for scoliosis; provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 20 of the O.C.G.A., relating to education, so as to repeal the requirement of screening of public school children for scoliosis; to amend Title 31 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to health, so as to revise the state health officer's authorization to issue standing orders; to repeal provisions relating to the Georgia Diabetes Control Grant Program; to revise a definition; to repeal provisions relating to a pilot program for preexposure prophylaxis drug assistance or services; to repeal provisions relating to control of mass gatherings; to amend Title 42 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to penal institutions, so as to repeal a provision requiring the Department of Public Health to inspect facilities; to make conforming changes; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Ad valorem tax; property; provide mandatory reappraisal of parcels. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 5 of Title 48 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to ad valorem taxation of property, so as to provide for mandatory reappraisal of parcels; to require estimated roll-back rate information on annual notices of current assessment; to provide for a definition; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Utility Worker Protection Act; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 5 of Title 16 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to crimes against the person, so as to provide for protections for utility workers; to provide for a definition; to provide for enhanced penalties for simple assault, aggravated assault, simple battery, and aggravated battery committed upon utility workers in certain circumstances; to provide for a short title; to provide for an effective date and applicability; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Orchette Social and Civic Club; 70th anniversary; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Orchette Social and Civic Club on the event of its 70th anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Pharmacies; board regulates sale and supply of opioid antagonists through vending machines; authorize. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 3 of Chapter 13 of Title 16 of the O.C.G.A., relating to dangerous drugs, so as to expand the exemption of naloxone from the definition of a dangerous drug to include any opioid antagonist when used for drug overdose prevention; to amend Chapter 4 of Title 26 of the O.C.G.A., relating to pharmacists and pharmacies, so as to authorize the board of pharmacy to regulate the sale and supply of opioid antagonists through vending machines; to provide that practitioners may dispense and supply opioid antagonists to certain individuals and entities; to repeal the requirement that an opioid antagonist must have a prescription in order for a individual who administers it to have civil, criminal, and professional immunity; to provide immunity for harm reduction organizations that supply opioid antagonists to certain individuals; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Georgia Commission on Maternal and Infant Health; create. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 2A of Title 31 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the Department of Public Health, so as to create the Georgia Commission on Maternal and Infant Health; to provide for its composition, membership, duties, and responsibilities; to provide for a definition; to provide for funding; to provide for automatic repeal; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Mortgage lenders and brokers; prohibit unfair or deceptive practices in consumer transactions related to mortgage trigger leads. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 13 of Chapter 1 of Title 7 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to licensing of mortgage lenders and mortgage brokers, so as to prohibit unfair or deceptive practices in consumer transactions related to mortgage trigger leads; to provide for a definition; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Savannah-Georgia Convention Center Authority; maximum amount of bonded indebtedness of the authority; increase. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 50-7-55 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to creation of Savannah-Georgia Convention Center Authority, membership, and powers, so as to increase the maximum amount of bonded indebtedness of the authority; to authorize the authority to condemn public property; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Gwinnett County; Recorders Court; modify how clerk of court is appointed. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating the Recorder's Court of Gwinnett County, approved March 27, 1972 (Ga. L. 1972, p. 3125), as amended, particularly by an Act approved April 13, 2001 (Ga. L. 2001, p. 4297) and an Act approved April 11, 2012 (Ga. L. 2012, p. 5149), so as to modify how the clerk of court is appointed; to revise provisions relating to the bonding and insuring of said clerk; to change the compensation of the judge pro hac vice; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Contracts; increase dollar value of certain public works contracts exempt from provisions relating to retention of contractual payments. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 10 of Title 13 of the O.C.G.A., relating to contracts for public works, so as to increase the dollar value of certain public works contracts exempt from provisions relating to retention of contractual payments; to amend Article 10 of Chapter 2 of Title 20, relating to contracts and purchases by public schools, so as to increase the dollar value trigger of certain considerations related to in-state purchasing preferences for certain contracts and purchases; to amend Article 11 of Chapter 2 of Title 20, relating to public school property and facilities, so as to increase the dollar value related to when certain school construction contracts must be subject to competitive bidding; to amend Chapter 91 of Title 36 of the O.C.G.A., relating to public works bidding; to amend Part 1 of Article 3 of Chapter 5 of Title 50, relating to general authority, duties, and procedure for state purchasing; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Health; advanced practice registered nurses and physician assistants to order home healthcare services; authorize. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 16-13-72, Code Section 31-6-2, and Article 7 of Chapter 7 of Title 31 of the O.C.G.A., relating to the sale, distribution, or possession of dangerous drugs, definitions relative to state health planning and development, and home health agencies, respectively, so as to authorize advanced practice registered nurses and physician assistants to order home healthcare services; to amend Title 43 of the O.C.G.A., relating to professions and businesses; to authorize the Georgia Board of Nursing to establish a professional health program to provide for monitoring and rehabilitation of impaired healthcare professionals; to repeal the prohibition on delegating to advanced practice registered nurses the authority to sign death certificates; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: State symbols; cornbread as official state bread; designate. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 3 of Chapter 3 of Title 50 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to other state symbols, so as to designate cornbread as the official state bread; to provide legislative findings and declarations; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Insurance Business Transfer Act; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 52 of Title 33 of the O.C.G.A., relating to assumption reinsurance agreements, so as to enact the "Insurance Business Transfer Act"; to provide for a short title; to provide for legislative intent; to provide for definitions; to provide for court authority; to provide for notice requirements; to provide for an application procedure; to provide for court review of a petition; to provide for ongoing jurisdiction by the court; to provide for court approval; to provide for appeal; to provide for confidentiality; to provide for ongoing oversight by the Commissioner; to provide for certain fees and costs to be borne by the applicant; to provide for compensation, costs, and expenses of the independent expert and any consultants to be borne jointly by the transferring insurer and assuming insurer; to provide for dismissal of petition; to provide for construction; to make conforming changes; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Carrollton Lions Club; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Carrollton Lions Club; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Revenue and taxation; limitation on leased property as to certain entities; remove. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 48-5-7.4 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to bona fide conservation use property, residential transitional property, application procedures, penalties for breach of covenant, classification on tax digest, and annual report, so as to remove a limitation on leased property as to certain entities; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date and applicability; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: State government; prohibit governmental agencies from using central bank digital currency as payment. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 50 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to state government, so as to prohibit governmental agencies from using central bank digital currency as payment and from participating in testing the use of such currency; to provide for definitions; to provide for legislative findings; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Motor vehicles; issuance of refusal to sign citation; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 40-13-2.1 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to signature on citations required, effect of failure to sign, exemption for out-of-state drivers, and electronic capture of signature, so as to provide for the issuance of refusal to sign citation; to provide for penalty; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Motor vehicles; federal regulations regarding safe operation of motor carriers and commercial motor vehicles; update reference date. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 40-1-8 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to safe operations of motor carriers, commercial motor vehicles, and drivers and safe transportation of hazardous materials, so as to update the reference date to federal regulations regarding the safe operation of motor carriers and commercial motor vehicles; to revise a definition; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Ad valorem tax; assessment of standing timber; authorize disclosure of records to State Forestry Commission. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 48-5-7.5 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to assessment of standing timber, penalty for failure to timely report, effect of reduction of property tax digest, and supplemental assessment, so as to authorize the disclosure of records to the State Forestry Commission; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Summerville, City of; levy an excise tax. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to authorize the governing authority of the City of Summerville to levy an excise tax pursuant to subsection (b) of Code Section 48-13-51 of the O.C.G.A.; to provide procedures, conditions, and limitations; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Chattooga County; levy an excise tax. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to authorize the governing authority of Chattooga County to levy an excise tax pursuant to subsection (b) of Code Section 48-13-51 of the O.C.G.A.; to provide for procedures, conditions, and limitations; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Chattooga County; board of elections and registration; create. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to create a board of elections and registration for Chattooga County; to provide for its powers and duties; to provide for definitions; to provide for the composition of the board and the selection, qualifications, terms, and removal of members; to provide for vacancies; to provide for oaths and privileges; to provide for the conduct of primaries and elections; to provide for meetings; to provide duties of the chairperson; to allow for joint primaries; to authorize the conduct of municipal elections; to provide for the election supervisor; to provide compensation for board members and staff; to provide for offices, supplies, and other materials; to provide for required training; to provide for the transfer of powers, duties, facilities, and personal property; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Trion, Town of; levy an excise tax. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to authorize the governing authority of the Town of Trion to levy an excise tax pursuant to subsection (b) of Code Section 48-13-51 of the O.C.G.A.; to provide procedures, conditions, and limitations; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jefferson, City of; homestead exemption; revise existing exemptions and add new exemption. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing a homestead exemption from City of Jefferson independent school district ad valorem taxes for educational purposes in the amount of $10,000.00 of the assessed value of the homestead for certain residents of that school district who are 62 years of age or over and an additional homestead exemption in the amount of $20,000.00 of the assessed value of the homestead for certain residents of that school district who are 65 years of age or over and whose net income, excluding certain retirement income, does not exceed $18,000.00, approved April 25, 2002 (Ga. L. 2002, p. 4353), as amended, so as to revise existing exemptions and add a new exemption; to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Terrell County; Probate Court judge also serves as chief magistrate judge of Magistrate Court; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide that the judge of the Probate Court of Terrell County shall also serve as the chief magistrate judge of the Magistrate Court of Terrell County on and after January 1, 2025; to provide for the continuation in office and expiration of term of the current chief magistrate judge; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Health; drug repository program; revise definitions; provide for pharmacist to pharmacy technician ratios. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 10 of Chapter 8 of Title 31 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the drug repository program, so as to revise definitions; to provide for pharmacist to pharmacy technician ratios in the program; to require reverse drug distributors to make and document diligent efforts to donate drugs rather than destroy them; to provide for substitution of drugs in some instances; to provide for the intent of the General Assembly with respect to settlement funds received by the state relating to prescription drugs; to amend Code Section 48-8-3 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to exemptions from sales and use taxes, so as to exempt sales to or by certain eligible recipients; to provide for related matters; to provide for legislative findings; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Local government; zoning; repeal additional hearing and notice provisions regarding halfway houses, drug rehabilitation centers, or other facilities for treatment of drug dependency. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 36-66-4 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to hearings on proposed zoning decisions, notice of hearing, nongovernmental initiated actions, reconsideration of defeated actions, and procedure on zoning, so as to repeal additional hearing and notice provisions regarding halfway houses, drug rehabilitation centers, or other facilities for treatment of drug dependency; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Forsyth County Civil Service System Act; revise provisions exempting certain employees of the sheriff from the civil service system. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend the Forsyth County Civil Service System Act creating the Forsyth County Civil Service System, approved March 13, 1978 (Ga. L. 1978, p. 3572), as amended, particularly by an Act approved May 3, 2006 (Ga. L. 2006, p. 4038), so as to revise provisions exempting certain employees of the sheriff from the civil service system and from any rights, protections, privileges, or right of appeal under the civil service system; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Notaries public; state agencies shall accept certain notarial acts performed in another state; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 1 of Chapter 17 of Title 45 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to general provisions regarding notaries public, so as to provide that state agencies shall accept certain notarial acts performed in another state; to provide for definitions; to provide that a notarial act may be exercised in any county in this state; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Georgia Board of Health Care Workforce; grant program to provide funding to eligible institutions for additional behavioral health workforce training positions; create. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 10 of Title 49 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the Georgia Board of Health Care Workforce, so as to create a grant program to provide funding to eligible institutions for additional behavioral health workforce training positions; to provide for definitions; to provide for eligibility criteria; to provide for funding sources; to provide for applications; to provide for funding limitations; to create a behavioral health provider loan repayment program; to provide for definitions; to provide for written contracts with program participants; to provide for payment criteria; to provide for maximum amounts; to provide for prioritization of applications; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Community Health, Department of; Georgia Program of All-Inclusive Care for the Elderly (PACE); establish and implement. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 6 of Title 49 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to services for the aging, so as create a new adult day center licensure exclusion; to authorize the Department of Community Health to establish and implement the Georgia Program of All-Inclusive Care for the Elderly (PACE) as part of the state's medical assistance program; to provide for definitions; to exempt PACE organizations from the requirement to obtain a certificate of authority as a health maintenance organization; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Waynesboro, City of; Redevelopment Powers Law; authorize. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to authorize the City of Waynesboro, Georgia, to exercise all redevelopment and other powers provided for under Article IX, Section II, Paragraph VII(b) of the Georgia Constitution and Chapter 44 of Title 36 of the O.C.G.A., the "Redevelopment Powers Law," as amended; to provide for a referendum; to provide for effective dates; to provide for automatic repeal under certain circumstances; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Community Health, Department of; adult residential mental health services licensing; extend grace periods. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 7 of Chapter 3 of Title 37 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to adult residential mental health services licensing, so as to extend grace periods applicable to the Department of Community Health, including creation and promulgation of rules and regulations and the issuance of a one-time provisional license; to extend the grace period for adult residential mental health programs to obtain licensure and the time during which they may continue to operate before being deemed an "unlicensed adult residential mental health program"; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: City of Chamblee Public Facilities Authority Act; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to create the City of Chamblee Public Facilities Authority; to provide that the authority is a body corporate and politic and an instrumentality of the State of Georgia; to provide for the validation of such bonds and to fix the venue for jurisdiction of actions relating to any provision of this Act; to provide for immunity and exemption from liability for torts and negligence; to provide that the property of the authority shall not be subject to levy and sale; to provide that certain moneys are trust funds; to provide that this Act shall be liberally construed; to define the scope of the authority's operation; to provide for disposition of property upon dissolution of the authority; to provide for severability; to provide for a short title; to provide for an effective date; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Baldwin County; board of elections and registration; create. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to create a board of elections and registration for Baldwin County; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Mayorga, Milena; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Milena Mayorga; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Barrow County; ad valorem tax for educational purposes for certain senior citizens with certain maximum incomes; provide homestead exemption. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide a homestead exemption from Barrow County school district ad valorem taxes for educational purposes for certain senior citizens with certain maximum incomes in an amount equal to the amount by which the current year assessed value of a homestead exceeds the base year assessed value of such homestead; to provide for definitions; to specify the terms and conditions of the exemption and the procedures relating thereto; to provide for applicability and eligibility; to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to provide for a referendum, effective dates, automatic repeal, mandatory execution of election, and judicial remedies regarding failure to comply; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Barrow County; ad valorem tax for educational purposes for certain senior citizens with certain maximum incomes; provide homestead exemption. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide a homestead exemption from Barrow County school district ad valorem taxes for educational purposes for certain senior citizens with certain maximum incomes; to provide for definitions; to specify the terms and conditions of the exemption and the procedures relating thereto; to provide for applicability and eligibility; to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to provide for a referendum, effective dates, automatic repeal, mandatory execution of election, and judicial remedies regarding failure to comply; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Barrow County; ad valorem tax for educational purposes for certain senior citizens with certain maximum incomes; provide homestead exemption. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide a homestead exemption from Barrow County school district ad valorem taxes for educational purposes for certain senior citizens with certain maximum incomes; to provide for definitions; to specify the terms and conditions of the exemption and the procedures relating thereto; to provide for applicability and eligibility; to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to provide for a referendum, effective dates, automatic repeal, mandatory execution of election, and judicial remedies regarding failure to comply; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Income tax; contributions to foster child support organizations; expand tax credit. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 2 of Chapter 7 of Title 48 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the imposition, rate, computation, exemptions, and credits relative to income taxes, so as to expand the tax credit for contributions to foster child support organizations to allow such organizations to include as qualified expenditures wraparound and mentorship services for justice involved youth; to expand the wraparound services that are qualified expenditures; to provide for such tax credits to be used by certain insurance companies against certain tax liability; to provide for conditions and limitations; to provide for reporting requirements; to remove the prohibition of allowing such a tax credit for qualified contributions that were utilized as a deduction or exemption from taxable income; to provide for definitions; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date and applicability; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Clayton County; compensation of chief magistrate; revise provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing for the chief magistrate of Clayton County, approved March 21, 1984 (Ga. L. 1984, p. 4411), as amended, particularly by an Act approved May 4, 2006 (Ga. L. 2006, p. 4136), so as to revise provisions regarding compensation of the chief magistrate; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Baldwin County; board of commissioners; provide staggered terms. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating a board of commissioners of Baldwin County, approved December 26, 1888 (Ga. L. 1888, p. 286), as amended, particularly by an Act approved February 26, 1992 (Ga. L. 1992, p. 4786), so as to provide for staggered terms for the board of commissioners; to provide for initial terms; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Professional licensing boards; continuing education tracking solution to monitor compliance of licensees with applicable continuing education requirements; establish. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 1 of Title 43 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to general provisions of professions and businesses, so as to establish on behalf of professional licensing boards under the jurisdiction of the office of the Secretary of State a continuing education tracking solution to monitor compliance of licensees with applicable continuing education requirements; to provide for definitions; to require compliance with continuing education requirements prior to the issuance of certain licenses; to provide for the adoption of rules and regulations; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Crimes and offenses; knowing entry upon land or premises of another that has been marked with purple paint; provide for the crime of criminal trespass. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Part 1 of Article 2 of Chapter 7 of Title 16 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to general provisions relative to criminal trespass and damage to property, so as to provide for the crime of criminal trespass upon the knowing entry upon land or premises of another that has been marked with purple paint; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Revenue, Department of; authorize use of electronic notifications and communications to motor vehicle owners; provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 40 of the O.C.G.A., relating to motor vehicles and traffic, so as to authorize the use of electronic notifications and communications by the Department of Revenue to motor vehicle owners relative to motor vehicle registration and certificates of title upon consent; to provide for standards and conditions to obtain such consent; to provide for the issuance of vehicle registration and license plates for government owned vehicles; to provide for exceptions; to revise a definition; to provide for conforming changes; to provide for the establishment of a system for the electronic storage and transfer of certificates of title; to authorize the transfer of certificates of title or granting of security interests therein electronically; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Quality Basic Education Act; address mental health risks for student athletes. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 6 of Chapter 2 of Title 20 of the O.C.G.A., the "Quality Basic Education Act," so as to address mental health risks for student athletes; to provide for mental health screenings in addition to or in conjunction with preparticipation physical examinations for student athletes; to provide for guidelines and other relevant materials to inform and educate public school and participating private school student athletes, their parents or guardians, school personnel, and coaches about screening student athletes for mental health risks and raising awareness of mental health resources available to student athletes; to provide for definitions; to provide for informational meetings; to require annual review by coaches; to provide for limited liability; to encourage additional implementation; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Criminal Alien Track and Report Act of 2024; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 42 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to penal institutions, so as to require the commissioner of corrections to report certain information regarding the immigration status, offenses, and home countries of persons who are confined under the authority of the Department of Corrections; to provide for standard procedures for intake and booking of aliens and foreign nationals; to provide for quarterly reports by jailers regarding foreign born inmates; to provide for penalties; to provide for related matters; to provide for a short title; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Tybee Island, City of; Municipal Court; charge technology fee. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to authorize the Municipal Court of the City of Tybee Island to charge a technology fee; to specify the uses to which such technology fees may be applied; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Data Analysis for Tort Reform Act; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 33 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to insurance, so as to enact the "Data Analysis for Tort Reform Act"; to provide for definitions; to provide for applicability; to provide for data collection from certain insurers, insurance rating organizations, and state agencies; to provide for confidentiality; to provide for data analysis; to provide for reports; to provide for automatic repeal; to provide for related matters; to provide for a short title; to provide for legislative findings; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Sales and use tax; revise provisions for maximum allowable tax rate; remove prohibition of simultaneously levying a LOST and a HOST. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 8 of Title 48 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to sales and use taxes, so as to revise provisions for the maximum allowable sales and use tax rate; to remove the prohibition of simultaneously levying a LOST and a HOST; to phase out certain local sales taxes and authorize a new flexible penny local option sales tax ('FLOST'); to provide for audits and reports; to provide for the withholding of funds by the state under certain circumstances; to amend Article 2 of Chapter 9 of Title 32 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the Metropolitan Atlanta Rapid Transit Authority (MARTA), so as to remove provisions exempting certain retail sales and use taxes from the cap on local sales taxes; to provide for related matters; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Income tax credit; rehabilitation of historic structures; home portion; extend sunset date. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 2 of Chapter 7 of Title 48 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the imposition, rate, computation, exemptions, and credits relative to income taxes, so as to extend the sunset date for the historic home portion of the tax credits for the rehabilitation of historic structures; to extend a provision for an automatic repeal of such tax credits; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Education; provide for funding requirements to apply to local agencies; charter schools; provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 2 of Title 20 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to secondary and elementary education, so as to provide for funding requirements to apply to local education agencies; to provide for one superintendent for each state charter school; to provide for funding for local and state charter school principals; to increase opportunities for students to attend and be enrolled in the public schools where their parents or guardians are employed, including charter schools, regardless of school attendance zone or school system residency; to limit the application of certain state charter school conflict of interest provisions to executive-level employees, rather than all employees, of local boards of education or local school systems; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Education; needs based financial aid program; provide for a definition. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Subpart 2A of Part 3 of Article 7 of Chapter 3 of Title 20 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the needs based financial aid program, so as to provide for a definition; to extend an automatic repealer; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Labor and industrial relations; phase out payment of subminimum wage to persons with disabilities. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 34 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to labor and industrial relations, so as to phase out the payment of subminimum wage to persons with disabilities; to repeal provisions concerning exemptions to the state minimum wage law for persons with disabilities; to provide that no employer shall utilize a certificate issued by the United States Department of Labor pursuant to 29 U.S.C. Section 214(c) to pay individuals with disabilities less than the federal minimum wage; to provide exceptions; to provide for related matters; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Agriculture, Department of; enforce certain criminal laws; authorize. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 2 of the O.C.G.A., relating to agriculture, so as to authorize the Department of Agriculture to enforce certain criminal laws; to regulate consumable hemp products; to provide for the amendment of regulatory plans submitted to the secretary of agriculture of the United States; to provide for the promulgation of rules and regulations; to amend Chapter 12 of Title 16 of the O.C.G.A., relating to offenses against public health and morals, so as to prohibit the sale of consumable hemp products to individuals under the age of 21 years; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dexter, Town of; provide new charter. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide a new charter for the Town of Dexter; to provide for other matters relative to the foregoing; to repeal a specific Act; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Invest Georgia Fund; provide additional factor that the fund administrator shall consider in the selection of venture capital funds. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 10-10-14 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to fund administrator and investments relative to the Invest Georgia Fund, so as to provide for an additional factor that the fund administrator shall consider in the selection of venture capital funds; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Haralson County; ad valorem tax; educational purposes; homestead exemption; increase amount. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to provide a homestead exemption from Haralson County School District ad valorem taxes for educational purposes in the amount of $8,000.00 of the assessed value of the homestead for certain residents of that school district who have annual incomes not exceeding $10,000.00 and who are 65 years of age or over, approved April 9, 1999 (Ga. L. 1999, p. 4087), as amended, so as to increase the amount of the exemption and repeal a maximum income restriction; to provide for a definition; to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to provide for a referendum, effective dates, automatic repeal, mandatory execution of election, and judicial remedies regarding failure to comply; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Telfair County; ad valorem tax; educational purposes; provide homestead exemption. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide a homestead exemption from Telfair County School District ad valorem taxes for educational purposes in an amount equal to the amount by which the current year assessed value of a homestead exceeds the base year assessed value of such homestead up to a maximum amount; to provide for definitions; to specify the terms and conditions of the exemption and the procedures relating thereto; to provide for applicability; to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to provide for a referendum, effective dates, automatic repeal, mandatory execution of election, and judicial remedies regarding failure to comply; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Telfair County; ad valorem tax; county purposes; provide homestead exemption. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide a homestead exemption from Telfair County ad valorem taxes for county purposes in an amount equal to the amount by which the current year assessed value of a homestead exceeds the base year assessed value of such homestead up to a maximum amount; to provide for definitions; to specify the terms and conditions of the exemption and the procedures relating thereto; to provide for applicability; to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to provide for a referendum, effective dates, automatic repeal, mandatory execution of election, and judicial remedies regarding failure to comply; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bartow County; ad valorem tax; homestead exemption for education purposes; increase income cap. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to provide a homestead exemption from certain Bartow County School District ad valorem taxes for education purposes in the amount of $28,000.00 of the assessed value of the homestead for certain residents of that school district who are disabled and who do not have a gross income from all sources, including Social Security and any other retirement or disability income and including the income of all members of the family residing within said homestead, exceeding $20,000.00 per annum for the immediately preceding year, approved April 5, 1994 (Ga. L. 1994, p. 4900), so as to increase the income cap to $36,000.00; to provide for a referendum, effective dates, and automatic repeal, mandatory execution of election, and judicial remedies regarding failure to comply; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Natural Resources, Department of; EPD to issue water permits to private companies in areas where no public service can be provided within a period of 12 months; require. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Part 2 of Article 3 of Chapter 5 of Title 12 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to ground-water use generally, so as to require the Environmental Protection Division of the Department of Natural Resources to issue water permits to private companies in areas where no public service can be provided within a period of 12 months; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to provide for automatic repeal; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Local government; require local constitutional officers to annually report audits of discretionary funds to the General Assembly. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 1 of Chapter 81 of Title 36 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to local government budgets and audits, so as to require local constitutional officers to annually report audits of discretionary funds to the General Assembly; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Motor vehicles; fingerprints shall not be obtained for offenses relating to window tinting; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 40-8-73.1 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to tinting of windows or windshields of motor vehicles, so as to provide that fingerprints shall not be obtained for offenses relating to operation of a motor vehicle with unauthorized levels of window or windshield tinting or unlawful installation of such; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Internal Revenue Code and Internal Revenue Code of 1986; revise terms and incorporate certain provisions of federal law into Georgia law. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 48 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to revenue and taxation, so as to revise the terms "Internal Revenue Code" and "Internal Revenue Code of 1986" and thereby incorporate certain provisions of the federal law into Georgia law; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date and applicability; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Criminal Justice Coordinating Council; replace chairperson of the Governor's Office of Children and Families with the commissioner of the Georgia Department of Behavioral Health and Developmental Disabilities. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 35-6A-3 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to membership, vacancies, and membership not bar to holding public office, so as to replace the chairperson of the Governor's Office of Children and Families with the commissioner of the Georgia Department of Behavioral Health and Developmental Disabilities on the Criminal Justice Coordinating Council; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Public Health, Department of; require certain state government buildings, courthouses, and university buildings maintain and make accessible opioid antagonists. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 2A of Title 31 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the Department of Public Health, so as to require that certain state government buildings, courthouses, and university buildings maintain and make accessible opioid antagonists; to provide for definitions; to provide for the identification, development, and dissemination of educational materials and for the development of a model policy for training individuals on emergency opioid antagonist administration by the department; to provide that certain government entities shall establish and implement an internal policy; to provide for immunity; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Water rights; public trust doctrine; remove references. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 8 of Title 44 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to water rights, so as to remove references to the public trust doctrine; to provide that members of the public have the right to use all navigable streams as highways and for hunting and fishing; to provide for statutory construction; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Harris County Public Improvements Authority; revise purpose. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to create the Harris County Public Improvements Authority and to provide for the appointment of members of the Authority, approved April 5, 1995 (Ga. L. 1995, p. 4052), so as to revise the purpose of the authority; to revise a definition; to provide for the acquisition of property through condemnation; to provide for reversion of assets upon dissolution; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Income tax credit; film, gaming, video, or digital production; revise a definition. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 48-7-40.26 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to income tax credits for film, gaming, video, or digital production, so as to revise a definition; to provide for an application requirement; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date and applicability; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Income tax; limit carry-forward periods of certain income tax credits. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 7 of Title 48 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to income taxes, so as to limit the carry-forward periods of certain income tax credits; to provide for expirations of certain credits; to amend Code Sections 3-6-70, 33-8-13, 48-5C-1, 48-8-3, and 48-11-2 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to exemptions from excise tax on wine, exemption of certain insurance companies from taxes, definitions, exemption from taxation, allocation and disbursement of proceeds collected by tag agents, fair market value of vehicle appealable, and report relative to alternative ad valorem tax on motor vehicles, state sales and use tax exemptions, and excise tax imposed, rates for tobacco and vaping products, exemptions, collection and payment, and tax separately identified, respectively, so as to provide for sunset dates; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date and applicability; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Income tax; low-income housing tax credits; revise. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 1 of Title 33 and Chapter 7 of Title 48 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to general provisions regarding insurance and income taxes, respectively, so as to revise the low-income housing tax credits; to provide that such tax credits shall be termed the Georgia affordable housing tax credits; to reduce the amount of such credits for certain projects; to authorize such credits in an amount equal to the federal credit for certain projects; to provide for definitions; to provide for open records; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date and applicability; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Education; local school systems to provide certain information to parents and guardians of students in grades six through 12 on Type 1 and Type 2 diabetes; require. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Part 3 of Article 16 of Chapter 2 of Title 20 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to student health in elementary and secondary education, so as to require local school systems to provide certain information to parents and guardians of students in grades six through 12 on Type 1 and Type 2 diabetes whenever other health information is provided; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Rosell, Johanes; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Johanes Rosell; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Revenue and taxation; statewide homestead exemption from ad valorem taxes when current year assessed value exceeds the inflation rate; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Part 1 of Article 2 of Chapter 5 of Title 48 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to tax exemption, so as to provide for a statewide homestead exemption from ad valorem taxes in an amount equal to any amount by which the current year assessed value of a homestead exceeds the inflation rate from the adjusted base year value of such homestead; to provide for definitions; to specify the terms and conditions of the exemption and the procedures relating thereto; to provide for applicability; to provide for approval by local governing authorities; to provide for related matters; to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to provide for a referendum, effective dates, and automatic repeal; to provide for contingent repeal; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Peace officers; extend time frame for which reimbursement of total training expenses by a subsequent employer may be sought. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 8 of Title 35 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to employment and training of peace officers, so as to extend the time frame for which reimbursement of total training expenses by a subsequent employer of a peace officer may be sought; to remove partial reimbursement of such training expenses; to limit total training expenses to certain costs; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Barwick, City of; municipal court to collect a technology fee; authorize. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing a new charter for the City of Barwick, approved April 26, 2016 (Ga. L. 2016, p. 3699), so as to authorize the municipal court to collect a technology fee; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Secretary of State; division director to issue licenses in certain instances; authorize. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 43 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to professions and businesses, so as to authorize the division director within the office of the Secretary of State to issue licenses in instances when the requirements for licensure have been met and the professional licensing board fails to act within a certain time period; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Motor vehicles; require operation of flashing or revolving amber lights upon certain vehicles. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 40 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to motor vehicles and traffic, so as to require the operation of flashing or revolving amber lights upon certain vehicles; to provide for penalties; to provide for conforming changes; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Income tax; expand revitalization zone tax credits to include rehabilitation of historic residential structures. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 2 of Chapter 7 of Title 48 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the imposition, rate, computation, exemptions, and credits relative to income taxes, so as to expand the revitalization zone tax credits to include rehabilitation of historic residential structures; to authorize the extension of a designation as a revitalization zone; to authorize areas to be designated as revitalization zones more than once; to provide that no new designations or extensions shall be made after a certain date; to provide for information sharing; to extend a provision for an automatic repeal; to provide for definitions; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date and applicability; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: State government; auditor produce certain monthly and annual reports ; replace requirement. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 50-6-25 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to maintenance of statistics on architectural and engineering firms doing business with the state and ineligibility of firms, so as to replace the requirement that the state auditor produce certain monthly reports with the requirement that he or she produce annual reports; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Criminal procedure; vacating of sentences of victims of trafficking; provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Sections 17-10-21 and 35-3-37 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to vacating of sentence for trafficking victim defendants and review of individual's criminal history record information, definitions, privacy considerations, written application requesting review, and inspection, respectively, so as to provide for the vacating of sentences of victims of trafficking sentenced under Article 3 of Chapter 8 of Title 42, relating to first offenders; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Douglas County; State Court; add third judge. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating the State Court of Douglas County, approved April 1, 1999 (Ga. L. 1999, p. 3606), as amended, particularly by an Act approved May 13, 2008 (Ga. L. 2008, p. 3847), and an Act approved May 6, 2009 (Ga. L. 2009, p. 3863), so as to add a third judge for the State Court of Douglas County; to provide for the appointment of the initial additional judge and the election of successors; to provide for terms of office of said additional judge and successors to such judge; to update certain provisions to account for additional judges; to provide for related matters; to provide effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dispossessory proceedings; authorize landlords to use certain off-duty sheriffs, constables, or marshals to execute writs of possession; provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 3 of Chapter 7 of Title 44 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to dispossessory proceedings, so as to authorize landlords to use certain off-duty sheriffs, constables, or marshals to execute writs of possession in certain circumstances if a sheriff, constable, or marshal is not able to execute a writ within 30 days of the landlord's initial request; to provide for sheriffs, constables, and marshals to maintain lists of such authorized off-duty sheriffs, constables, and marshals in their jurisdictions; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Elections; proofing of ballots by local superintendents in certain races; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 2 of Title 21 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to elections and primaries generally, so as to provide for proofing of ballots by local superintendents in certain races; to provide candidates the opportunity to review and verify such candidates' identifying information on such ballots prior to its printing or programming; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Agriculture; agricultural commodity commissions; revise a definition. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 2-8-11 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to definitions regarding agricultural commodity commissions, so as to revise a definition; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Clayton County; limit power to deny county services to any resident on the basis of any private debts owed by the resident to another private party. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to restrict and limit the powers of Clayton County to deny county services to a resident of such county on the basis of any private debts owed by the resident to another private party; to recite constitutional authority; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Wills, trusts and administration of estates; notice to beneficiaries of a testate estate; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 1 of Chapter 5 of Title 53 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to general provisions relative to probate, so as to provide notice to beneficiaries of a testate estate; to provide for legislative construction; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Soil Amendment Act of 1976; provide for a new prohibited act. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 3 of Chapter 12 of Title 2 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, the 'Georgia Soil Amendment Act of 1976,' so as to provide for a new prohibited act; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dalton, City of; provide new charter. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide a new charter for the City of Dalton in Whitfield County, Georgia; to provide for incorporation, boundaries, and powers of the city; to provide for a municipal court and the judge or judges thereof; to provide for practices and procedures; to provide for taxation and fees; to provide for franchises, service charges, and assessments; to provide for bonded and other indebtedness; to provide for accounting and budgeting; to provide for the sale of property; to provide for penalties; to provide for an independent school system; to provide for public utilities; to provide for definitions and construction; to provide for fire and police departments and chiefs thereof; to provide for related matters; to provide for prior ordinances and pending matters; to repeal specific Acts; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Edison, City of; municipal court to collect a technology fee; authorize. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing a new charter for the City of Edison, approved May 3, 2021 (Ga. L. 2021, p. 3751), so as to authorize the municipal court to collect a technology fee; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Fire departments; authorize levy and collection of extraterritorial taxes and fees. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 3 of Title 25 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to local fire departments generally, so as to expressly authorize the levy and collection of extraterritorial taxes and fees to support local fire departments; to provide that such powers are in addition to and supplemental of any other authorizations currently provided by law; to establish limits on such extraterritorial taxes and fees; to provide for related matters; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Motor vehicles; vehicle registration of special mobile equipment that are self-propelled cranes in order to authorize operation of such upon public highways; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 40 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to motor vehicles and traffic, so as to provide for vehicle registration of special mobile equipment that are self-propelled cranes in order to authorize operation of such upon public highways; to revise and provide for definitions; to provide for exceptions from certain federal requirements for certain vehicles and equipment; to authorize the issuance of certificates of title for self-propelled cranes; to provide for an annual licensing fee for such equipment; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Black Commerce Day at the state capitol; February 27, 2023; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 27, 2023, as Black Commerce Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Motor vehicles; operation of miniature on-road vehicles on certain highways; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 40 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to motor vehicles and traffic, so as to provide for the operation of miniature on-road vehicles on certain highways; to provide for standards for registration of such vehicles; to provide for issuance of license plates for miniature on-road vehicles; to provide for an annual licensing fee for such vehicles; to provide for issuance of certificates of title by the Department of Revenue for such vehicles; to provide for equipment and operating standards for such vehicles; to provide local authorities with the power to prohibit operation of miniature on-road vehicles; to require posting of notice of such prohibition upon highways; to revise and provide for a definition; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Uniform Commercial Code Modernization Act of 2024; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 11 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the commercial code, so as to update and modernize various statutes in the commercial code relating to commercial transactions in order to maintain uniformity in this state's statutes governing commercial transactions as recommended by the National Conference of Commissioners on Uniform State Laws; to establish commercial law for transactions involving digital assets; to provide for a short title; to renumber Article 12 as Article 13; to add a new Article 12 to the commercial code pertaining to controllable electronic records; to add a new Article 12A pertaining to transitional provisions; to make conforming amendments; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Smyrna, City of; revise compensation of mayor and councilmembers. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating a new charter for the City of Smyrna, approved August 27, 1931 (Ga. L. 1931, p. 955), as amended, particularly by an Act approved March 18, 1986 (Ga. L. 1986, p. 3951), so as to revise the compensation of the mayor and councilmembers; to provide for related matters; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Clayton County Public Facilities Authority; create. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to create the Clayton County Public Facilities Authority; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cobb County; Probate Court; change compensation of clerk. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act changing the compensation of the clerk of the superior court, the sheriff, and the judge of the Probate Court of Cobb County from the fee system to the salary system, approved February 9, 1949 (Ga. L. 1949, p. 427), as amended, particularly by an Act approved May 2, 2017 (Ga. L. 2017, p. 3675), so as to change the compensation of the clerk of the probate court; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cobb County; State Court; change compensation of judges. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating the State Court of Cobb County, approved March 26, 1964 (Ga. L. 1964, p. 3211), as amended, particularly by an Act approved May 3, 2023 (Ga. L. 2023, p. 4317), so as to change the compensation of judges of the State Court of Cobb County; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Property; provide for transfer-on-death deeds. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 44 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to property, so as to provide for transfer-on-death deeds; to provide for definitions; to provide for execution and recording of such deeds; to provide for a deed form; to provide for revocation or changing of grantee beneficiaries; to provide that such deeds shall not be revoked by wills; to provide for taking of interests free and clear of claims; to provide for lapsing of transfers; to provide for record owners to retain title; to provide for joint ownership; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Board of Education of McDuffie County; board member term limits; remove. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing for a seven-member Board of Education of McDuffie County, approved March 27, 1972 (Ga. L. 1972, p. 2538), as amended, particularly by an Act approved March 13, 1978 (Ga. L. 1978, p. 3666), so as to remove board member term limits; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Elbert County; ad valorem tax for educational purposes for certain senior citizens; provide homestead exemption. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide a homestead exemption from Elbert County school district ad valorem taxes for educational purposes for certain senior citizens; to provide for definitions; to specify the terms and conditions of the exemption and the procedures relating thereto; to provide for applicability; to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to provide for a referendum, effective dates, automatic repeal, mandatory execution of election, and judicial remedies regarding failure to comply; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Elbert County; ad valorem tax for county purposes for certain senior citizens; provide homestead exemption. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide a homestead exemption from Elbert County ad valorem taxes for county purposes for certain senior citizens in an amount equal to the amount by which the current year assessed value of a homestead exceeds the base year assessed value of such homestead; to provide for definitions; to specify the terms and conditions of the exemption and the procedures relating thereto; to provide for applicability and eligibility; to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to provide for a referendum, effective dates, automatic repeal, mandatory execution of election, and judicial remedies regarding failure to comply; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Elbert County; ad valorem tax for county purposes for certain senior citizens; provide homestead exemption. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide a homestead exemption from Elbert County school district ad valorem taxes for educational purposes for certain senior citizens in an amount equal to the amount by which the current year assessed value of a homestead exceeds the base year assessed value of such homestead; to provide for definitions; to specify the terms and conditions of the exemption and the procedures relating thereto; to provide for applicability and eligibility; to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to provide for a referendum, effective dates, automatic repeal, mandatory execution of election, and judicial remedies regarding failure to comply; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: The Council of Superior Court Judges of Georgia; duties related to review and approval for travel expenses; transfer from state auditor. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 15-6-30, relating to travel expenses of judges of the superior courts, so as to transfer from the state auditor to The Council of Superior Court Judges of Georgia duties related to review and approval of travel expenses; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Community Affairs, Department of; revise composition of governing council for regional commissions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Part 1 of Article 2 of Chapter 8 of Title 50 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to regional commissions, so as to revise the composition of the governing council for regional commissions; to provide for the training of members thereof; to provide for terms of office, filling of vacancies, and appointment of successors; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: The Terry Act; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 5-6-42 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to procedure for preparation and filing of transcript of evidence and proceedings where appellant designates matter to be omitted from record on appeal and extensions of time for completion of transcript, so as to provide for transcript requests; to provide a short title; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Nurses Day at the state capitol; March 16, 2023; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 16, 2023, as Nurses Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Georgia Nicotine Vapor Products Directory Act; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 2 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to agriculture, so as to enact the "Georgia Nicotine Vapor Products Directory Act"; to provide for definitions; to require the Commissioner of Agriculture to establish and maintain a directory of nicotine vapor products authorized for sale in this state; to prohibit the sale of any nicotine vapor product not listed in the directory; to provide for compliance checks; to provide for civil penalties and enforcement; to provide for rules and regulations; to require the Commissioner to provide an annual report to the General Assembly; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Professions and businesses; establish a professional health program to provide for monitoring and rehabilitation of impaired healthcare professionals; authorize. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 43 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to professions and businesses, so as to authorize the Georgia Composite Board of Professional Counselors, Social Workers, and Marriage and Family Therapists to establish a professional health program to provide for monitoring and rehabilitation of impaired healthcare professionals; to authorize the Georgia Board of Nursing to establish a professional health program to provide for monitoring and rehabilitation of impaired healthcare professionals; to provide for funding or gifts in kind; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Chapter of the Lupus Foundation of America; Lupus Advocacy Day at the state capitol; February 23, 2023; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the work of the Georgia Chapter of the Lupus Foundation of America and recognizing February 23, 2023, as Lupus Advocacy Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Tax Court Act of 2025; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 50 of the O.C.G.A., relating to state government, so as to repeal Chapter 13A, relating to tax tribunals; to amend Title 15 of the O.C.G.A., relating to courts; to provide for the application of Chapter 11 of Title 9, the 'Georgia Civil Practice Act,' discovery, and attendance of witnesses; to amend Title 5 of the O.C.G.A., relating to appeal and error; to amend Chapter 4 of Title 9 of the O.C.G.A., relating to declaratory judgments; to amend Chapter 4 of Title 23 of the O.C.G.A., relating to equity procedure; to amend Code Section 45-7-4 of the O.C.G.A., relating to annual salaries of certain state officials and cost-of-living adjustments; to amend Code Section 15-21-209 of the O.C.G.A., relating to state operation assessment against adult entertainment establishments, determination of obligation, use of funds, and administration, Title 48 of the O.C.G.A., relating to revenue and taxation, and Chapter 13 of Title 50 of the O.C.G.A., relating to administrative procedure; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hall County; ad valorem tax; county purposes; provide new homestead exemption. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide for a new homestead exemption from Hall County ad valorem taxes for county purposes in an amount equal to the amount by which the current year assessed value of a homestead exceeds the adjusted base year assessed value of such homestead; to provide for definitions; to specify the terms and conditions of the exemption and the procedures relating thereto; to provide for applicability; to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to provide for a referendum, effective dates, and automatic repeal; to provide for mandatory execution of election and judicial remedies regarding failure to comply; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Gainesville, City of; ad valorem tax; municipal purposes; provide new homestead exemption. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide for a new homestead exemption from City of Gainesville ad valorem taxes for municipal purposes in an amount equal to the amount by which the current year assessed value of a homestead exceeds the adjusted base year assessed value of such homestead; to provide for definitions; to specify the terms and conditions of the exemption and the procedures relating thereto; to provide for applicability; to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to provide for a referendum, effective dates, and automatic repeal; to provide for mandatory execution of election and judicial remedies regarding failure to comply; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hall County; ad valorem taxes; educational purposes; provide new homestead exemption. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide for a new homestead exemption from Hall County School District ad valorem taxes for educational purposes in an amount equal to the amount by which the current year assessed value of a homestead exceeds the adjusted base year assessed value of such homestead; to provide for definitions; to specify the terms and conditions of the exemption and the procedures relating thereto; to provide for applicability; to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to provide for a referendum, effective dates, and automatic repeal; to provide for mandatory execution of election and judicial remedies regarding failure to comply; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Gainesville, City of; ad valorem taxes; educational purposes; provide new homestead exemption. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide for a new homestead exemption from City of Gainesville independent school district ad valorem taxes for educational purposes in an amount equal to the amount by which the current year assessed value of a homestead exceeds the adjusted base year assessed value of such homestead; to provide for definitions; to specify the terms and conditions of the exemption and the procedures relating thereto; to provide for applicability; to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to provide for a referendum, effective dates, and automatic repeal; to provide for mandatory execution of election and judicial remedies regarding failure to comply; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Evans County; board of elections and registration; create. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to create a board of elections and registration for Evans County; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: State veterinary education; student loan forgiveness program; provide limits. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend part 6A of Article 7 of Chapter 3 of Title 20 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to state veterinary education, so as to provide for limits on the student loan forgiveness program; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Muscogee County; School District; revise how vacancies on board are filled. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating the Muscogee County School District, approved February 25, 1949 (Ga. L. 1949, p. 1086), as amended, particularly by an Act approved April 20, 1992 (Ga. L. 1992, p. 6629), so as to revise how vacancies on said board are filled; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Columbus, City of; Recorder's Court; authorize assessment and collection of technology fee. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to authorize the assessment and collection of a technology fee by the Recorder's Court of Columbus, Georgia; to identify the authorized uses of such technology fee; to provide for the termination of such technology fee and dedication of residual funds to technology uses; to provide for automatic repeal; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Muscogee County; Probate Court; authorize assessment and collection of technology fee. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to authorize the assessment and collection of a technology fee by the Probate Court of Muscogee County; to identify the authorized uses of such technology fee; to provide for the termination of such technology fee and dedication of residual funds to technology uses; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Juvenile code; use of deadly weapon; revise provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 15-11-2 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to definitions regarding the juvenile code, so as to revise a provision relating to the use of a deadly weapon; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: City of Mulberry; incorporate. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to incorporate the City of Mulberry; to provide a charter; to provide effective dates and transitional provisions governing the transfer of various functions and responsibilities from Gwinnett County to the City of Mulberry; to provide for severability; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Property; clerks of superior courts obtain photographic identification cards of individuals who present deeds or other instruments for recording; require. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 2 of Title 44 of the O.C.G.A., relating to recordation and registration of deeds and other instruments, so as to require that the clerks of the superior courts obtain photographic identification cards of individuals who present deeds or other instruments for recording; to require such clerks retain certain information relating to deeds or other instruments presented for recording; to provide for exceptions; to provide for the promulgation of rules and regulations; to amend Titles 23 and 51 of the O.C.G.A., relating to equity and torts, respectively, so as to provide remedies for fraudulently recorded deeds or other instruments; to provide for the recovery of costs and attorney's fees in certain quiet title actions; to provide for a civil cause of action for the recording of fraudulent or forged deeds or other instruments; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Gwinnett Chamber Loves Georgia Day; February 14, 2023; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 14, 2023, as Gwinnett Chamber Loves Georgia Day; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Georgia Environmental Finance Authority; finance and perform certain duties for projects relating to natural gas facilities; authorize. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 23 of Title 50 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the Georgia Environmental Finance Authority, so as to authorize the authority to finance and perform certain duties in connection with projects relating to natural gas facilities; to revise definitions; to provide for rules and regulations; to provide for limited liability; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Brooks County; Probate Court; authorize collection of a technology fee. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to authorize the assessment and collection of a technology fee by the Probate Court of Brooks County; to identify the authorized uses of such technology fee; to provide for the termination of such technology fee and dedication of residual funds to technology uses; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: "Georgia Consumer Privacy Protection Act"; consumer personal data in this state; protect the privacy. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 10 of the O.C.G.A., relating to commerce and trade, so as to enact the "Georgia Consumer Privacy Protection Act"; to protect the privacy of consumer personal data in this state; to provide for definitions; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Special license plates; Shepherd Center; establish. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 40-2-86 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to special license plates promoting or supporting certain worthy agencies, funds, or nonprofit corporations with proceeds disbursed to the general fund and the agency, fund, or nonprofit corporation, so as to establish a specialty license plate honoring the Shepherd Center; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Agriculture, Department of; regulation and taxation of electricity used as motor fuel and electric vehicle charging stations; extend effective date of provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act relating to regulation and taxation of electricity used as motor fuel and electric vehicle charging stations, approved May 2, 2023, (Ga. L. 2023, p. 376/SB 146), so as to extend the effective date of provisions relative to regulative authority of the Department of Agriculture and revenue and taxation; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Clayton County; Magistrate Court; authorize assessment and collection of an eviction mediation program fee. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to authorize the assessment and collection of an eviction mediation program fee by the Magistrate Court of Clayton County; to identify the authorized uses of such fee; to provide for the termination of such fee and dedication of residual funds; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Health; designate emergency medical services, including ambulance service, as an essential service. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 11 of Title 31 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to emergency medical services, so as to designate emergency medical services, including ambulance service, as an essential service in this state; to provide for statutory construction; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Cordele, City of; transition office of chairperson to at large commission member; provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating a new charter for the City of Cordele, approved July 29, 2020 (Ga. L. 2020, p. 4122), so as to transition the office of chairperson to at large commission member; to provide for a mayor to be selected by and among the commission members; to redesignate the office of vice chairperson to mayor pro tempore; to revise voting and quorum provisions related to the commission; to make conforming changes; to provide that the city manager shall recommend the annual budget to the commission in place of the chairperson; to provide that the chairperson on the effective date of this Act shall become the initial at large commission member; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Georgia Rail Passenger Authority Overview Committee; repeal Chapter 10 of Title 28. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 28 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the General Assembly, so as to repeal Chapter 10, relating to the Georgia Rail Passenger Authority Overview Committee, and designate it as reserved; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Buford, City of; ad valorem tax for municipal purposes; lower age for exemption. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing a homestead exemption from City of Buford ad valorem taxes for municipal purposes for the full value of the homestead for residents of that city who are 70 years of age or over, approved May 6, 2005, (Ga. L. 2005 p. 3893), so as to lower the age for the exemption; to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to provide for a referendum, effective dates, automatic repeal, mandatory execution of election, and judicial remedies regarding failure to comply; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Buford, City of; ad valorem tax for municipal purposes; increase exemption. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing a homestead exemption from City of Buford ad valorem taxes for municipal purposes in the amount of $22,000.00 of the assessed value of the homestead for residents of the City of Buford, approved May 6, 2005 (Ga. L. 2005, p. 3890), so as to increase the exemption; to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to provide for a referendum, effective dates, automatic repeal, mandatory execution of election, and judicial remedies regarding failure to comply; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Georgia Hemp Farming Act; regulate consumable hemp products. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 23 of Title 2 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the "Georgia Hemp Farming Act," so as to regulate consumable hemp products; to provide for definitions; to provide for the establishment of delta-9-THC concentration; to require such products be packaged in certain containers; to provide restrictions on the sale of consumable hemp products; to provide restrictions on advertisements of such products; to provide for a restriction on the location of retail establishments that sell such products; to provide restrictions on the advertisement or representation of such retail establishments; to conform terminology; to provide effective dates; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Crimes and offenses; Schedule I, Schedule III, and Schedule IV controlled substances; provide certain provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 13 of Title 16 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to controlled substances, so as to provide for certain provisions relating to Schedule I controlled substances, Schedule III controlled substances, and Schedule IV controlled substances; to provide for certain provisions relating to the definition of dangerous drugs; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Marietta, City of; public schools; provide for compensation of board. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating a system of public schools for the City of Marietta in the County of Cobb, approved December 29, 1890 (Ga. L. 1890-91, Vol. II, p. 1014), as amended particularly by an Act approved May 12, 2008 (Ga. L. 2008, 3701), so as to provide for compensation of the board; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Mableton Development Authority Act; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act known as the "South Cobb Development Authority Act," approved April 12, 1982 (Ga. L. 1982, p. 3772), as amended, so as to change the name of the authority to the Mableton Development Authority; to revise the short title; to revise provisions related to the selection of membership of the authority; to provide for continuation in office of current board members; to provide for the selection of board officers; to revise the geographical area of operations of the authority; to revise the purposes and objectives of the authority; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Health; personal care homes, assisted living communities, and memory care centers; revise staffing requirements. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 1 of Chapter 7 of Title 31 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to regulation of hospitals and related institutions, so as to revise staffing requirements for personal care homes, assisted living communities, and memory care centers; to provide for a definition; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Mableton, City of; levy an excise tax. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to authorize the governing authority of the City of Mableton to levy an excise tax pursuant to subsection (b) of Code Section 48-13-51 of the O.C.G.A.; to provide procedures, conditions, and limitations; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Health; certificate of need; revise. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 31 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to health, so as to revise relative to certificate of need; to amend Code Section 48-7-29.20 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to tax credits for contributions to rural hospital organizations, so as to increase the aggregate limit for tax credits for contributions to rural hospital organizations; to extend the sunset provision; to amend Article 7 of Chapter 4 of Title 49 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to medical assistance generally, so as to provide for the creation of the Comprehensive Health Coverage Commission; to provide for its members; to provide for its purpose and duties; to provide for assistance from experts and consultants; to provide for semiannual reports; to provide for the automatic repeal of the commission; to provide for related matters; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: State symbols; white shrimp as official state crustacean; designate. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 3 of Chapter 3 of Title 50 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to other state symbols, so as to designate white shrimp as the official state crustacean; to provide legislative findings and declarations; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Behavioral Health Coordinating Council; allow for certain officials to be represented by a delegate or agent. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 1 of Chapter 2 of Title 37 of the O.C.G.A., relating to general provisions relative to the administration of mental health, developmental disabilities, addictive diseases, and other disability services, so as to allow for certain officials on the Behavioral Health Coordinating Council to be represented by a delegate or agent; to amend Article 10 of Chapter 5 of Title 49 of the O.C.G.A., relating to social services relative to children and adolescents with severe emotional problems, so as to repeal a provision relating to the submission of an annual report by the commissioner of behavioral health and developmental disabilities; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Coosawattee Regional Water and Sewerage Authority; repeal Act and dissolve. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to repeal an Act creating the Coosawattee Regional Water and Sewerage Authority, approved May 13, 2008 (Ga. L. 2008, p. 3904), so as to repeal such Act and dissolve the authority; to provide for assets and liabilities thereof; to provide for related matters; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Taylor County; Magistrate Court; assessment and collection of technology fee; authorize. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to authorize the assessment and collection of a technology fee by the Magistrate Court of Taylor County; to identify the authorized uses of such technology fee; to provide for the termination of such technology fee and dedication of residual funds to technology uses; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Crimes and offenses; distribution of computer generated obscene material depicting a child; prohibit. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 12 of Title 16 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to offenses against public health and morals, so as to prohibit distribution of computer generated obscene material depicting a child; to provide for definitions; to provide for penalties; to provide for affirmative defenses; to provide for other matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: State employees' health insurance plan; drugs dispensed for self-administration; provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Part 1 of Article 1 of Chapter 18 of Title 45 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the state employees' health insurance plan, so as to require that drugs dispensed to a covered person for self-administration under a state health plan be reimbursed using a transparent, index based price, plus a dispensing fee; to provide for definitions; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Torts; clarify liability regarding third-party criminal activity; provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 1 of Chapter 3 of Title 51 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to general provisions regarding liability of owners and occupiers of land, so as to provide for legislative findings, to clarify liability regarding third-party criminal activity; to provide for definitions; to amend Chapter 3 of Title 9 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to tolling of limitations, so as to change provisions relating to tolling of limitations for a civil cause of action arising from criminal activity; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date and applicability; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Pine Mountain, Town of; provide new charter. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide a new charter for the Town of Pine Mountain; to provide for related matters; to repeal specific Acts; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Putnam County; Board of Commissioners; compensation of chairperson and commissioners; revise provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating the Board of Commissioners of Putnam County, approved September 8, 1879 (Ga. L. 1879, p. 334), as amended, particularly by an Act approved April 20, 2011 (Ga. L. 2011, p. 3619), so as to revise provisions relating to the compensation of the chairperson and commissioners; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Acworth, City of; adopt by reference a certain map. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to reincorporate and provide a new charter for the City of Acworth, approved February 17, 1989 (Ga. L. 1989, p. 3512), as amended, particularly by an Act approved May 1, 2023 (Ga. L. 2023, p. 4052), so as to adopt by reference a certain map; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: National FCCLA Week; February 13 to 17, 2023; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the week of February 13 to 17, 2023, as National FCCLA Week; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Riley, Queen; REACH scholar; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending REACH scholar Queen Riley; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: White, City of; provide new charter. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide a new charter for the City of White; to provide for incorporation, boundaries, and powers of the city; to provide for the exercise of powers and limitations on powers; to provide for a governing authority of such city and the powers, duties, authority, prohibitions, elections, terms, removal from office, method of filling vacancies, compensation, expenses, and qualifications; to provide for conflict of interest and holding other offices; to provide for sale of city property; to provide for bonds for officials; to provide for pending matters; to provide for definitions and construction; to provide for severability; to provide for related matters; to repeal specific Acts; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Damascus, City of; provide new charter. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide a new charter for the City of Damascus; to provide for related matters; to repeal specific Acts; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bennett, Stetson; lead University of Georgia Bulldogs to first back-to-back national championships in College Football Playoff's history and a perfect 15-0 mark in 2022; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing Stetson Bennett-a product of Blackshear, Georgia-for leading the University of Georgia Bulldogs to the first back-to-back national championships in College Football Playoff's history and a perfect 15-0 mark in 2022; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Blakely, City of; provide new charter. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide a new charter for the City of Blakely; to provide for incorporation, boundaries, and powers of the city; to provide for the exercise of powers and limitations on powers; to provide for a governing authority of such city and the powers, duties, authority, prohibitions, elections, terms, removal from office, method of filling vacancies, compensation, expenses, and qualifications; to provide for conflict of interest and holding other offices; to provide for pending matters; to provide for definitions and construction; to provide for severability; to provide for related matters; to repeal specific Acts; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Mableton, City of; deannex certain properties from corporate limits. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act incorporating the City of Mableton, approved May 9, 2022 (Ga. L. 2022, p. 6049), so as to deannex certain properties from the corporate limits of the city; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Chatsworth, City of; certain territory into boundaries of city; provide annexation. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act entitled "An Act providing a new charter for the City of Chatsworth," approved August 18, 1923 (Ga. L. 1923, p. 529), as amended, particularly by an Act approved May 13, 2011 (Ga. L. 2011, p. 4119), so as to provide for the annexation of certain territory into the boundaries of the city; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Local government; establishing service delivery strategies; revise provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 70 of Title 36 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to coordinated and comprehensive planning and service delivery by counties and municipalities, so as to revise provisions for establishing, negotiating, reviewing, revising, and filing local government service delivery strategies; to require the development of state-wide mapping standards; to revise the dispute resolution process; to revise provisions related to sanctions; to require and limit the promulgation of certain rules and regulations; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Torts; mental health care providers; limit liability under certain circumstances. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 1 of Title 51 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to general provisions relative to torts, so as to limit liability for mental health care providers under certain circumstances; to provide for definitions; to limit liability for punitive damages; to provide for applicability; to provide for legislative findings; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: State Housing Trust Fund for the Homeless Act; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 3 of Title 8 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to housing generally, so as to establish a stable housing accountability program; to provide for an application process and minimum standards; to provide for the use of certain funds; to provide for disbursements; to require contracts and assurances; to revise means of appointment to the commission; to provide for definitions; to amend Title 50 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to state government, so as to provide for a performance audit by the state auditor on public spending on homeless programs; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Screven, City of; change corporate limits. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to provide a new charter for the City of Screven, approved March 9, 1959 (Ga. L. 1959, p. 2203), as amended, particularly by an Act approved June 30, 1964 (Ga. L. 1964 Ex. Sess., p. 2114), and an Act approved June 30, 2020 (Ga. L. 2020, p. 3949), so as to change the corporate limits of such city; to revise meeting dates for the city council; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Warner Robins Convention and Visitors Bureau Authority Act; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to create the Warner Robins Convention and Visitors Bureau Authority; to provide for a short title; to provide for members of the authority; to provide for officers; to provide for personnel; to provide for meetings and a quorum; to provide for duties; to provide for powers; to provide for authority property; to provide for no personal liability of authority members for executing notes or obligations on behalf of the authority; to provide for a budget; to provide for inspections by the governing authority of the City of Warner Robins; to provide that the authority shall not bind the City of Warner Robins; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Putnam County; ad valorem tax; educational purposes; provide homestead exemptions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide homestead exemptions from Putnam County school district ad valorem taxes for educational purposes in certain amounts of the assessed value of the homestead for residents of that school district who are 70 years of age or older; to provide for definitions; to specify the terms and conditions of the exemption and the procedures relating thereto; to provide for applicability; to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to provide for a referendum, effective dates, automatic repeal, mandatory execution of election, and judicial remedies regarding failure to comply; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: City of Peachtree Corners Community Improvement Districts Act; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide for the creation of one or more community improvement districts to be wholly located within the City of Peachtree Corners; to provide for a short title; to provide for the purposes of said districts; to provide for definitions; to provide for boards to administer said districts; to provide for the appointment and election of members of said boards; to provide for taxes, fees, and assessments; to provide for the boundaries of said districts; to provide for debt of said districts other than bonded indebtedness; to provide for cooperation with local governments; to provide for powers of said boards; to provide for construction; to provide that no notice, proceeding, publication, or referendum shall be required; to provide for dissolutions; to provide the procedures connected with all of the foregoing; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Pike County Public Facilities Authority Act; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to create the Pike County Public Facilities Authority; to provide that the authority is a body corporate and politic and an instrumentality of the State of Georgia; to authorize the authority to acquire, construct, equip, maintain, and operate certain projects, including buildings and facilities for use by Pike County, the Pike County School District, any municipality or other political subdivision located in Pike County, for its governmental, proprietary, and administrative functions; to provide for members of the authority and their terms, organization, and reimbursement; to provide for vacancies; to provide for definitions; to confer powers and impose duties on the authority; to define the scope of the authority's operation; to provide for disposition of property upon dissolution of the authority; to provide for severability; to provide for a short title; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dawson County; ad valorem tax for county purposes for certain senior citizens; provide homestead exemption. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide a homestead exemption from Dawson County ad valorem taxes for county purposes for certain senior citizens; to provide for definitions; to specify the terms and conditions of the exemption and the procedures relating thereto; to provide for applicability; to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to provide for a referendum, effective dates, automatic repeal, mandatory execution of election, and judicial remedies regarding failure to comply; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dawson County; ad valorem tax for educational purposes for certain senior citizens; provide homestead exemptions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide homestead exemptions from Dawson County school district ad valorem taxes for educational purposes for certain senior citizens; to provide for definitions; to specify the terms and conditions of the exemption and the procedures relating thereto; to provide for applicability and eligibility; to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to provide for a referendum, effective dates, automatic repeal, mandatory execution of election, and judicial remedies regarding failure to comply; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Weeping Time Cultural Heritage Corridor Authority; create. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to create the Weeping Time Cultural Heritage Corridor Authority; to provide for definitions; to provide for the purpose and powers of the authority; to provide for appointment, eligibility, and terms of members of the authority; to provide for organization, quorum, meetings, and expenses of the authority; to provide for rules and regulations; to provide for agents and employees; to provide for accountability and for financial and other records; to provide for audits; to limit the powers of the authority; to provide for open meetings and public records; to provide for judicial jurisdiction; to provide that the powers of the authority are supplemental; to provide for liberal construction; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dooly County; Board of Education; provide for compensation of members. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to provide for the Board of Education of Dooly County, approved April 6, 1967 (Ga. L. 1967, p. 2922), as amended, particularly by an Act approved May 6, 2013 (Ga. L. 2013, p. 4149), so as to provide for compensation of the members of the board; to provide for related matters; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lee County; Magistrate Court; authorize assessment and collection of technology fee. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to authorize the assessment and collection of a technology fee by the Magistrate Court of Lee County; to identify the authorized uses of such technology fee; to provide for the termination of such technology fee and dedication of residual funds to technology uses; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Klingshirn, Kristin; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring and commending Kristin Klingshirn; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cordele, City of; transition office of chairperson to at large commission member. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating a new charter for the City of Cordele, approved July 29, 2020 (Ga. L. 2020, p. 4122), so as to transition the office of chairperson to at large commission member; to provide for a mayor to be selected by and among the commission members; to redesignate the office of vice chairperson to mayor pro tempore; to revise voting and quorum provisions related to the commission; to make conforming changes; to provide that the city manager shall recommend the annual budget to the commission in place of the chairperson; to provide for related matters; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Appling County; ad valorem tax for educational purposes; provide homestead exemption. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide a homestead exemption from Appling County school district ad valorem taxes for educational purposes in the amount of 100 percent of the assessed value of the homestead for residents of that school district who are 70 years of age or older and whose income, excluding certain retirement income, does not exceed $10,000.00; to provide for definitions; to specify the terms and conditions of the exemption and the procedures relating thereto; to provide for applicability; to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to provide for a referendum, effective dates, automatic repeal, mandatory execution of election, and judicial remedies regarding failure to comply; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Darien, City of; Redevelopment Powers Law; provide for a referendum. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to authorize the City of Darien, Georgia, to exercise all redevelopment and other powers provided for under Article IX, Section II, Paragraph VII(b) of the Georgia Constitution and Chapter 44 of Title 36 of the O.C.G.A., the "Redevelopment Powers Law," as amended; to provide for a referendum; to provide for effective dates; to provide for automatic repeal under certain circumstances; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Clayton County; Board of Commissioners; provide code of ethics. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating the Clayton County Board of Commissioners, approved February 8, 1955 (Ga. L. 1955, p. 2064), as amended, so as to provide a code of ethics; to establish a board of ethics; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Thomasville, City of; reapportion board of education election districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to provide a new charter for the City of Thomasville, approved March 30, 1990 (Ga. L. 1990, p. 5051), as amended, so as to reapportion the board of education election districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Barrow County; Board of Commissioners; revise power of county manager. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act re-creating and establishing a Board of Commissioners of Barrow County, approved April 2, 1976 (Ga. L. 1976, p. 4033), as amended, particularly by an Act approved September 7, 2011 (Ga. L. 2011 Ex. Sess., p. 260), so as to revise the power of the county manager in regard to employment decisions related to department directors; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Statham, City of; provide new charter. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide a new charter for the City of Statham, Georgia; to repeal all prior charters for the City of Statham, Georgia, and enactments, local legislation or home rule amendments relating thereto made prior to the effective date of this enactment; to provide for definitions; to provide for related matters; to repeal a specific Act; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dodge County; board of elections and registration; create. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to create a board of elections and registration for Dodge County; to provide for its powers and duties; to provide for definitions; to provide for the composition of the board and the selection, qualifications, terms, and removal of members; to provide for vacancies; to provide for oaths and privileges; to provide for the conduct of primaries and elections; to provide for meetings; to provide duties of the chairperson; to allow for joint primaries; to authorize the conduct of municipal elections; to provide for the election supervisor; to provide compensation for board members and staff; to provide for offices, supplies, and other materials; to provide for required training; to provide for the transfer of powers, duties, facilities, and personal property; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Villa Rica, City of; ineligibility of former elected officials to hold offices or employment; revise provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to provide a new charter for the City of Villa Rica, approved May 8, 2018 (Ga. L. 2018, p. 3869), so as to revise provisions regarding ineligibility of former elected officials to hold offices or employment or transact certain business with the city within a year of leaving office; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Henry County Airport Authority; provide for ex-officio member. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating the Henry County Airport Authority, approved May 3, 2023 (Ga. L. 2023, p. 4389), so as to provide for an ex-officio member; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Brooklet, City of; provide new charter. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide a new charter for the City of Brooklet; to provide for incorporation, boundaries, and powers of the city; to provide for the exercise of powers and limitations on powers; to provide for a governing authority of such city and the powers, duties, authority, prohibitions, elections, terms, removal from office, method of filling vacancies, compensation, expenses, and qualifications; to provide for a city attorney, city clerk, and other personnel; to provide for bonds for officials; to provide for pending matters; to provide for definitions and construction; to provide for severability; to provide for related matters; to repeal specific Acts; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Fulton County; Board of Commissioners; provide compensation for chairperson and members. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating the Board of Commissioners of Fulton County, approved December 3, 1880 (Ga. L. 1880-81, p. 508), as amended, so as to provide for compensation of the chairperson and other members of the board of commissioners; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: St. Mary's, City of; ad valorem tax for municipal purposes; provide homestead exemption. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide a homestead exemption from City of St. Mary's ad valorem taxes for municipal purposes in the amount of $25,000.00 of the assessed value of the homestead for residents of that city who are 65 years of age or older; to provide for definitions; to specify the terms and conditions of the exemption and the procedures relating thereto; to provide for applicability; to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to provide for a referendum, effective dates, automatic repeal, mandatory execution of election, and judicial remedies regarding failure to comply; to provide a specific repealer; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Mount Zion, City of; councilmembers vacating their office; revise provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to provide a new charter for the City of Mount Zion, approved May 12, 2015 (Ga. L. 2015, p. 3862), as amended, particularly by an Act approved May 1, 2023 (Ga. L. 2023, p. 3683), so as to revise provisions related to councilmembers vacating their office; to repeal an erroneous provision of a prior amendatory Act; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Korean American Day at the state capitol; January 23, 2023; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing January 23, 2023, as Korean American Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Pickens County; board of commissioners; powers, duties, and obligations; update and revise provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating the Board of Commissioners of Pickens County, approved June 2, 2010 (Ga. L. 2010, p. 3704), as amended, so as to update and revise provisions relating to the powers, duties, and obligations of the board of commissioners; to revise and update provisions relating to the powers and duties of the chairperson; to revise provisions related to scheduling of meetings of the board of commissioners; to provide that state law shall governing bidding and procurement; to update provisions related to keeping of the minutes and records of the board of commissioners; to revise budgeting and audit procedures; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Commerce, City of; ad valorem tax for educational purposes; homestead exemption; revise. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing a homestead exemption from City of Commerce independent school district ad valorem taxes for educational purposes in the amount of $10,000.00 of the assessed value of the homestead for certain residents of that school district who are 62 years of age or over and an additional homestead exemption in the amount of $20,000.00 of the assessed value of the homestead for certain residents of that school district who are 65 years of age or over and whose net income, excluding certain retirement income, does not exceed $18,000.00, approved April 25, 2002 (Ga. L. 2002, p. 4349), as amended; to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to provide for a referendum, effective dates, automatic repeal, mandatory execution of election, and judicial remedies regarding failure to comply; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jackson County; ad valorem tax; homestead exemption; provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing a homestead exemption from all Jackson County ad valorem taxes for $10,000.00 of the value of the homestead for certain residents of that county who have annual earned family incomes not exceeding $18,000.00 and who are 65 years of age or over, approved March 29, 1994 (Ga. L. 1994, p. 4381), so as to provide for two classes of residents, to increase the exemption for each class, and to remove an income limitation; to provide for related matters; to provide for applicability; to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to provide for a referendum, effective dates, automatic repeal, mandatory execution of election, and judicial remedies regarding failure to comply; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Chattahoochee Hills, City of; mayor pro tempore; revise term and other provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to incorporate the City of Chattahoochee Hill Country (now known as City of Chattahoochee Hills) in Fulton County, approved April 28, 2006 (Ga. L. 2006, p. 3821), as amended, so as to revise the term and other provisions related to the mayor pro tempore; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Chattahoochee Hills, City of; levy an excise tax. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to authorize the governing authority of the City of Chattahoochee Hills to levy an excise tax pursuant to subsection (b) of Code Section 48-13-51 of the O.C.G.A.; to provide procedures, conditions, and limitations; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Duluth, City of; change corporate limits. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating a new charter for the City of Duluth, Georgia, approved March 25, 1958 (Ga. L. 1958, p. 3148), as amended, particularly by an Act approved April 11, 2012 (Ga. L. 2012, p. 5206), so as to change the corporate limits of the city; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: The Links, Incorporated; Links Day at the state capitol; February 6, 2023; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending The Links, Incorporated, and recognizing February 6, 2023. as Links Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Paulding County; State Court; provide additional judge. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to create the State Court of Paulding County, approved June 29, 2020 (Ga. L. 2020, p. 3562), so as to provide an additional judge for such court; to provide for the appointment of such additional judge of such court; to provide for the election of successors; to provide for a chief judge; to provide for related matters; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Gillsville, City of; revise compensation of city council. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating a new charter for the City of Gillsville, approved April 11, 1979 (Ga. L. 1979, p. 3421), as amended, so as to revise the compensation of the city council; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Camden County; levy an excise tax. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to authorize the governing authority of Camden County to levy an excise tax pursuant to subsection (b) of Code Section 48-13-51 of the O.C.G.A.; to provide for procedures, conditions, and limitations; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Emerson, City of; Municipal Court; charge technology fee. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to authorize the Municipal Court of the City of Emerson to charge a technology fee; to specify the uses to which such technology fees may be applied; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Fayette County; board of elections; revise composition; revise provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to provide for the re-creation of the board of elections for Fayette County, approved March 24, 1994 (Ga. L. 1994, p. 3712), so as to revise the composition of the board; to revise provisions for appointment of board members; to provide for initial terms; to provide for current board members to serve out the terms to which they were appointed; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Cherokee County; levy an excise tax. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to authorize the governing authority of Cherokee County to levy an excise tax pursuant to subsection (b) of Code Section 48-13-51 of the O.C.G.A.; to provide for procedures, conditions, and limitations; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Bartow County Community Improvement Districts Act; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide for the creation of one or more community improvement districts in Bartow County; to provide for a short title; to provide for authorized contents of agreements and instruments of the boards generally, use of proceeds of sale of bonds, notes, etc., and subsequent issue of bonds, notes, etc.; to provide for construction; to provide that Chapter 5 of Title 10 of the O.C.G.A. shall not apply to the offer, sale, or issuance of the boards' bonds, notes, or other obligations; to provide that no notice, proceeding, publication, or referendum shall be required; to provide for dissolutions; to provide for procedures connected with all of the foregoing; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Fort Valley, City of; provide new charter. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide a new charter for the City of Fort Valley; to repeal specific Acts; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Atlanta, City of; change corporate limits. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to provide a new charter for the City of Atlanta, approved April 15, 1996 (Ga. L. 1996, p. 4469), as amended, so as to change the corporate limits of such municipality; to provide a contingent effective date and automatic repeal; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Covington, City of; change corporate limits. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to provide a new charter for the City of Covington, approved May 6, 2019 (Ga. L. 2019, p. 4011), so as to change the corporate limits of such municipality; to provide for related matters; to provide for a contingent effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Forsyth County; levy an excise tax. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to authorize the governing authority of Forsyth County to levy an excise tax pursuant to subsection (b) of Code Section 48-13-51 of the O.C.G.A.; to provide for procedures, conditions, and limitations; to provide for related matters; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Oxford, City of; change corporate limits. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to provide a new charter for the City of Oxford, approved April 13, 2001 (Ga. L. 2001, p. 4195), as amended, so as to change the corporate limits of such municipality; to provide for related matters; to provide for a contingent effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Mid-State Energy Authority Act; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to create the Mid-State Energy Authority as an institution performing an essential governmental function; to provide for a short title; to provide for definitions; to provide for purpose; to provide for members of the Authority and meetings; to provide for powers of the Authority; to provide that the Authority replaces the Commission; to provide for tort immunity; to provide contracting requirements; to provide for supplemental powers; to deny taxing powers; to provide for construction and severability; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Fulton County; Board of Education; provide salaries for members. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing for the number of members and for the election of members of the Board of Education of Fulton County, approved February 10, 1984 (Ga. L. 1984, p. 3591), as amended, particularly by an Act approved May 29, 2007 (Ga. L. 2007, p. 4203), so as to provide for salaries for the members of such board; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Atlanta, City of; ad valorem tax for educational purposes; provide homestead exemption. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide a homestead exemption from City of Atlanta independent school district ad valorem taxes for educational purposes in an amount equal to the amount by which the current year assessed value of a homestead exceeds the base year assessed value of homesteads in certain designated zip codes; to provide for definitions; to specify the terms and conditions of the exemption and the procedures relating thereto; to provide for applicability; to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to provide for a referendum, effective dates, automatic repeal, mandatory execution of election, and judicial remedies regarding failure to comply; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Chatham County; establishment of fire protection districts; repeal such Act and all amendatory Acts thereto. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to repeal an Act to provide for the establishment of fire protection districts in Chatham County, approved March 3, 1962 (Ga. L. 1962, p. 2835), so as to repeal such Act and all amendatory Acts thereto; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Washington, City of; offices of mayor and councilmember; provide term limits. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing a new charter for the City of Washington, Georgia, approved February 14, 1958 (Ga. L. 1958, p. 2139), as amended, so as to provide for term limits for the offices of mayor and councilmember; to provide for a referendum, effective dates, and automatic repeal; to provide for mandatory execution of election and judicial remedies regarding failure to comply; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: DeKalb County; changes in boundaries of school district following certain annexations; revise provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to create and establish in DeKalb County, Georgia, districts from which the members of the County Board of Education of DeKalb County shall be elected, approved April 12, 1963 (Ga. L. 1963, p. 3424), as amended, particularly by an Act approved May 10, 2021 (Ga. L. 2021, p. 4256), so as to revise provisions related to changes in boundaries of the DeKalb County School District following certain annexations; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Brookhaven, City of; change corporate limits. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to incorporate the City of Brookhaven in DeKalb County, approved April 16, 2012 (Ga. L. 2012, p. 5527), as amended, so as to change the corporate limits of the city; to provide a contingent effective date and automatic repeal; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Villa Rica, City of; provide that the mayor shall appoint and remove the city manager. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to provide a new charter for the City of Villa Rica, approved May 8, 2018 (Ga. L. 2018, p. 3869), so as to provide that the mayor shall appoint and remove the city manager; to provide for the city council to override such actions with a supermajority vote; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, Inc. Founders' Day at the state capitol; 01/15/23; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing January 15, 2023, as the Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, Inc. Founders' Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Forsyth County; Redevelopment Powers Law; define an area where such powers may be exercised. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to authorize Forsyth County to exercise all redevelopment and other powers provided for under Article IX, Section II, Paragraph VII(b) of the Georgia Constitution and Chapter 44 of Title 36 of the O.C.G.A., the "Redevelopment Powers Law," as amended; to define an area where such powers may be exercised; to provide for a referendum; to provide for effective dates; to provide for automatic repeal under certain circumstances; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Camden County Spaceport Authority; repeal Act. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to repeal an Act creating the Camden County Spaceport Authority, approved May 6, 2019 (Ga. L. 2019, p. 3952); to provide for assets and liabilities thereof; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Garden City, City of; mayor and mayor pro tempore and organizational meetings of city council; revise provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating a new charter for the City of Garden City, approved April 17, 1973 (Ga. L. 1973, p. 3581), as amended, so as to revise provisions regarding the mayor and the mayor pro tempore and organizational meetings of the city council; to provide for an effective date; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Sandersville, City of; revise powers of mayor. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing for a new charter for the City of Sandersville, approved March 28, 1990 (Ga. L. 1990, p. 4823), as amended, particularly by an Act approved May 6, 2015 (Ga. L. 2015, p. 3733), so as to revise the powers of the mayor; to restate provisions related to the mayor pro tempore; to provide for a council-manager form of government; to provide for the selection, qualifications, and duties of the city manager; to update and restate provisions related to the administration of the city government; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Oconee County; Board of Education; reconstitute. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to reconstitute the Board of Education of Oconee County; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for election and terms of office of subsequent members; to provide for a referendum, effective dates, and automatic repeal, mandatory execution of election, and judicial remedies regarding failure to comply; to repeal a local constitutional amendment proposed by a certain resolution act; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Powder Springs, City of; certain map to update boundaries of city; adopt by reference. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating a new charter for the City of Powder Springs, approved March 13, 1970 (Ga. L. 1970, p. 2760), as amended, so as to adopt by reference a certain map to update the boundaries of the city; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: City of Roswell Public Facilities Authority Act; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to create the City of Roswell Public Facilities Authority; to provide for a short title and legislative findings; to confer powers and impose duties on the authority; to provide for the membership and the appointment of members of the authority and their terms of office, qualifications, duties, powers, and compensation; to provide for charges; to provide for rules and regulations; to provide for tort immunity; to provide for tax exemptions and exemptions from levy and sale; to provide for supplemental powers; to provide for effect on other governments; to provide for liberal construction; to provide for severability; to provide an effective date; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Paulding County Airport Authority; revise membership. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating the Paulding County Airport Authority, approved April 3, 1972 (Ga. L. 1972, p. 3645), so as to revise the membership of the authority; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Cartersville, City of; Bartow County; joint airport authority; provide for additional members. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating and establishing a joint airport authority for the City of Cartersville and Bartow County, Georgia, approved February 28, 1966 (Ga. L. 1966, p. 2270), so as to provide for additional members; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Griffin-Spalding County Area Regional Airport Authority; create and establish. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to create and establish the Griffin-Spalding County Area Regional Airport Authority, a new regional airport authority in and for the County of Spalding, the City of Griffin, the County of Butts, the County of Lamar, the County of Pike, and the County of Monroe; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: State Government; automatic repealer on the prohibition on state and local governments from requiring proof of COVID vaccination for government services; remove. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 1 of Title 50 of the O.C.G.A., relating to general provisions regarding state government, so as to remove the automatic repealer on the prohibition on state and local governments from requiring proof of COVID vaccination for government services; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: "Reducing Barriers to State Employment Act of 2023"; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 4 of Title 50 of the O.C.G.A., relating to organization of executive branch generally, so as to require state departments, agencies, boards, bureaus, offices, commissions, public corporations, and authorities to assess educational, experiential, and training requirements for positions of employment; to identify positions of employment for which such requirements can be reduced; to require efforts to reduce the number of positions for which a four-year college degree is required; to provide for a short title; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: "Blind Persons' Braille Literacy Rights and Education Act"; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Part 3 of Article 6 of Chapter 2 of Title 20 of the O.C.G.A., relating to educational programs in elementary and secondary education, so as to enact the "Blind Persons' Braille Literacy Rights and Education Act"; to provide definitions; to require an evaluation of a blind or visually impaired student to determine such student's need for Braille instruction; to require Braille instruction in the individualized education program of a blind or visually impaired student as appropriate; to provide additional requirements for the individualized education program of a blind or visually impaired student; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: City of Sylvania; expenditure of funds; provisions; revise. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to authorize the governing authority of the City of Sylvania to levy an excise tax pursuant to the authority of subsection (b) of Code Section 48-13-51 of the O.C.G.A., approved April 30, 2019 (Ga. L. 2019, p. 3633), so as to revise provisions regarding expenditure of funds; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Winter, Lashley Wendel; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Lashley Wendel Winter; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Offenses Against Public Order And Motor Vehicles and Traffic; knowingly attending and facilitating an illegal drag race or a laying drags exhibition; punishment; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 2 of Chapter 11 of Title 16 and Title 40 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to offenses against public order and motor vehicles and traffic, respectively, so as to provide for an offense of knowingly attending and facilitating an illegal drag race or a laying drags exhibition; to provide for punishment; to provide for offenses which disqualify certain drivers from obtaining a Class C or D driver's license; to increase the punishment for the offenses of reckless stunt driving; to provide for minimum periods of imprisonment for such offenses in certain instances; to provide for motor vehicle forfeiture in certain instances; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: "Georgia Fights Terrorism Act"; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 1 of Chapter 3 of Title 35 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to general provisions concerning the Georgia Bureau of Investigation, so as to provide for concurrent jurisdiction by the Georgia Bureau of Investigation in cases involving the identification, investigation, arrest, and prosecution of an individual or groups of individuals for violation of state laws concerning domestic, cyber, biological, chemical, and nuclear terrorism; to provide for a short title; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: "Protecting Victims and Dismantling Georgia Street Gangs Act"; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 16 the O.C.G.A., relating to crimes and offenses, so as to provide for sentencing to minimum terms of imprisonment for persons convicted of possession of firearms by convicted felons and first offender probationers when the offense for which such person is on probation or has been previously convicted is a forcible felony or a domestic violence felony or an act of family violence; to provide for definitions; to provide for construction; to provide for a short title; to provide for related matters; to provide for effective dates and applicability; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Public Sales; tax levies and executions; authorize online. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Sections 9-13-161, 44-14-162, and 48-4-1 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to where and when sales under execution held and change of place of public sales by court order, sales made on foreclosure under power of sale, and procedures for sales under tax levies and executions, respectively, so as to authorize online public sales under tax levies and executions; to provide a time frame for sales of real estate under foreclosure powers; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Courts; collection of passport application and processing fees by clerks of superior courts and probate court judges; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 15 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to courts, so as to provide for collection of passport application and processing fees by clerks of superior courts and probate court judges; to provide for written report disclosures; to provide for use of such fees; to provide for local Acts; to provide for applicability to judges of probate courts; to provide for related matters; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: "Surprise Billing Consumer Protection Act"; ensure consumer access to quality healthcare by setting adequacy standards for network plans offered by an insurer. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 20E of Title 33 of the O.C.G.A., the "Surprise Billing Consumer Protection Act," so as to ensure consumer access to quality healthcare by setting adequacy standards for network plans offered by an insurer; to provide for conforming changes; to provide for an effective date and applicability; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Veterans Service Foundation, Inc.; revise operations. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 38-4-14 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to creation of Georgia Veterans Service Foundation, Inc., purpose, operation, and reporting, so as to revise operations; to provide for related matters, to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Hemp Farming; relating to offenses against public health and morals; the purchase of, sale of, and the offering of samples of hemp products by or to any individual under the age of 18 years old; prohibit. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 23 of Title 2 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to hemp farming, so as to amend a definition; to amend Chapter 12 of Title 16 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to offenses against public health and morals, so as to prohibit the purchase of, sale of, and the offering of samples of hemp products by or to any individual under the age of 18 years old; to provide for inspections, enforcement, and penalties for violations; to provide for venue; to provide for rules and regulations; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: State Government; meetings and public hearings of development authorities and community improvement districts to be held by teleconference; permit. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 50 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to state government, so as to permit meetings and public hearings of development authorities and community improvement districts to be held by teleconference; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Unfair Trade Practices; health care insurer from requiring an ophthalmologist or optometrist to extend any discounts on services that are not covered eye care services; prohibit. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 33-6-4 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the enumeration of unfair methods of competition and unfair or deceptive acts or practices and penalty, so as to prohibit a health care insurer from requiring an ophthalmologist or optometrist to extend any discounts on services that are not covered eye care services in order to receive increased payments, better reimbursements, preferential treatment, or any other benefit; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date and applicability; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Joint session; message from the Governor. Description: A RESOLUTION calling a joint session of the House of Representatives and the Senate for the purpose of hearing a message from the Governor; inviting the Justices of the Supreme Court and the Judges of the Court of Appeals to be present at the joint session; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Prosecuting Attorneys; the reimbursement of expenses incurred by the Attorney General in prosecuting a criminal case or cases due to the failure of a district attorney to prosecute such criminal case or cases; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 1 of Chapter 18 of Title 15 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to general provisions relative to prosecuting attorneys, so as to provide for the reimbursement of expenses incurred by the Attorney General in prosecuting a criminal case or cases due to the failure of a district attorney to prosecute such criminal case or cases; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: "Alyssa's Law". Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 11 of Chapter 2 of Title 20 of the O.C.G.A., relating to public school property and facilities, so as to require local education agencies to implement a mobile panic alert system capable of connecting disparate emergency services technologies to ensure real-time coordination between multiple state and local first responder agencies in the event of a school security emergency; to provide for a short title; to provide for related matters; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Special License Plates; specialty license plate honoring Kappa Alpha Psi Fraternity, Inc; establish. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 40-2-86 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to special license plates promoting or supporting certain worthy agencies, funds, or nonprofit corporations with proceeds disbursed to the general fund and the agency, fund, or nonprofit corporation, so as to establish a specialty license plate honoring Kappa Alpha Psi Fraternity, Inc.; to provide for related matters; to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Pimping and Pandering; penalty provisions; increase. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 16-6-13 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to penalties for violating Code Sections 16-6-9 through 16-6-12, so as to increase the penalty provisions relating to pimping and pandering; to provide for a definition; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Sheriffs; qualification requirements for the office of sheriff; revise. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 1 of Chapter 16 of Title 15 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to general provisions regarding sheriffs, so as to revise qualification requirements for the office of sheriff; to require certification as a peace officer at the time of qualifying as a candidate for sheriff; to require such candidate to be in good standing with the Georgia Peace Officer Standards and Training Council; to provide for a confirming affidavit; to provide for a definition; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Human Trafficking Hotline Information; model notice requirements; increase the fine for failure to comply. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 16-5-47 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to posting model notice with human trafficking hotline information in businesses and on internet, so as to increase the fine for failure to comply with model notice requirements; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Street Gang Terrorism and Prevention Act; mandatory minimum penalties for violations; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 16 of the O.C.G.A., relating to crimes and offenses, so as to provide for mandatory minimum penalties for violations of the Street Gang Terrorism and Prevention Act; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date and applicability; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Education; care of students being treated for epilepsy or a seizure disorder; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Part 3 of Article 16 of Chapter 2 of Title 20 of the O.C.G.A., relating to health of students in elementary and secondary education, so as to provide for the care of students being treated for epilepsy or a seizure disorder; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Control of Sexually Transmitted Disease; physicians and healthcare providers to test all pregnant women for HIV and syphilis at the first prenatal visit, at 2832 weeks' gestation, and at delivery; require. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 17 of Title 31 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to control of sexually transmitted disease, so as to require physicians and healthcare providers to test all pregnant women for HIV and syphilis at the first prenatal visit, at 2832 weeks' gestation, and at delivery; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Offenses Against Public Health And Morals; vaping in restricted areas is a misdemeanor punishable by fine; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 12 of Title 16 of the O.C.G.A., relating to offenses against public health and morals, so as to provide that vaping in restricted areas is a misdemeanor punishable by fine; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Education; local boards of education which operate a school with grades nine through 12 may provide instruction in lifeguarding and aquatic safety; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 2 of Title 20 of the O.C.G.A., relating to elementary and secondary education, so as to provide that local boards of education which operate a school with grades nine through 12 may provide instruction in lifeguarding and aquatic safety; to provide for Carnegie unit curriculum credits; to provide for definitions; to provide for conforming changes; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Counties, Municipal Corporations, and other Governmental Entities; regulation of businesses of persons under 18 years of age; prohibit. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 80 of Title 36 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to general provisions relative to counties, municipal corporations, and other governmental entities, so as to prohibit the regulation of businesses of persons under 18 years of age; to provide for definitions; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ad Valorem Taxation; state revenue commissioner to contract with the board of the Employees' Retirement System of Georgia to offer certain county tax commissioners the option to participate in a state administered deferred compensation plan; require. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 5 of Title 48 of the O.C.G.A., relating to ad valorem taxation, so as to require the state revenue commissioner to contract with the board of the Employees' Retirement System of Georgia to offer certain county tax commissioners the option to participate in a state administered deferred compensation plan; to provide for effective dates and applicability; to provide for nonseverability; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Governor; Office of the Inspector General; establish. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 12 of Title 45 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the Governor, so as to establish the Office of the Inspector General; to provide for definitions; to provide for duties; to provide certain powers; to provide procedures for the application of the duties and powers of such office; to provide a duty to report certain actions; to provide for employment of peace officers; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Secondary Metals Recyclers; it shall be illegal for certain persons to purchase, possess, obtain, or sell or attempt to purchase, possess, obtain, or sell; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 14 of Chapter 1 of Title 10 of the O.C.G.A., relating to secondary metals recyclers, so as to provide that it shall be illegal for certain persons to purchase, possess, obtain, or sell or attempt to purchase, possess, obtain, or sell used, detached catalytic converters, used utility wire, or used communications copper; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Sick Leave for Care of Immediate Family Members; sunset provision relating to such sick leave requirements; repeal. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 34-1-10 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to use of sick leave for care of immediate family members, so as to repeal the sunset provision relating to such sick leave requirements; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Counties and Municipal Corporations; certain local ordinances or policies relating to public camping or sleeping; prohibit. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 60 of Title 36 of the O.C.G.A., relating to general provisions applicable to counties and municipal corporations, so as to prohibit certain local ordinances or policies relating to public camping or sleeping; to provide for enforcement; to amend Title 50 of the O.C.G.A., relating to state government, so as to provide for a performance audit by the state auditor on public spending on homeless programs; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bonds and Recognizances; setting of bonds and schedules of bails; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 6 of Title 17 of the O.C.G.A., relating to bonds and recognizances, so as to provide for setting of bonds and schedules of bails; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Birth Certificate; issuance of a copy of the original birth certificate to certain adult persons who were adopted; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 31-10-14 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to issuance of a new birth certificate following adoption and legitimation or paternity determination, so as to provide for the issuance of a copy of the original birth certificate to certain adult persons who were adopted; to provide for a fee; to provide for the form of such copy; to standardize terminology relating to birth certificates; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Commissioner of Insurance; general provisions; establishing an advisory committee; provisions; authorize. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 1 of Title 33 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to general provisions, so as to authorize the Commissioner of Insurance to take certain actions, including but not limited to promulgating rules, applying for federal moneys, and establishing an advisory committee, to create, implement, or operate a state, federal, or partnership exchange or marketplace; to repeal former exemptions and prohibitions; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Superior Courts; Atlantic Judicial Circuit; additional judge; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 15-6-2 of the O.C.G.A., relating to the number of judges of superior courts, so as to provide for an additional judge of the superior courts of the Atlantic Judicial Circuit; to provide for related matters; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Honorable Clarence Thomas; placement of a monument in his honor within the capitol building or grounds; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 3 of Title 50 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to state flag, seal, and other symbols, so as to provide for placement of a monument in honor of the Honorable Clarence Thomas within the capitol building or grounds; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Telephone Services; class action suits and for damages against certain persons for violating provisions relating to telephone solicitations; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Part 1 of Article 2 of Chapter 5 of Title 46 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to general provisions relative to telephone service, so as to provide for class action suits and for damages against certain persons for violating provisions relating to telephone solicitations; to provide for legislative findings; to provide for actions and damages against persons and entities on whose behalf such provisions were violated; to provide for and prohibit certain defenses in such actions; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Commerce and Trade, Courts, and Torts; the disclosure of the nature and practices of businesses that provide legal services; require. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Titles 10, 15, and 51 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to commerce and trade, courts, and torts, respectively, so as to require the disclosure of the nature and practices of businesses that provide legal services; to provide for legislative findings; to provide for definitions; to prohibit misrepresentations in advertising; to conform a cross-reference; to provide for violations; to prohibit false advertising related to legal services; to prohibit persons ineligible to provide legal services from holding themselves out as attorneys; to provide liability for the misrepresentation of the practice of law; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date and applicability; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: State Employees' Health Insurance Plan; state health benefit plans to cover insulin medication at a reduced rate; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 1 of Chapter 18 of Title 45 of the O.C.G.A., relating to the state employees' health insurance plan and post-employment health benefit fund, so as to provide for state health benefit plans to cover insulin medication at a reduced rate; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Smalls Funeral Home; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Smalls Funeral Home; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Morgan Oil Company; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Morgan Oil Company; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Stalking; eligibility for restraining orders; revise. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 7 of Chapter 5 of Title 16 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to stalking, so as to revise the eligibility for restraining orders; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date and for applicability; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: "Georgia Uniform Securities Act of 2008"; financial protections for elder and disabled adults who may be victims of financial exploitation; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 5 of Title 10 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, the "Georgia Uniform Securities Act of 2008," so as to provide for financial protections for elder and disabled adults who may be victims of financial exploitation; to provide for reporting and notice requirements; to provide for the delay of disbursements or transactions that may result in such financial exploitation; to provide for civil and administrative liability protections; to provide for certain disclosures and access to records; to provide for limitations; to provide for definitions; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: "Speaker David Ralston Veterans' Retirement Act"; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 5 of Chapter 2 of Title 47 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to service creditable toward retirement benefits, so as to provide for creditable service for certain military service; to provide for application and payment; to provide for a short title; to provide for related matters; to provide conditions for an effective date and automatic repeal; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Education; eligible students participating in the Dual Enrollment program to access HOPE career grant funds for certain CTAE courses; allow. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 20 of the O.C.G.A., relating to education, so as to allow eligible students participating in the Dual Enrollment program to access HOPE career grant funds for certain CTAE courses irrespective of whether they have reached maximum credit hour caps; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cook, Jennie; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Jennie Cook; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Selling and Other Trade Practices; commercial financing disclosures; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 1 of Title 10 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to selling and other trade practices, so as to provide for commercial financing disclosures; to require certain persons who provide commercial financing transactions to make certain disclosures; to provide for penalties; to provide for applicability; to provide for definitions; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Workers' Compensation; the time period for the dissolution of the Subsequent Injury Trust Fund; extend. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 9 of Title 34 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to workers' compensation, so as to extend the time period for the dissolution of the Subsequent Injury Trust Fund; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Prosecuting Attorneys Oversight Commission; create. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 1 of Chapter 18 of Title 15 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to general provisions regarding prosecuting attorneys, so as to create the Prosecuting Attorneys Oversight Commission; to provide for definitions; to provide for the powers, composition, appointment, and confirmation of such commission; to provide for commission members' terms, vacancies, and removals; to provide for procedures and confidentiality; to provide for related matters; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Information Technology; use of certain social media platforms on state equipment; restrict. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 29 of Title 50 of the O.C.G.A., relating to information technology, so as to restrict the use of certain social media platforms on state equipment; to provide for definitions; to provide for related matters; to provide for legislative findings; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Solid Waste Trust Fund; specify the manner in which funds appropriated shall be used. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 12-8-37.1 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to state grants authorized relative to general provisions of solid waste management, so as to specify the manner in which funds appropriated to the Solid Waste Trust Fund shall be used; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: 'Georgia Cyber Command Act'; Georgia Cyber Command Division under the Georgia Emergency Management and Homeland Security Agency; create. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 3 of Title 38 of the O.C.G.A., relating to emergency management, so as to create the Georgia Cyber Command Division under the Georgia Emergency Management and Homeland Security Agency; to provide for a short title; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Kia Day at the state capitol; January 31, 2023; Kia's vehicle manufacturing and impact on the state; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Kia's vehicle manufacturing and impact on the state and recognizing January 31, 2023, as Kia Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Certificate of Need Requirements; exemption for acute care hospitals established in rural counties that meet certain criteria; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 31-6-47 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to exemptions from certificate of need requirements, so as to provide an exemption for acute care hospitals established in rural counties that meet certain criteria; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Unclaimed Property; handling of certain wills; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 5 of Chapter 12 of Title 44 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to disposition of unclaimed property, so as to provide for the handling of certain wills; to provide for definitions; to provide for administrative expenses of the commissioner; to provide for a claimant's designated representative; to provide for appeals; to provide for agreements for recovery; to provide for confidentiality; to provide a searchable data base for account information; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cobb County; sheriff compensation; change. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act changing the compensation of the clerk of the superior court, the sheriff, and the judge of the Probate Court of Cobb County from the fee system to the salary system, approved February 9, 1949 (Ga. L. 1949, p. 427), as amended, particularly by an Act approved May 13, 2022 (Ga. L. 2022, p. 6110), so as to change the compensation of the sheriff; to revise provisions relating to the compensation of deputies, the chief deputy, the assistant chief deputy, and the executive assistant to the sheriff; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Public School Employees Retirement System; the minimum and maximum allowable benefit multiplier for current and future retirees; revise. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 47-4-101 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to retirement benefits payable upon normal, early, or delayed retirement in the Public School Employees Retirement System, so as to revise the minimum and maximum allowable benefit multiplier for current and future retirees; to provide for related matters; to provide conditions for an effective date and automatic repeal; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: "Healthy Mothers, Healthy Babies Act"; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 7 of Chapter 4 of Title 49 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to medical assistance generally, so as to provide for a three-year pilot program to provide coverage for remote maternal health clinical services under the Medicaid program; to provide for eligibility; to provide for a final report; to provide for termination of the pilot project and automatic repeal of the statute; to provide for related matters; to provide for a short title; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: "Izzy's Law"; Depart. of Public Health shall develop and make available for download from its internet website a model aquatic safety plan based on national standards for private swim instructors; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 31 of the O.C.G.A., relating to health, so as to enact "Izzy's Law"; to provide that the Department of Public Health shall develop and make available for download from its internet website a model aquatic safety plan based on national standards for private swim instructors; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, Inc.; 110 years of service and recognizing February 27, 2023 as Delta Day at the state capitol; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Delta Sigma Theta Sorority Inc. for its 110 years of service and recognizing February 27, 2023, as Delta Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Department of Community Health; include continuous glucose monitors as a pharmacy benefit for Medicaid recipients; require. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 7 of Chapter 4 of Title 49 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to medical assistance generally, so as to require the Department of Community Health to include continuous glucose monitors as a pharmacy benefit for Medicaid recipients; to provide for coverage criteria; to provide for certain consultations by treating practitioners; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: 'Back the Blue Act'; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 1 of Title 33 of the O.C.G.A., relating to general provisions for insurance, so as to establish the Back the Blue Fund that distributes voluntary contributions made through motor vehicle insurance policies for the purpose of increasing the pay to or enhancing the benefits of law enforcement officers in this state; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: "Workforce EXCELeration Act"; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 4 of Title 20 of the O.C.G.A., relating to vocational, technical, and adult education, so as to provide for a pilot program whereby qualifying private nonprofit entities provide instruction and other services for eligible students 21 years of age and older to attain a high school diploma; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia National Guard; the adjutant general to be the official sponsor of the state sponsored life insurance program; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Part 4 of Article 3 of Chapter 2 of Title 38 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to rights, privileges, and prohibitions, so as to provide for the adjutant general to be the official sponsor of the state sponsored life insurance program for the Georgia National Guard; to provide for duties for the adjutant general regarding the program; to provide a definition; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Disposition of Municipal Property; the maximum term of certain leases or contracts for the use of property owned by a municipality for recreational facilities; provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 36-37-6 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to disposition of municipal property generally, so as to revise provisions relating to the maximum term of certain leases or contracts for the use, operation, or management of real or personal property owned by a municipality for recreational facilities; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ofosu-Appiah, Dr. Frank; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Dr. Frank Ofosu-Appiah; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bryant, Dr. Jamal; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dr. Jamal Bryant; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Motor Carriers; the reference date to federal regulations regarding the safe operation of motor carriers and commercial motor vehicles; update. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 40-1-8 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to safe operations of motor carriers, commercial motor vehicles, and drivers and safe transportation of hazardous materials, so as to update the reference date to federal regulations regarding the safe operation of motor carriers and commercial motor vehicles; to revise a definition; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Counties and Municipal Corporations; local governments from denying the drilling, servicing, or repair of new or existing water wells on single-family residential and farm properties; prohibit. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 60 of Title 36 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to general provisions applicable to counties and municipal corporations, so as to prohibit local governments from denying the drilling, servicing, or repair of new or existing water wells on single-family residential and farm properties; to prohibit local governments from precluding or denying the installation of new water wells on single-family residential and farm properties situated on one acre of property or more; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Excise Tax; procedures for certain local governments to change the designated private sector nonprofit organization; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 3 of Chapter 13 of Title 48 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to excise tax on rooms, lodgings, and accommodations, so as to provide procedures for certain local governments to change the designated private sector nonprofit organization engaged to promote tourism, conventions, and trade shows for such jurisdiction; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ali, Muhammad; honor. Description: A RESOLUTION remembering Muhammad Ali; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Peace Officers' Annuity and Benefit Fund; the total percentage of funds that can be invested in alternative investments; raise the limit. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 7 of Chapter 20 of Title 47 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, the "Public Retirement Systems Investment Authority Law," so as to raise the limit for the total percentage of funds that the Peace Officers' Annuity and Benefit Fund may invest in alternative investments; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Primaries and Elections; time off for employees to advance vote; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 2 of Title 21 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to primaries and elections generally, so as to provide for time off for employees to advance vote; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: City of Dalton; the election wards for the city council; change the description. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act consolidating, amending, and codifying the various Acts incorporating the City of Dalton, approved February 24, 1874 (Ga. L. 1874, p. 181), as amended, so as to change the description of the election wards for the city council; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Permanent Guardianship; service by publication; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Part 13 of Article 3 of Chapter 11 of Title 15 of the O.C.G.A., relating to permanent guardianship, so as to provide for service by publication; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Agriculture; the acquisition of possessory interest in certain land by certain nonresident aliens; prohibit. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 1 of Title 2 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to general provisions relative to agriculture, so as to prohibit the acquisition of possessory interest in certain land by certain nonresident aliens; to provide for definitions; to provide for exceptions; to provide for rules and regulations; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Juvenile Code; a uniform process to assume custody of children as a result of disposition orders; create. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 11 of Title 15 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the juvenile code, so as to create a uniform process to assume custody of children as a result of disposition orders; to provide for reporting requirements; to provide for a hearing; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Evidence; that a child witness be deemed competent to testify without taking the oath; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 24 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to evidence, so as to provide that a child witness be deemed competent to testify without taking the oath; to allow the use of narrative form medical reports in dependency and termination matters; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Paternity; Uniform Parentage Act of 2017; align evidentiary medical and genetic testing. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 3 of Chapter 7 of Title 19 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to determination of paternity, so as to align evidentiary medical and genetic testing with the Uniform Parentage Act of 2017; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Impact Fees; required revenue source for a development project involving workforce housing; modify. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 36-71-4 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to calculation of development impact fees, so as to modify the required revenue source for a development project involving workforce housing; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Tuition Equalization Grants at Private Colleges and Universities; definition of approved school; revise. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 20-3-411 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to definitions regarding tuition equalization grants at private colleges and universities, so as to revise the definition of approved school; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Office of Sheriff; procedure for filling vacancies; revise. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Sections 15-16-8 and 45-5-6 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to how vacancies filled, failure to appoint, and certification required and public official investigated by special commission upon indictment, gubernatorial review if commission recommends suspension, suspension, reinstatement, and replacement or temporary officer, respectively, so as to revise the procedure for filling vacancies in the office of sheriff; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hospitals; the treatment of gender dysphoria in minors performed in hospitals and other licensed healthcare facilities; prohibit certain surgical procedures. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 1 of Chapter 7 of Title 31 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to regulation of hospitals and related institutions, so as to prohibit certain surgical procedures for the treatment of gender dysphoria in minors from being performed in hospitals and other licensed healthcare facilities; to provide for exceptions; to provide for violations; to amend Article 1 of Chapter 34 of Title 43 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the Georgia Composite Medical Board, so as to prohibit certain surgical procedures for the treatment of gender dysphoria in minors; to provide for exceptions; to provide for violations; to provide for legislative findings; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Adjutant General; include a roster of all commissioned officers in the organized militia in the annual report to the Governor; remove the requirement. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 38-2-151 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to adjutant general, duties, records, seal, and effect on documentary evidence, so as to remove the requirement that the adjutant general include a roster of all commissioned officers in the organized militia in the annual report to the Governor; to provide for the removal of the requirement that the laws and regulations of such militia shall be indexed, printed, bound, and distributed to all forces of the militia; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: "Landscape Equipment and Agricultural Fairness (LEAF) Act"; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 60 of Title 36 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to general provisions applicable to counties and municipal corporations, so as to prohibit local regulations that create differing standards for or distinguish gasoline-powered leaf blowers from similar equipment; to provide for a short title; to provide for legislative findings; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Public Service Commission; regulation and taxation of the provision of certain electricity used as a motor fuel in electric vehicles; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 2 of Chapter 2 of Title 46, Chapter 1 of Title 10, and Article 1 of Chapter 9 of Title 48 of the O.C.G.A., relating to jurisdiction of and powers and duties of the Georgia Public Service Commission generally, selling and other trade practices, and motor fuel tax, respectively, so as to provide for the regulation and taxation of the provision of certain electricity used as a motor fuel in electric vehicles; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: "Boundless Opportunities for Georgia Students Act"; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 6 of Chapter 2 of Title 20 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, the "Quality Basic Education Act," so as to permit student transfers between local school systems without contracts between the local school system where the student resides and the local school system where the student seeks to enroll; to require the State Board of Education to provide for procedures for such student transfers; to provide for caps on tuition that can be charged to a student by an enrolling local unit of administration that exclusively provides virtual instruction to such student; to provide for related matters; to provide for a short title; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Nonprofit Corporations; comprehensively revise, simplify, and modernize said chapter. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 3 of Title 14 of the O.C.G.A., relating to nonprofit corporations, so as to comprehensively revise, simplify, and modernize said chapter; to provide for construction of said chapter; to provide definitions that clarify, shorten, and simplify the chapter and allow corporations flexibility in their articles and bylaws;to amend Code Section 8-2-42 of the O.C.G.A., relating to bribery of property or association managers regarding claims for damages arising out of construction defects prohibited and procedure for bringing action to remedy construction defects, to amend Code Section 14-5-40 of the O.C.G.A., relating to applicability of Chapter 3 of Title 14, so as to conform a cross-reference; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: "Georgia Door-to-Door Sales Act"; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 2 of Title 11 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, related to sales under the commercial code, so as to enact the "Georgia Door-to-Door Sales Act"; to provide for a short title; to provide for definitions; to require sellers to furnish to buyers receipts and copies of any contracts; to require sellers to provide notice of how to cancel a sale; to restrict certain door-to-door sales; to regulate the use of certain forms and notices; to provide for certain exemptions; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: "First Responders Appreciation Day"; designate September 11 of each year. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 4 of Title 1 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to holidays and observances, so as to designate September 11 of each year as "First Responders Appreciation Day" in Georgia; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dangerous Instrumentalities and Practices; provisions relating to harming a law enforcement animal; revise. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Part 1 of Article 4 of Chapter 11 of Title 16 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to general provisions relative to dangerous instrumentalities and practices, so as to revise provisions relating to harming a law enforcement animal; to provide for the offenses of interfering with or harming a public safety animal or search and rescue animal; to provide for definitions; to provide for punishment; to provide for applicability; to provide for restitution; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Funeral Directors and Embalmers; reinstatement of a lapsed funeral director's license; change provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Part 3 of Article 1 of Chapter 18 of Title 43 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to licenses for funeral directors and embalmers, so as to change certain provisions related to the reinstatement of a lapsed funeral director's license; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Professions and Businesses; preclearance process in the licensing of individuals with criminal records who make an application to or are investigated by certain licensing boards and commissions; create. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Titles 20, 26, 31, 33, and 43 of the O.C.G.A., relating to education, food, drugs, and cosmetics, health, insurance, and professions and businesses, respectively, so as to create a preclearance process in the licensing of individuals with criminal records who make an application to or are investigated by certain licensing boards and commissions; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date and applicability; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Property Insurance; insurance premium discount or rate reduction for property owners; tornado, hurricane, or other catastrophic windstorm events; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 32 of Title 33 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to property insurance, so as to provide for an insurance premium discount or rate reduction for property owners who build a new residential or commercial property or who retrofit an existing residential or commercial property located in this state that better resists tornado, hurricane, or other catastrophic windstorm events; to provide for applicability; to provide for definitions; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Correctional Institutions of States and Counties; wireless communications and stand-alone electronic devices behind guard lines; prohibit. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 1 of Chapter 5 of Title 42 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to general provisions regarding correctional institutions of states and counties, so as to prohibit wireless communications and stand-alone electronic devices behind guard lines; to provide for penalties; to provide for definitions; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Employment Security; provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 34 of the O.C.G.A., relating to labor and industrial relations, so as to change certain provisions relating to employment security; to extend certain provisions relating to the rate of employer contributions and variations from the standard rate; to provide for administrative assessments on wages; to provide for additional assessments for new or newly covered employers; to authorize the collection of administrative assessments; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: City of Powder Springs; update the boundaries of the city; adopt by reference. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating a new charter for the City of Powder Springs, approved March 13, 1970 (Ga. L. 1970, p. 2760), as amended, so as to adopt by reference a certain map to update the boundaries of the city; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hospitals and Nursing Homes; chiropractic practice to have a lien on a cause of action accruing to an injured person; allow. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Part 8 of Article 8 of Chapter 14 of Title 44 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to liens of hospitals and nursing homes, so as to allow a chiropractic practice to have a lien on a cause of action accruing to an injured person for the costs of care and treatment of injuries arising out of the cause of action; to revise definitions; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Public Schools; extension of hearing dates for student discipline tribunals; provide for limits. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 20-2-754 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to procedures to be followed by disciplinary officer, panel, or tribunal in public schools, and review, so as to provide for limits on the extension of hearing dates for student discipline tribunals; to require local school systems to provide appropriate grade-level instructional materials to any student subject to in-school suspension, short-term suspension, or long-term suspension pending completion of the student discipline tribunal; to provide for construction; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: "Students and Teachers SPEAK Act"; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 2 of Title 20 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to elementary and secondary education, so as to provide for the qualification and selection of students to advise the State Board of Education and local boards of education; to provide for the Georgia Teacher of the Year to be invited to advise the State Board of Education; to provide for a definition; to provide for compensation; to provide for restrictions; to provide for rules and regulations; to provide for construction; to provide for a short title; to provide for an effective date; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Development Authorities; the length of a director's hold-over period following expiration of term of office; limit. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 62 of Title 36 of the O.C.G.A., relating to development authorities, so as to limit the length of a director's hold-over period following expiration of term of office; to amend Code Section 36-62A-21 of the O.C.G.A., relating to required training on development and redevelopment programs, so as to require directors to do yearly continuing education; to amend Part 3 of Article 8 of Chapter 14 of Title 44 of the O.C.G.A., relating to mechanics and materialmen liens, so as to provide that such liens may attach to the usufruct interest of properties owned by or titled in a development authority or downtown development authority; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: "Food Insecurity Eradication Act"; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 2 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to agriculture, so as to enact the "Food Insecurity Eradication Act"; to provide for definitions; to create the Georgia Food Security Advisory Council; to provide for duties; to provide for appointments and reimbursements; to provide for reporting requirements; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date and automatic repeal; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: "Macon Water Authority Act"; code of conduct for board members, officers, and employees; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act known as the "Macon Water Authority Act," approved March 23, 1992 (Ga. L. 1992, p. 4991), as amended, so as to provide a code of conduct for board members, officers, and employees; to provide for prohibited actions; to provide for punishments; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: "Georgia Religious Freedom Restoration Act"; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 50 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to state government, so as to provide for the preservation of religious freedom; to provide for legislative findings and determinations; to provide for the granting of relief; to provide for definitions; to provide for construction; to provide for a short title; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Technology Authority; authority to conduct certain fingerprint criminal background checks of all current and prospective employees; require. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 25 of Title 50 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the Georgia Technology Authority, so as to require such authority to conduct certain fingerprint criminal background checks of all current and prospective employees, contractors, and subcontractors with access to state or federal filed tax documents; to provide for legislative findings; to provide for definitions; to provide an effective date; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: House, Bishop Marc L.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Bishop Marc L. House; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Elections; text portions of ballots shall be counted for vote tabulation and recounts purposes; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 2 of Title 21 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to primaries and elections generally, so as to provide that the text portions of ballots produced by ballot marking devices shall be counted for vote tabulation and recounts purposes instead of any machine coding; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Broadband Services; Department of Community Affairs to determine locations that are eligible for state or federal funding programs administered by the state; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 40 of Title 50 of the O.C.G.A., relating to the promotion and deployment of broadband services, so as to provide for the Department of Community Affairs to determine locations that are eligible for state or federal funding programs administered by the state for improved broadband services; to provide for rules, regulations, and guidance for determinations; to conform a cross-reference; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: "Freedom to Work Act"; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 43 of the O.C.G.A., relating to professions and businesses, so as to repeal Code Section 43-1-34, relating to licenses for transitioning members of the armed forces, and Code Section 43-1-35, relating to expedited license by endorsement for spouses of active or transitioning members of the armed forces, and to enact statutes to facilitate licensure of transitioning service members, military spouses, and other qualified individuals who have certifications from or work experience in the military or licenses from or work experience in another state under certain conditions; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: "Health Care Practitioners Truth and Transparency Act"; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 1 of Title 43 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to general provisions relative to professions and businesses, so as to prohibit deceptive or misleading terms or false representations by health care practitioners in advertisements and representations; to prohibit the misappropriation of medical or medical specialty titles by health care practitioners in advertisements and representations; to provide for definitions; to provide for related matters; to provide for a short title; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Public School Property and Facilities; outdoor learning spaces pilot program; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 11 of Chapter 2 of Title 20 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to public school property and facilities, so as to provide for an outdoor learning spaces pilot program; to provide for a pilot program evaluation and report; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Education Accountability; recognition of certain accrediting agencies as evaluators of the quality of education offered in public schools in this state; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 14 of Title 20 of the O.C.G.A., relating to education accountability, so as to provide for the recognition of certain accrediting agencies as evaluators of the quality of education offered in public schools in this state; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: 'Georgia Development Impact Fee Act'; provide for fees for education. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 71 of Title 36 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to development impact fees, so as to provide for development impact fees for education; to provide for definitions; to provide for the manner of calculation, imposition, and collection of such fees; to provide for related matters; to provide for a contingent effective date and for automatic repeal; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Council on Literacy; establish. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 20 of the O.C.G.A., relating to education, so as to establish the Georgia Council on Literacy; to provide for consultation with subject matter experts; to provide for automatic repeal; to require local school systems to develop and implement five-year literacy plans for such school system and individual literacy plans for students in kindergarten through grade five; to replace the Education Coordinating Council with the Alliance of Education Agency Heads; to provide for related matters; to make conforming changes; to provide for legislative findings; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Probate Court Judges; relating to elections; end activities and duties. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 9 of Title 15 of the O.C.G.A., relating to probate courts, and Title 21 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to elections, respectively, so as to end activities and duties of probate court judges relating to elections; to provide for related matters; to provide effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Zoning Procedures; local governments from preventing the continuance of lawful nonconforming use of property; prohibit. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 66 of Title 36 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to zoning procedures, so as to prohibit local governments from preventing the continuance of lawful nonconforming use of property when a preexisting manufactured home or mobile home is replaced with another such home; to provide for exceptions; to provide for definitions; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Public Records; personal information of public employees; protect from public disclosure. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 4 of Chapter 18 of Title 50 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to inspection of public records, so as to protect from public disclosure certain personal information of public employees; to remove an exemption relating to public disclosure of certain public records pertaining to public employees; to provide for definitions; to require local governments to remove upon request certain personally identifiable information of public employees from certain property records; to require local governments to provide a form for such requests; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Children and Youth Services; respite care for foster parents for longer periods of time pursuant to circumstances; authorize. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 1 of Chapter 5 of Title 49 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to children and youth services, so as to authorize respite care for foster parents for longer periods of time pursuant to circumstances delineated in rules and regulations established by the Department of Human Services; to revise terminology; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: "Eliminating Ghost Plates Act"; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 2 of Title 40 of the O.C.G.A., relating to registration and licensing of motor vehicles, so as to provide for the offense of operation of a motor vehicle with a fraudulent license plate; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Identification Cards; issuance of identification cards to persons completing a term of incarceration; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 5 of Chapter 5 of Title 40 of the O.C.G.A., relating to identification cards for persons without drivers' licenses, so as to provide for the issuance of identification cards to persons completing a term of incarceration; to provide that the Department of Corrections share identifying information with the Department of Driver Services; to amend Article 2 of Chapter 9 of Title 42 of the O.C.G.A., relating to grants of pardons, paroles, and other relief, so as to provide consent for the release of certain criminal history, vocational, and educational information to inmates upon release; to provide for issuance of a personal identification card or operator's license; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: 'Georgia Farmland Conservation Act'; historic preservation. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 10 of Title 44 of the O.C.G.A., relating to historic preservation, so as to establish the Georgia Farmland Conservation Fund, Georgia Farmland Conservation Fund Program, and Georgia Farmland Advisory Council; to provide matching grants to certain holders or prospective holders of agricultural conservation easements; to provide for a short title; to provide for legislative intent; to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Primaries and Elections; all costs and expenses relating to election administration are paid for with lawfully appropriate public funds; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 2 of Title 21 of the O.C.G.A, relating to primaries and elections generally, so as to provide that all costs and expenses relating to election administration are paid for with lawfully appropriate public funds; to provide for related matters; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Health; reimbursement of patient incurred expenses related to participation in a cancer clinical trial; authorize. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 1 of Title 31 of the O.C.G.A., relating to general provisions regarding health, so as to authorize reimbursement of patient incurred expenses related to participation in a cancer clinical trial; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Macon-Bibb County; provisions to general law and the consolidation; modernize and conform. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to create a board of elections in Bibb County, Georgia, known as the Macon-Bibb County Board of Elections, approved April 23, 1969 (Ga. L. 1969, p. 3331), so as to modernize and conform provisions to general law and the consolidation of Macon-Bibb County; to revise provisions relating to appointment of board members and the election supervisor; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Programs and Protection for Children; foster parents bill of rights; revise provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 5 of Title 49 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to programs and protection for children, so as to revise provisions relating to the foster parents bill of rights; to provide for definitions; to provide that such rights include relative caregivers and fictive kin; to provide for the development of administrative procedures; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Richmond County and the City of Augusta; mayor shall be a full voting member of the commission; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing for the consolidation of Richmond County and the City of Augusta, approved March 27, 1995 (Ga. L. 1995, p. 3648), as amended, so as to provide that the mayor shall be a full voting member of the commission; to provide for the effective dates of ordinances and resolutions; to provide for a referendum, effective dates, and automatic repeal; to provide for mandatory execution of election and judicial remedies regarding failure to comply; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Courts; provide for probate court fees; funding of the State Children's Trust Fund; requirement of permit for conduct of fireworks display; amend. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 15 of the O.C.G.A., relating to courts, so as to provide for probate court fees; to provide for funding of the State Children's Trust Fund; to revise provisions regarding additional fees; to amend Code Section 25-10-4 of the O.C.G.A., relating to requirement of permit for conduct of fireworks display, application, imposition of conditions as to granting of permit, duration and transfer of permit, disposition of excess fireworks, and fees, and Chapter 6 of Title 29 of the O.C.G.A., relating to judges of probate courts as custodians of certain funds, so as to repeal a provision regarding compensation of probate court judges; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date and applicability; repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: 'The Georgia Promise Scholarship Act'; establishment of promise scholarship accounts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 20 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to education, so as to provide for the establishment of promise scholarship accounts to be funded by the state in the amount of $6,000.00 per school year for each participating student; to provide for definitions; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Barrow County's 2023 STAR Students and STAR Teachers; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Barrow County's 2023 STAR Students and STAR Teachers; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: "HBCU Innovation and Economic Prosperity Planning Districts Act"; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 8 of Title 50 of the O.C.G.A., relating to the Department of Community Affairs, so as to create the HBCU Innovation and Economic Prosperity Planning Districts Commission; to provide for membership and operation; to provide for an executive director; to provide for advisory committees; to provide for powers and duties; to provide that the commission may accept outside funding from public or private grants, devises, and bequests; to provide for reporting; to provide for a short title; to provide for legislative findings; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Georgia Student Finance Authority; student loan repayment for peace officers; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Part 3 of Article 7 of Chapter 3 of Title 20 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the Georgia Student Finance Authority, so as to provide for student loan repayment for peace officers; to provide for definitions; to provide for eligibility requirements; to provide for continued eligibility requirements; to provide for student loan repayment agreements and conditions; to provide for maximum student loan repayment amounts; to provide for rules and regulations; to provide for appropriations contingency; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Retirement and Pensions; the minimum and maximum allowable benefit multiplier for current and future retirees; revise. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 47 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to retirement and pensions, so as to revise the minimum and maximum allowable benefit multiplier for current and future retirees; to require certain social security coverage for all employees of a political subdivision who are members of the Public School Employees Retirement System; to prohibit the approval of certain plans; to provide for reporting; to provide for related matters; to provide conditions for an effective date and automatic repeal; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Board of Health Care Workforce; student loan repayment for certain nursing faculty; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 10 of Title 49 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the Georgia Board of Health Care Workforce, so as to provide for student loan repayment for certain nursing faculty; to provide for definitions; to authorize the board to approve applications; to provide for eligibility requirements; to provide for continued eligibility requirements; to provide for student loan repayment agreements and conditions; to provide for rules and regulations; to provide for an appropriations contingency; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Leadership Cobb; Leadership Cobb Class of 2023; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Leadership Cobb and the Leadership Cobb Class of 2023; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Selling and other Trade Practices; requirements for earned wage access services; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 1 of Title 10 of the O.C.G.A., relating to selling and other trade practices, so as to provide requirements for earned wage access services; to provide for fees that may be charged for such services; to provide that earned wage access payments are nonrecourse and are not loans; to provide that permitted fees are not interest; to provide for definitions; to provide for applicability; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Superior Court of Banks County; move from the Piedmont Judicial Circuit to the Mountain Judicial Circuit. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 1 of Chapter 6 of Title 15 of the O.C.G.A., relating to general provisions regarding the superior courts, so as to move the Superior Court of Banks County from the Piedmont Judicial Circuit to the Mountain Judicial Circuit; to revise the composition and terms of court of the Piedmont Judicial Circuit to the Mountain Judicial Circuit; to provide for the composition and terms of court of the Piedmont Judicial Circuit to the Mountain Judicial Circuit; to provide for related matters; to provide effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Retirement and Pensions; fiduciary duty to invest retirement assets solely in the financial interests of participants and their beneficiaries; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 47 of the O.C.G.A., relating to retirement and pensions, so as to provide for a fiduciary duty to invest retirement assets solely in the financial interests of participants and their beneficiaries; to provide for duties; to provide for a definition; to revise the minimum and maximum allowable benefit multiplier for current and future retirees of the Public School Employees Retirement System; to provide for related matters; to provide conditions for an effective date and automatic repeal; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Prosecuting Attorneys Qualifications Commission; promulgate standards of conduct and rules for the commission's governance; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 15-18-32 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to Prosecuting Attorneys Qualifications Commission, authority, membership, ex parte communications, governance, disciplinary actions, confidentiality, and privileged nature; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Courts; supplement the duties of administrative judges; Criminal Case Data Exchange Board; reestablish. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to Title 15 of the O.C.G.A., relating to courts, is amended so as to supplement the duties of administrative judges; to reestablish the Criminal Case Data Exchange Board; to repeal Code Section 15-6-50.3, relating to Criminal Case Data Exchange Board created, membership, operation, role, and public access, in its entirety; to amend Article 2 of Chapter 3 of Title 35 and Code Section 50-25-7.1 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to Georgia Crime Information Center and technology empowerment fund, appropriations, initiatives, steering committee, and release of funds, respectively, so as to provide for cross-references; to provide for related matters; repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Screven County; board of elections and registration; create. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to create a board of elections and registration for Screven County; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Huynh, Victoria; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Victoria Huynh; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: "Columbia County Public Facilities Authority Act"; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to create the Columbia County Public Facilities Authority; to provide for a short title; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Board of Education of the City of Decatur; the board of education election districts; reapportion. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act relating to the Board of Education of the City of Decatur, approved April 13, 2001 (Ga. L. 2001, p. 4351), as amended, particularly by an Act approved March 20, 2012 (Ga. L. 2012, p. 4458), so as to reapportion the board of education election districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: City of Decatur; independent school district ad valorem taxes for educational purposes; homestead exemption; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide a homestead exemption from City of Decatur independent school district ad valorem taxes for educational purposes for a period of five years in the amount of $200,000.00 of the assessed value of the homestead for residents of that school district who are between 65 and 69 years of age and whose income does not exceed $62,000.00; to provide a homestead exemption from City of Decatur independent school district ad valorem taxes for educational purposes for a period of five years in the amount of $200,000.00 of the assessed value of the homestead for residents of that school district who are 70 years of age or older regardless of income; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: City of Hampton; ad valorem taxes for municipal purposes; homestead exemption; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide a homestead exemption from City of Hampton ad valorem taxes for municipal purposes in the amount of $50,000.00 of the assessed value of the homestead for residents of that city who are both under 65 years of age and totally disabled; to provide for definitions; to specify the terms and conditions of the exemption and the procedures relating thereto; to provide for applicability; to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to provide for a referendum, effective dates, automatic repeal, mandatory execution of election, and judicial remedies regarding failure to comply; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: General Assembly; motor fuel and diesel fuel taxes; ratify Governor Brian P. Kemp's Executive Orders. Description: A RESOLUTION ratifying Governor Brian P. Kemp's Executive Order Nos. 05.26.22.02, 07.01.22.02, 08.03.22.02, 09.01.22.02, 10.03.22.02, 11.04.22.02, and 12.08.22.02 suspending the collection of motor fuel and diesel fuel taxes; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: City of Hampton; ad valorem taxes for municipal purposes; homestead exemption; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide a homestead exemption from City of Hampton ad valorem taxes for municipal purposes in the amount of $15,000.00 of the assessed value of the homestead for residents of that city; to provide for definitions; to specify the terms and conditions of the exemption and the procedures relating thereto; to provide for applicability; to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to provide for a referendum, effective dates, automatic repeal, mandatory execution of election, and judicial remedies regarding failure to comply; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: City of Forsyth; provisions related to the powers of the city manager related to appointment of department heads; revise. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to provide a new charter for the City of Forsyth, approved May 5, 2015 (Ga. L. 2015, p. 3542), so as to revise provisions related to the powers of the city manager related to appointment of department heads; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Catoosa County; homestead exemption; unremarried surviving spouse of a person granted the exemption; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to provide a homestead exemption from all Catoosa County School District ad valorem taxes for educational purposes in the amount of the full value of the homestead for certain residents of that school district who are 75 years of age or over, approved April 2, 1998 (Ga. L. 1998, p. 4051), so as to provide that the unremarried surviving spouse of a person granted the exemption provided for in this Act shall continue to receive such exemption following the death of the original grantee, provided that such surviving spouse is 70 years of age or older; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: County Boards of Health; operational policies and procedures of the Department of Public Health apply to local personnel; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 3 of Title 31 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to county boards of health, so as to provide that operational policies and procedures of the Department of Public Health apply to local personnel; to authorize the department to establish health districts; to revise the manner of selection and qualifications of district health directors; to provide for a chief medical officer for a health district under certain circumstances; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Town of Camak; new charter; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide a new charter for the Town of Camak; to provide for incorporation, boundaries, and powers of the municipality; to provide for a governing authority and structure of such municipality and the powers, duties, authority, election, terms, vacancies, compensation, expenses, qualifications, prohibitions, conflicts of interest, and suspension and removal from office relative to members of such governing authority; to provide for other matters relative to the foregoing; to repeal a specific Act; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lumpkin County; levy an excise tax; procedures, conditions, and limitations; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to authorize the governing authority of Lumpkin County to levy an excise tax pursuant to subsection (b) of Code Section 48-13-51 of the O.C.G.A.; to provide for procedures, conditions, and limitations; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: McIntosh County; redevelopment and other powers; referendum; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to authorize McIntosh County to exercise all redevelopment and other powers provided for under Article IX, Section II, Paragraph VII(b) of the Georgia Constitution and Chapter 44 of Title 36 of the O.C.G.A., the "Redevelopment Powers Law," as amended; to provide for a referendum; to provide for effective dates; to provide for automatic repeal under certain circumstances; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Rockdale County; compensation of the chairperson and commissioners; provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating a board of commissioners for Rockdale County, approved March 4, 1977 (Ga. L. 1977, p. 2817), as amended, particularly by an Act approved April 16, 1999 (Ga. L. 1999, p. 4757), so as to change the provisions relating to the compensation of the chairperson and commissioners; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: City of Port Wentworth; to levy an excise tax; authorize. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to authorize the governing authority of the City of Port Wentworth to levy an excise tax pursuant to subsection (b) of Code Section 48-13-51 of the O.C.G.A.; to provide procedures, conditions, and limitations; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Schley County; board of elections and registration; create. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to create a board of elections and registration for Schley County; to provide for related matters; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Board of Education of Dodge County; description of the education districts; change. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing for the election of members of the Board of Education of Dodge County, approved March 6, 1996 (Ga. L. 1996, p. 3507), as amended, particularly by an Act approved February 17, 2022 (Ga. L. 2022, p. 4542), so as to change the description of the education districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for the continuation in office of the current members; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Early County School District; ad valorem taxes for educational purposes; extend the expiration date. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing a homestead exemption from Early County school district ad valorem taxes for educational purposes in the amount of $150,000.00 of the assessed value of the homestead for five years for residents of that school district who are 70 years of age or older, approved May 10, 2021 (Ga. L. 2021, p. 4267), as amended, so as to extend the expiration date of the exemption; to provide for a referendum, effective dates, and automatic repeal, mandatory execution of election, and judicial remedies regarding failure to comply; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: City of Hampton; ad valorem taxes for municipal purposes; homestead exemption; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide a homestead exemption from the City of Hampton ad valorem taxes for municipal purposes in the amount of $50.000.00 of the assessed value of the homestead for residents of that city who are 68 years of age or older; to provide for definitions; to specify the terms and conditions of the exemption and the procedures relating thereto; to provide for applicability; to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to provide for a referendum, effective dates, automatic repeal, mandatory execution of election, and judicial remedies regarding failure to comply; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: City of Hampton; ad valorem taxes for municipal purposes; homestead exemption; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide a homestead exemption from the City of Hampton ad valorem taxes for municipal purposes in the amount of $25,000.00 of the assessed value of the homestead for residents of that city who are 62 years of age or older and under 68 years of age; to provide for definitions; to specify the terms and conditions of the exemption and the procedures relating thereto; to provide for applicability; to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to provide for a referendum, effective dates, automatic repeal, mandatory execution of election, and judicial remedies regarding failure to comply; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Private Review Agents; health insurers to implement and maintain a program that allows for the selective application of reductions; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 46 of Title 33 of the O.C.G.A., relating to certification of private review agents, so as to provide for health insurers to implement and maintain a program that allows for the selective application of reductions in prior authorization requirements under certain circumstances; to provide for an annual filing; to provide for the promulgation of rules and regulations; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date and applicability; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: City of Hampton; ad valorem taxes for municipal purposes; homestead exemption; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide a homestead exemption from City of Hampton ad valorem taxes for municipal purposes in an amount equal to the amount by which the current year assessed value of a homestead exceeds the base year assessed value of such homestead; to provide for definitions; to specify the terms and conditions of the exemption and the procedures relating thereto; to provide for applicability; to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to provide for a referendum, effective dates, automatic repeal, mandatory execution of election, and judicial remedies regarding failure to comply; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Newton County; the income cap and exemption provided to citizens who are 65 years of age or older; homestead exemption; increase. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing homestead exemptions from Newton County and Newton County School District ad valorem taxation, approved April 4, 1991 (Ga. L. 1991, p. 4328), so as to increase the income cap and exemption provided to citizens who are 65 years of age or older from Newton County School District ad valorem taxation; to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to provide for a referendum, effective dates, automatic repeal, mandatory execution of election, and judicial remedies regarding failure to comply; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Rockdale County; compensation of the coroner; change. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing an annual salary for the coroner of Rockdale County in lieu of a fee system of compensation, approved April 4, 1967 (Ga. L. 1967, p. 2505), as amended, particularly by an Act approved April 16, 1999 (Ga. L. 1999, p. 4751), so as to change the compensation of the coroner; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Magistrate's Court of Rockdale County; provisions relating to the compensation of the chief magistrate; change. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating a Magistrate's Court of Rockdale County, approved March 13, 1978 (Ga. L. 1978, p. 3907), as amended, particularly by an Act approved April 16, 1999 (Ga. L. 1999, p. 4725), so as to change the provisions relating to the compensation of the chief magistrate; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: State Court of Rockdale County; compensation of the judges of said court; revise provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating the State Court of Rockdale County, approved April 2, 1987 (Ga. L. 1987, p. 5452), as amended, particularly by an Act approved June 29, 2020 (Ga. L. 2020, p. 3679), so as to revise provisions relating to compensation of the judges of said court; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Juvenile Court of Rockdale County; judge; supplementary compensation; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide for the supplementary compensation of the judge of the juvenile court of Rockdale County; to provide an effective date; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Probate Court of Rockdale County; compensation of such judge; change. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing an annual salary for the judge of the Probate Court of Rockdale County in lieu of the fee system of compensation, approved March 4, 1969 (Ga. L. 1969, p. 2173), as amended, particularly by an Act approved May 11, 2011 (Ga. L. 2011, p. 3969), so as to change the provisions relating to the compensation of such judge; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Atlanta Board of Education; qualifications for membership on said board related to working for other boards of education; remove limitations. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to continue the existence of the Atlanta Independent School System under the management and control of the Atlanta Board of Education, approved June 3, 2003 (Ga. L. 2003, p. 4154), as amended, particularly by an Act approved May 6, 2013 (Ga. L. 2013, p. 4341), so as to remove limitations on qualifications for membership on said board related to working for other boards of education; to reapportion the board of education election districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Sheriffs' Retirement Fund of Georgia; increase in dues; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 16 of Title 47 of the O.C.G.A., relating to the Sheriffs' Retirement Fund of Georgia, so as to provide for an increase in dues; to provide for an increase in the sum to be paid for purchasing prior service credit; to provide for related matters; to provide conditions for an effective date and automatic repeal; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: State Printing and Documents; a victim centered address confidentiality program; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 18 of Title 50 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to state printing and documents, so as to provide for a victim centered address confidentiality program; to provide for application to such program; to provide for designation of confidential addresses; to provide for certification of program participants; to provide for renewal and cancellation of certifications; to provide for disclosures; to provide for real property records; to provide for training; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Peace Officers' Annuity and Benefit Fund; provisions; revise. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 47 of the O.C.G.A., relating to retirement and pensions, so as to revise many provisions of the Peace Officers' Annuity and Benefit Fund; to revise provisions related to eligibility and full-time employment; to revise provisions related to the appointment, terms of office, and duties of the board of trustees; to provide for related matters; to provide for conditions for an effective date and automatic repeal; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: "Helping Firefighters Beat Cancer Act"; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 25-3-23 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to minimum requirements, equipment and clothing, and insurance relative to local fire departments generally, so as to revise qualifications for insurance coverage for firefighters diagnosed with cancer; to provide for a short title; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: "Safeguarding Adopted Children from Sexual Violence Act"; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 16-6-22 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to incest, so as to expressly include relationship by adoption; to provide for a short title; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Colonel; appoint honorary title for life; authorize the Governor. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 38-2-111 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to personal aides-de-camp, appointments, commissions, length of service, and duties, so as to authorize the Governor to appoint honorary Georgia Colonels for life; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Board of Education of Cobb County; education districts; change the description. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing for the election of members of the Board of Education of Cobb County, approved March 28, 1974 (Ga. L. 1974, p. 3516), as amended, particularly by an Act approved March 2, 2022 (Ga. L. 2022, p. 5274), so as to change the description of the education districts of such board; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for the manner of election; to provide an effective date; to repeal a specific Act; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Probate Court of Crisp County; assessment and collection of a technology fee; authorize. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to authorize the assessment and collection of a technology fee by the Probate Court of Crisp County; to identify the authorized uses of such technology fee; to provide for the termination of such technology fee and dedication of residual funds to technology uses; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Sales and Use Taxes; firearm safes and firearm safety devices; exempt. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 48-8-3 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to exemptions from sales and use taxes, so as to exempt sales of firearm safes and firearm safety devices; to provide for definitions; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Official Code of Georgia Annotated; relating to inactive boards, panels, authorities, centers, commissions, committees, councils, task forces, and other such bodies and certain procedures of the General Assembly; repeal. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend various titles of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated so as to revise committee names; to repeal provisions relating to inactive boards, panels, authorities, centers, commissions, committees, councils, task forces, and other such bodies and certain procedures of the General Assembly; to make conforming changes throughout the Code; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Child Abuse Records; child abuse and neglect registries; authorize the disclosure. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 2 of Chapter 5 of Title 49 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to child abuse records, so as to authorize the disclosure or use of information from child abuse and neglect registries by the Department of Human Services to locate, recover, or provide services to a child determined to be missing or a victim of sexual exploitation; to provide for access to records concerning reports of child abuse and missing or exploited children to the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Sales and Use Taxes; firearms, ammunition, gun safes, and related accessories during an 11 day period each year; exempt. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 48-8-3 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to exemptions from sales and use taxes, so as to exempt sales of firearms, ammunition, gun safes, and related accessories during an 11 day period each year; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Probate Court of Dooly County; assessment and collection of a technology fee; authorize. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to authorize the assessment and collection of a technology fee by the Probate Court of Dooly County; to identify the authorized uses of such technology fee; to provide for the termination of such technology fee and dedication of residual funds to technology uses; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Tallapoosa Judicial Circuit; additional judge of the superior courts; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 15-6-2 of the O.C.G.A., relating to the number of judges of superior courts, so as to provide for an additional judge of the superior courts of the Tallapoosa Judicial Circuit; to provide for the appointment of such additional judge by the Governor; to provide for related matters; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Notification of Suspicious or Unusual Deaths; individual had not been seen by a physician prior to death; revise the period. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 45-16-24 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to notification of suspicious or unusual deaths, court ordered medical examiner's inquiry, and written report of inquiry, so as to revise the period for which an individual had not been seen by a physician prior to death to be considered an unattended death; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Ad Valorem Taxation of Property; setting of millage rates; revise provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 5 of Title 48 of the O.C.G.A., relating to ad valorem taxation of property, so as to revise provisions related to the setting of millage rates; to limit the application of the freezing of the assessed value as a result of an appeal; to limit the application of a temporary reduction in the taxes owed when a taxpayer appeals to superior court and does not participate in the settlement conference; to provide for a statewide homestead exemption from ad valorem taxes in an amount equal to the amount by which the current year assessed value of a homestead is more than 3 percent from the adjusted base year value of such homestead; to provide for related matters; to provide for a referendum, effective dates, applicability, and automatic repeal; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: "Protecting Georgia's Children on Social Media Act of 2024"; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Titles 20 and 39 of the O.C.G.A, relating to education and minors, respectively, so as to provide for social media platform access by minors; to require local boards of education to adopt, implement, and enforce social media policies; to authorize the Attorney General and the Department of Education to consult with and assist local boards of education in the development and implementation of such policies; to require social medial platforms to provide certain information to parents upon request; to provide for enforcement authority of the Attorney General; to prohibit certain waivers; to provide for definitions; to provide for effective dates; to provide for a short title; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Motor Vehicle Equipment and Inspection; standards for the alteration and operation of motor vehicles with modified suspension systems; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Part 1 of Article 1 of Chapter 8 of Title 40 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to general provisions relative to motor vehicle equipment and inspection, so as to provide for standards for the alteration and operation of motor vehicles with modified suspension systems; to revise definitions; to prohibit the operation of a motor vehicle with broken suspension system springs; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Highways, Bridges, and Ferries; duties when death results from an accident upon a highway in certain instances; allow for delegation. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 32 of the O.C.G.A., relating to highways, bridges, and ferries; to amend weight and dimension requirements for modular unit transporters; to amend Code Section 45-16-23 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to delegation of power by coroner or county medical examiner and qualifications of those authorized to perform examinations, so as to allow for delegation of duties when death results from an accident upon a highway in certain instances; to amend Code Section 50-18-72 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to when public disclosure not required by a state agency, so as to exempt certain records from public disclosure requirements; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cosmetologists and Barbers; persons performing certain limited responsibilities; exempt from licensure. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 10 of Title 43 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to cosmetologists and barbers, so as to exempt from licensure persons performing certain limited responsibilities; to provide for definitions; to provide for related matters: to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Elections and Primaries; use of ranked-choice voting; prohibit. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 1 of Chapter 2 of Title 21 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to general provisions regarding elections and primaries, so as to prohibit the use of ranked-choice voting; to provide for certain exceptions; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: State Election Board; remove the Secretary of State; authorize the board to investigate. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Subpart 1 of Part 1 of Article 2 of Chapter 2 of Title 21 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the State Election Board, so as to remove the Secretary of State from the board; to authorize the board to investigate the Secretary of State; to require the Secretary of State to cooperate with certain investigations; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Capital Outlay Funds; used for educational facilities for voluntary pre-kindergarten programs provided by the school system; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 20-2-260 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to capital outlay funds in elementary and secondary education, so as to provide that capital outlay funds may be used for educational facilities for voluntary pre-kindergarten programs provided by the school system; to provide that student projection counts may include pre-kindergarten; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: State Government; employee representation by a labor organization for employers to receive certain economic development incentives from the state; provide requirements. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 50 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to state government, so as to provide for requirements relative to employee representation by a labor organization for employers to receive certain economic development incentives from the state; to provide for definitions; to provide for a penalty; to provide for applicability; to provide for oversight; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: "Tax Expenditures Transparency Act of 2024"; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 28 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the General Assembly, so as to revise provisions related to the adoption and contents of general appropriations bills; to revise provisions for certain economic analyses; to revise the legislative review of taxation; to provide a definition; to establish the Joint Committee on Taxation and Economic Development; to provide for membership, officers, meetings, authority, reports, cooperation, and expenses; to provide for a short title; to provide for an effective date; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Motor Vehicles; issuance of license plates commemorating the United States of America's semiquincentennial; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 2 of Chapter 2 of Title 40 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to registration and licensing of motor vehicles generally, so as to provide for the issuance of license plates commemorating the United States of America's semiquincentennial; to provide for the selection of the design for such license plate; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to provide for automatic repeal; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Human Trafficking Hotline Information; certain establishments to post human trafficking hotline information; require. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 16-5-47 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to posting model notice with human trafficking hotline information in business and on internet, so as to require certain establishments to post human trafficking hotline information; to amend Chapter 24A of Title 43 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to massage therapy practice, so as to provide for human trafficking awareness training for board members; to provide for inspections of massage therapy practices; to require licensees to display a photograph along with their massage therapy practice licenses; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Madden, Jamie; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Jamie Madden; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: "Daniel D. Podsiadly, Jr. Act"; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 1 of Chapter 9 of Title 34 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to general provisions of workers' compensation; to provide for definitions; to amend Article 5 of Chapter 9 of Title 45 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to law enforcement officers, firemen, prison guards, and publicly employed emergency medical technicians, so as to provide compensation to eligible peace officers from the State Indemnification Fund; to provide for related matters; to provide for a short title; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Licensure in Marriage and Family Therapy; issuance of expedited licenses by endorsement for marriage and family therapists; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 43-10A-13 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to requirements for licensure in marriage and family therapy, so as to provide for the issuance of expedited licenses by endorsement for marriage and family therapists; to provide a definition; to provide for legislative construction; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: "Professional Engineers and Land Surveyors Act of 2021"; land surveyor interns and professional land surveyors; change provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 15 of Title 43 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, the "Professional Engineers and Land Surveyors Act of 2021," so as to change provisions relating to land surveyor interns and professional land surveyors; to provide for educational requirements; to provide for apprenticeships; to provide for a short title; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Behavioral Health Coordinating Council; add commissioner of veterans service. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 37-2-4 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the Behavioral Health Coordinating Council, membership, meetings, and obligations, so as to add the commissioner of veterans service as a member of such council; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Juvenile Code; improve timely permanent placement of a child removed from their home; clarify requirements. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 11 of Title 15 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the Juvenile Code, so as to clarify requirements of parents, DFCS, and court in order to improve timely permanent placement of a child removed from their home; to provide for a hearing to be held prior to a dependent child's fifteenth month in foster care to review a determination of the Division of Family and Children Services of the Department of Human Services not to petition to terminate parental rights; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date and applicability; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Courts and Social Services; licensing of qualified residential treatment programs; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Titles 15 and 49 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the courts and social services, respectively, so as to provide for the licensing of qualified residential treatment programs; to revise the definition of "qualified residential treatment program" to conform with federal law; to provide for definitions; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Gilmer County; board of elections and registration; create. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to create a board of elections and registration for Gilmer County; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Public Officers and Employees; development and administration of the State of Georgia as a Model Employer (GAME) Program; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 19 of Title 45 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to labor practices relative to public officers and employees, so as to provide for the development and administration of the State of Georgia as a Model Employer (GAME) Program for the recruitment, hiring, advancement, and retention of qualified individuals with disabilities at all levels and for all occupations; to establish state policy; to provide for definitions; to provide for certain duties of the State ADA Coordinator; to establish the elements of the GAME Program; to provide for the development of plans by state agencies; to provide for reporting; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Georgia Military College; legislative intent language regarding certain postsecondary study beyond the second year level; revise. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Part 2 of Article 9 of Chapter 3 of Title 20 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to funding, donations, property, and scholarships with respect to Georgia Military College, so as to revise legislative intent language regarding certain postsecondary study beyond the second year level; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: State Government; regulation and taxation of sports betting in this state; authorize and provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 50 of the O.C.G.A., relating to state government, so as to authorize and provide for the regulation and taxation of sports betting in this state; to change certain provisions relating; to increase funding to the state's Pre-K programs; to provide for the corporation to engage in certain activities related to sports betting; to provide for a short title; to amend Part 1 of Article 2 of Chapter 12 of Title 16 of the O.C.G.A., relating to gambling, so as to exclude any consideration paid to a sports betting licensee from the definition of "bet"; to amend Title 48 of the O.C.G.A., relating to revenue and taxation, so as to exempt wagers placed as part of sports betting; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Identification Cards; certain applicants who are either homeless or in the legal custody of the Division of Family and Children Services do not require signatures; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 5 of Chapter 5 of Title 40 of the O.C.G.A., relating to identification cards for persons without drivers' licenses, so as to provide that personal identification card applications of certain applicants who are either homeless or in the legal custody of the Division of Family and Children Services do not require signatures by the applicant's parent, guardian, or responsible adult; to amend Article 1 of Chapter 5 of Title 49 of the O.C.G.A., relating to children and youth services, so as to authorize the Department of Human Services to establish programs that will provide a child or youth entering foster care with a photograph; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cherokee County School District; full value exemption for senior and disabled residents; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing a homestead exemption from Cherokee County School District ad valorem taxes for educational purposes for the full value of the homestead for certain residents of that school district who have annual incomes not exceeding $16,000.00 and who are 62 years of age or over, approved March 10, 1988 (Ga. L. 1988, p. 3677), as amended, so as to provide for a full value exemption for senior and disabled residents; to provide for a residency requirement and grandfathering of certain residents; to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to provide for a referendum, effective dates, automatic repeal, mandatory execution of election, and judicial remedies regarding failure to comply; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia National Guard; adjutant general to be the official sponsor of the state sponsored life insurance program; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Part 4 of Article 3 of Chapter 2 of Title 38 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to rights, privileges, and prohibitions, so as to provide for the adjutant general to be the official sponsor of the state sponsored life insurance program for the Georgia National Guard; to provide a definition; to provide for duties for the adjutant general regarding the program; to provide for the National Guard Association of Georgia to select the insurer for the program; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: To amend Titles 20, 36, 43, and 50, related to libraries, education, governmental entities, professions and business; acceptance and use of funds from the American Library Association prohibit under certain circumstances. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 5 of Title 20 of the O.C.G.A., relating to libraries; to amend Chapter 80 of Title 36 of the O.C.G.A., relating to provisions applicable to counties, municipal corporations, and other governmental entities; to amend Title 43 of the O.C.G.A., relating to professions and businesses, so as to repeal Chapter 24, relating to librarians; to amend Part 1 of Article 3 of Chapter 5 of Title 50 of the O.C.G.A., relating to general authority, duties, and procedure of the Department of Administrative Services; to provide for an effective date; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Education; the possession of opioid antagonists in schools; authorize. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Part 3 of Article 16 of Chapter 2 of Title 20 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to student health in elementary and secondary education, so as to authorize the possession of opioid antagonists in schools; to define a term; to authorize schools to maintain a stock supply of opioid antagonists; to authorize trained school personnel to administer opioid antagonists and carry opioid antagonists on their person; to provide for immunity; to provide for activation of the emergency medical services system and notification of emergency contacts; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Coxe, Jacqueline Ramseur Jetton; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Jacqueline Ramseur Jetton Coxe; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: City of Locust Grove; corporate limits of such city; change. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to create a new Charter for the City of Locust Grove, Georgia, in the county of Henry, approved April 7, 1976 (Ga. L. 1976, p. 4426), as amended, to change the corporate limits of such city; to provide descriptions; to provide for a referendum, effective dates, automatic repeal, mandatory execution of election, and judicial remedies regarding failure to comply; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Joint Defense Commission; commission's operations; revise. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 5 of Chapter 4 of Title 20 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the Georgia Joint Defense Commission, so as to revise the commission's operations; to expand the commission's membership; to revise the term lengths of commission members; to revise definitions; to amend Chapter 7 of Title 50 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the Department of Economic Development, so as to authorize the Department of Economic Development to assist the Georgia Joint Defense Commission in certain activities; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Board of Regents of the University System of Georgia; to enter into and amend existing agreements with the State Board of the Technical College System of Georgia; encourage and state expectations. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 4 of Title 20 of the O.C.G.A., relating to vocational, technical, and adult education, so as to encourage and state expectations for the Board of Regents of the University System of Georgia, units of the University System of Georgia, and local boards of education to enter into and amend existing agreements with the State Board of the Technical College System of Georgia and units of the Technical College System of Georgia for awarding postsecondary course credits that are transferrable between the university system and the technical college system and between units thereof; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Senate Foster Care and Adoption Study Committee; implement recommendations. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 11 of Title 15 of the O.C.G.A., relating to the juvenile code, so as to implement the recommendations of the Senate Foster Care and Adoption Study Committee; to provide for annual reporting to the General Assembly of certain de-identified data from juvenile court clerks relating to foster children who are in need of services or delinquent; to remove the service of summons by publication requirement at the adjudication phase in dependency proceedings; to repeal Code Section 15-11-163, relating to interlocutory order of disposition when summons served by publication; to provide that the petition to terminate parental rights be immediately filed and docketed without delay when presented to the juvenile court clerk; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Instruction Permits; restrictions upon the operation of Class C motor vehicles by Class D license holders with certain passengers in the vehicle; revise. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 40-5-24 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to instruction permits, graduated licensing and related restrictions, and temporary licenses relative to the operation of a motor vehicle, so as to revise restrictions upon the operation of Class C motor vehicles by Class D license holders with certain passengers in the vehicle; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: "Completion Special Schools Act"; certain students to be enrolled in a completion special school; lower the age of eligibility. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 31C of Chapter 2 of Title 20 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, the "Completion Special Schools Act," so as to lower the age of eligibility from 18 to 16 for certain students to be enrolled in a completion special school; to revise definitions; to provide for reports of cohort graduation rates by local school system and by completion special school; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: First Responder Building Mapping Information System; grant program to fund the creation of school mapping data; establish. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 10 of Chapter 3 of Title 38 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to state-wide first responder building mapping information system, so as to establish a grant program to fund the creation of school mapping data for inclusion in the state-wide first responder building mapping information system; to provide for standards for school mapping data; to provide for a definition; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Law Enforcement Officers and Agencies; documenting of certain information in incidents of family violence; require. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 1 of Title 35 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to general provisions regarding law enforcement officers and agencies, so as to require the documenting of certain information in incidents of family violence; to provide a short title; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Licensing of Veterinarians; certain sterilization services performed by out-of-state veterinarians from licensing requirements; exempt. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Part 2 of Article 3 of Chapter 50 of Title 43 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to licensing of veterinarians and veterinary technicians generally, so as to exempt certain sterilization services performed by out-of-state veterinarians from licensing requirements; to provide for temporary licenses for out-of-state veterinarians; to provide for exceptions; to provide for definitions; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Professions and Businesses; administrative and civil sanctions against charitable organizations, paid solicitors, and solicitor agents for certain violations; change provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 43 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to professions and businesses, so as to change certain provisions relating to administrative and civil sanctions against charitable organizations, paid solicitors, and solicitor agents for certain violations; to provide for suspension and revocation of registrations; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: "Personal Privacy Protection Act"; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 18 of Title 50 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to state printing and documents, so as to prohibit the collecting of certain personal information; to prohibit the release of certain personal information; to create exceptions; to exclude certain information from state open records laws; to create the crime of improper collection or disclosure of personal information; to provide a short title; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Reporting of Accidents; timing and documentation of such reports; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 8-2-106 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to reporting of accidents relative to elevators, dumbwaiters, escalators, manlifts, and moving walks and removal from service of such equipment involved in accident; to amend Article 2 of Chapter 10 of Title 16 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to obstruction of public administration and related offenses; to amend Title 25 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to fire protection and safety; to provide for definitions; to amend Chapter 22 of Title 45 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to public employee hazardous chemical protection and right to know; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Agriculture; acquisition of possessory interest in certain land by certain foreign persons and entities; prohibit. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 1 of Title 2 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to general provisions relative to agriculture, so as to prohibit the acquisition of possessory interest in certain land by certain foreign persons and entities; to provide for definitions; to provide for exceptions; to provide for civil actions; to provide for rules and regulations; to provide for disclosures; to provide for penalties; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Obstruction of Public Administration; offense of transmitting a false public alarm; enhance penalties. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 2 of Chapter 10 of Title 16 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to obstruction of public administration and related offenses, so as to enhance penalties for the offense of transmitting a false public alarm; to revise restitution provisions for such offense; to provide for and revise definitions; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Public Utilities and Public Transportation; percentage limitation as to the amount of the investments an electric membership corporation may make; modify. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 46 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to public utilities and public transportation, so as to modify the percentage limitation as to the amount of the investments an electric membership corporation may make and maintain in a gas affiliate; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Inspiredu; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Inspiredu; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: West Georgia Judicial Circuit; create. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to create a new judicial circuit for the State of Georgia to be known as the West Georgia Judicial Circuit and to be composed of Carroll County and Heard County; to amend Article 1 of Chapter 6 of Title 15 of the O.C.G.A., relating to general provisions regarding superior courts, so as to revise the composition, terms of court, and number of judges of the Coweta Judicial Circuit; to provide for the composition, terms of court, and number of judges of the West Georgia Judicial Circuit; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Notaries Public; modernization of certain legal, notarial, and court services using electronic means; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 3 of Chapter 19 of Title 15 and Article 1 of Chapter 17 of Title 45 of the O.C.G.A., relating to the regulation of the practice of law and general provisions regarding notaries public, respectively, so as to provide for the modernization of certain legal, notarial, and court services using electronic means; to provide for criminal penalties and civil liability, including compensatory and other damages; to provide for class action lawsuits; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Motor Vehicles and Traffic; requirements for joining of a motor carrier and motor carrier's insurer to a cause of action; revise. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 40 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to motor vehicles and traffic, so as to revise requirements for joining of a motor carrier and motor carrier's insurer to a cause of action; to provide for subrogation for unpaid final judgments relative to causes of action involving motor carriers; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date and for applicability; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Commerce and Trade; disclosure requirements for advertisements for legal services and for drugs; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Titles 10 and 26 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to commerce and trade and food, drugs, and cosmetics, respectively, so as to provide for disclosure requirements for advertisements for legal services and for drugs; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: "Small Business Protection Act of 2024"; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Titles 28, 31, and 50 of the O.C.G.A., relating to the General Assembly, health, and state government, respectively, so as to provide for procedures and processes concerning the enactment of legislation and the adoption of rules and regulations; to provide definitions; to provide for the preparation and submission of small business impact analyses for bills introduced during sessions of the General Assembly; to provide for related matters; to provide a short title; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: COVID-19 Pandemic Business Safety; provisions for rebuttable presumptions of risk by claimants in certain COVID-19 liability claims; revise. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 16 of Title 51 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to COVID-19 pandemic business safety, so as to revise provisions for rebuttable presumptions of risk by claimants in certain COVID-19 liability claims by repealing certain warning requirements; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: "Combating Organized Retail Crime Act"; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 36 of Chapter 1 of Title 10 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to online marketplace requirements, so as to revise certain definitions; to provide for related matters; to provide for a short title; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Nonprofit Corporations; enact "Donor Intent Protection Act"; provide definitions; charitable organizations from violating the terms of charitable contributions; prohibit. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 1 of Chapter 3 of Title 14 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to general provisions for nonprofit corporations, so as to enact the "Donor Intent Protection Act"; to provide for a short title; to provide for definitions; to prohibit charitable organizations from violating the terms of charitable contributions made with donor imposed restrictions, subject to exceptions; to provide for a cause of action; to provide for a limitations period; to provide for venue; to provide for remedies; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date and applicability; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Glascock County; board of elections and registration; create. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to create a board of elections and registration for Glascock County; to provide for its powers and duties; to provide for definitions; to provide for the composition of the board and the selection, qualifications, terms, and removal of members; to provide for a supervisor of elections; to provide for vacancies; to provide for certification; to provide for oaths and privileges; to provide for the conduct of primaries and elections; to authorize the conduct of municipal elections; to allow for joint primaries; to provide for meetings; to authorize expenditure of public funds; to provide compensation for board members and staff; to provide for offices, supplies, and other materials; to provide for the transfer of powers, duties, facilities, and personal property; to provide for related matters; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Farm Use Vehicles; define a term. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Part 1B of Article 13 of Chapter 6 of Title 40 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to operation of farm use vehicles, so as to define a term; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Department of Agriculture; enforce certain criminal laws; authorize. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 2 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to agriculture, so as to authorize the Department of Agriculture to enforce certain criminal laws; to regulate consumable hemp products; to provide for definitions; to provide for the promulgation of rules and regulations; to amend Chapter 12 of Title 16 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to offenses against public health and morals, so as to prohibit the sale of consumable hemp products to individuals under the age of 21 years; to require the posting of certain signs concerning the legal age to purchase consumable hemp products; to provide penalties for violations; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: City of Atlanta; independent school district ad valorem taxes for educational purposes; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide a homestead exemption from City of Atlanta independent school district ad valorem taxes for educational purposes in the amount of $100,000.00 of the assessed value of the homestead for residents of that city who are 65 years of age or older and whose income does not exceed $100,000.00; to provide for definitions; to specify the terms and conditions of the exemption and the procedures relating thereto; to provide for applicability; to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to provide for a referendum, effective dates, automatic repeal, mandatory execution of election, and judicial remedies regarding failure to comply; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: 'Accelerated Career Diploma Program'; ACE Grants pilot program; establish and provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 6 of Chapter 2 of Title 20 of the O.C.G.A., relating to the "Quality Basic Education Act," so as to provide for the Accelerated Career Diploma Program; to provide a short title; to establish and provide for the ACE Grants pilot program; to make conforming changes; to extend an automatic repeal; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Courts; property, and wills, trusts, and administration of estates; neither superior court nor a state court shall have appellate jurisdiction pursuant to Chapter 3 of Title 5; clarify. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Titles 5, 15, 44, and 53 of the O.C.G.A., relating to appeal and error, courts, property, and wills, trusts, and administration of estates, respectively, so as to clarify that neither superior court nor a state court shall have appellate jurisdiction pursuant to Chapter 3 of Title 5 over any nonappealable order of a probate court subject to such chapter; to provide for de novo proceeding with the right to a jury trial of certain probate court final judgments; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Abatement of Nuisances; inclusion of claims against promoters and organizers for costs incurred by local governments due to unpermitted events: provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 2 of Title 41 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to abatement of nuisances generally, so as to provide for inclusion of claims against promoters and organizers for costs incurred by local governments due to unpermitted events in complaints filed on behalf of the public; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Official Code of Georgia Annotated; revise, modernize, correct errors or omissions in, and reenact the statutory portion of said Code, as amended, in furtherance of the work of the Code Revision Commission. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, so as to revise, modernize, correct errors or omissions in, and reenact the statutory portion of said Code, as amended, in furtherance of the work of the Code Revision Commission; to repeal portions of said Code, or Acts in amendment thereof, which have become obsolete, have been declared to be unconstitutional, or have been preempted or superseded by subsequent laws; to codify principles of law derived from decisions of the state Supreme Court; to provide for other matters relating to revision, reenactment, and publication of said Code; to provide for effect in event of conflicts; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Certified Nursing Aid; certain military medical personnel from an examination requirement; exempt. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 31-7-12.8 of the O.C.G.A., relating to certification as nursing aid and employer sponsored training and competency examination program,to amend Article 3 of Chapter 11 of Title 31 of the O.C.G.A., relating to personnel regarding emergency medical services; to amend Article 2 of Chapter 26 of Title 43 of the O.C.G.A., relating to licensed practical nurses; to provide for a definition; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: The Links, Incorporated; Georgia Links Day at the Capitol; February 6, 2023; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending The Links, Incorporated and recognizing February 6, 2023, as the Georgia Links Day At The Capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Veteran Benefits; place certain requirement on the Department of Veterans Service. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 2 of Chapter 4 of Title 38 of the O.C.G.A., relating to veteran benefits, so as to place certain requirement on the Department of Veterans Service; to amend Title 7 of the O.C.G.A., relating to banking and finance, so as to create a voluntary loan program at certain financial institutions to assist veterans; to amend Article 2 of Chapter 7 of Title 48, relating to reimbursement relating to imposition, rate, and computation, and exemptions from income taxes; to provide for definitions; to provide for reporting; to provide for an effective date and applicability; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Juvenile Court of Gordon County; transfer probation and intake services to the Georgia Department of Juvenile Justice. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to transfer probation and intake services of the Juvenile Court of Gordon County to the Georgia Department of Juvenile Justice pursuant to Code Section 15-11-69 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Alimony and Child Support; guidelines for child support award calculations; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 6 of Title 19 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to alimony and child support, so as to provide for guidelines for child support award calculations; to provide definitions; to provide for related matters; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Medical Assistance; provisions to comply with federal law; revise. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 49-4-148 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to recovery of medical assistance from third party liable for sickness, injury, disease, or disability, so as to revise certain provisions to comply with federal law; to bar liable third-party payers from refusing payment solely because a health care item or service did not receive prior authorization; to require a third-party payer to respond to a state inquiry regarding a health care claim within 90 days; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Central Caregiver Registry; disabled persons to the registry; add. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 14A of Chapter 7 of Title 31 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the central caregiver registry, so as to add disabled persons to the registry; to provide for related matters; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Public Utilities and Public Transportation; a consumer utility counsel to represent consumers in matters before the Public Service Commission or other agencies; reestablish. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 46 of the O.C.G.A., relating to public utilities and public transportation, so as to reestablish a consumer utility counsel to represent consumers in matters before the Public Service Commission or other agencies concerning public utilities; to provide for statutory construction; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Advanced Practice Registered Nurses and Physician Assistants; number that a physician can authorize and supervise at any one time; prov.; revise. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 34 of Title 43 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to physicians, acupuncture, physician assistants, cancer and glaucoma treatment, respiratory care, clinical perfusionists, and orthotics and prosthetics practice, so as to revise provisions relating to the number of advanced practice registered nurses and physician assistants that a physician can authorize and supervise at any one time; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: School Supplies for Teachers Program; establish. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 17 of Chapter 2 of Title 20 of the O.C.G.A., relating to teachers and other school personnel, so as to establish the School Supplies for Teachers Program, subject to appropriation by the General Assembly and the availability of other funds for such purpose; to provide for a short title; to provide for definitions; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Homicide; the felony offense of aggravated involuntary manslaughter; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 1 of Chapter 5 of Title 16 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to homicide, so as to provide for the felony offense of aggravated involuntary manslaughter; to provide for definitions; to provide for elements of the offense; to provide for penalties; to prohibit the sentencing court from suspending, probating, deferring, or withholding any portion of the mandatory minimum term of imprisonment; to prohibit merger; to provide for an exception; to provide for burden of proof; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date and applicability; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Baldwin County; board of elections and registration; create. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to create a board of elections and registration for Baldwin County; to provide for its powers and duties; to provide for definitions; to provide for the composition of the board and the selection, qualifications, terms, and removal of members; to provide for vacancies; to provide for oaths and privileges; to provide for the conduct of primaries and elections; to provide for meetings; to provide duties of the chairperson; to allow for joint primaries; to authorize the conduct of municipal elections; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Baldwin County; staggered terms for the board of commissioners; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating a board of commissioners of Baldwin County, approved December 26, 1888 (Ga. L. 1888, p. 286), as amended, particularly by an Act approved February 26, 1992 (Ga. L. 1992, p. 4786), so as to provide for staggered terms for the board of commissioners; to provide for initial terms; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: "College Success 529 Expansion Act"; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 11 of Chapter 3 of Title 20 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the Georgia Higher Education Savings Plan, so as to increase the maximum amount of contributions allowed per beneficiary of savings trust accounts for higher education expenses; to provide for a short title; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Davenport, Lawrence "Franklin"; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Lawrence "Franklin" Davenport; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Secondary Metals Recyclers; applicability of the definition of the term "used, detached catalytic converters" to said article; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 14 of Chapter 1 of Title 10 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to secondary metals recyclers, so as to provide for applicability of the definition of the term "used, detached catalytic converters" to said article; to remove the exception for used, detached catalytic converters from the application of said article; to provide for certain registration requirements for secondary metals recyclers; to provide for the use of certain registration fees; to provide for records and reporting; to make conforming changes; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date and applicability; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Board of Health Care Workforce; student loan repayment for mental health and substance use professionals serving in certain capacities; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 10 of Title 49 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the Georgia Board of Health Care Workforce, so as to provide for student loan repayment for mental health and substance use professionals serving in certain capacities; to provide for definitions; to authorize the board to approve applications; to provide for eligibility requirements; to provide for loan repayment agreements and conditions; to provide for rules and regulations; to provide for appropriations contingency; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Sumter County; board of education and school superintendent; compensation of said board; revise. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to revise and restate the law relating to the Sumter County board of education and school superintendent, approved February 26, 2014 (Ga. L. 2014, p. 3503), as amended, so as to revise the compensation of said board; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Kitchens, Allison; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Allison Kitchens; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Minors; enter into the Interstate Compact for the Placement of Children; definitions; provisions; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 39 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to minors, so as to enter into the Interstate Compact for the Placement of Children; to provide for a short title; to provide for definitions; to provide for the provisions of the compact; to provide for the present compact to remain in effect until the effective date of the new compact and to provide for automatic repeal; to amend the Official Code of Georgia Annotated so as to provide for conforming changes; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date and contingent effectiveness; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Motor Vehicles and Traffic; felony offense of fleeing or attempting to elude a police officer; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 40 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to motor vehicles and traffic, so as to provide for the felony offense of fleeing or attempting to elude a police officer; to provide for penalties; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date and applicability; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Sexual Offender Risk Review Board; additional penalties for registered sexual offenders; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 2 of Chapter 1 of Title 42 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the sexual offender risk review board, so as to provide for additional penalties for registered sexual offenders convicted of photographing a minor without the consent of the minor's parent or guardian; to provide that such persons are prohibited from possessing, owning, or operating an unmanned aircraft system with the intent to photograph, observe, follow, or contact any person without his or her consent; to provide for criminal penalties; to provide for definitions; to provide for an effective date; to provide for applicability; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: 'Georgia Hemp Farming Act'; hemp products; regulate. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 23 of Title 2 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the 'Georgia Hemp Farming Act,' so as to regulate hemp products; to provide for definitions; to prohibit persons from performing certain activities without licenses; to provide for penalties; to revise disqualifications for a hemp grower license; to revise disqualifications for a hemp processor permit; to revise the annual fee for such a permit; to provide for the issuance of retail consumable hemp establishment licenses; to provide for the issuance of wholesale consumable hemp licenses; to provide for the issuance of manufacturer licenses; to provide for the registration of laboratories; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Low THC Oil Patient Registry; term of validity of a registration card; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 31-2A-18 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the Low THC Oil Patient Registry, so as to provide for the term of validity of a registration card; to provide for delivery of registration cards; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ad Valorem Taxation of Property; extension of preferential assessment periods for certain historic properties; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 1 of Chapter 5 of Title 48 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to general provisions relative to ad valorem taxation of property, so as to provide for extension of preferential assessment periods for certain historic properties; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Education; High-demand Career Initiatives Program as the High Demand Apprenticeship Program; redesignate. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 4 of Title 20 of the O.C.G.A., relating to vocational, technical, and adult education, so as to redesignate the High-demand Career Initiatives Program as the High Demand Apprenticeship Program; to provide for definitions; to provide for rules and regulations; to provide for a repealer; to amend Code Section 20-2-161.4 of the O.C.G.A., relating to accessing HOPE scholarship funds for dual enrolled students and termination, so as to make a conforming change; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Weinick, Samantha; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Samantha Weinick; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Department of Administrative Services; state agencies from contracting for advertising or marketing services with certain companies or from supporting certain companies; prohibit. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Part 1 of Article 3 of Chapter 5 of Title 50 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to general authority, duties, and procedure of the Department of Administrative Services, so as to prohibit state agencies from contracting for advertising or marketing services with certain companies or from supporting certain companies; to provide for definitions; to provide for certifications; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Residential and General Contractors; the general contractor license as a commercial general contractor license; rename. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 43 of the O.C.G.A., relating to professions and businesses, so as to amend Chapter 41, relating to residential and general contractors; to rename the general contractor license as a commercial general contractor license and to make conforming amendments throughout; to change certain provisions relating to the membership, qualifications, terms, and meetings of the State Licensing Board for Residential and General Contractors; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Warren County; board of elections and registration; create. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to create a board of elections and registration for Warren County; to provide for its powers and duties; to provide for definitions; to provide for related matters; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hospitals and Related Institutions; required publication by hospital of certain financial documents on its website; provisions; revise. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 1 of Chapter 7 of Title 31 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to regulation of hospitals and related institutions, so as to revise provisions relating to required publication by hospital of certain financial documents on its website; to provide for uniform reporting requirements; to require hospitals to annually provide the Uniform Resource Locator for the webpage containing the financial documents; to provide for increased penalties for noncompliance; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Special License Plates; "America First" specialty license plate; establish. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 40-2-86.1 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to special license plates promoting or supporting certain worthy agencies, funds, or nonprofit corporations and qualified motor vehicles or drivers with proceeds deposited into the general fund, so as to establish an "America First" specialty license plate; to provide for conditions for the production of such license plates; to provide for discontinuing the manufacture of such license plates in certain instances; to provide for the disposition of funds to the general fund; to provide for related matters; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Administrative Office of the Courts; accessibility of certain personal information of state and federal judges, justices, and spouses thereof; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 15 of the O.C.G.A., relating to courts, so as to provide for duties of the Administrative Office of the Courts relative to accessibility of certain personal information of state and federal judges, justices, and spouses thereof; to amend Code Section 36-32-40 of the O.C.GA., relating to creation of Council of Municipal Court Judges, membership and organization, purpose, expenses, contracts, assistance to council, and members not ineligible to hold office of judge, so as to require submission of certain information to the Council of Magistrate Court Judges; to provide for and revise definitions; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Victims of Human Trafficking Fund and the Victims of Human Trafficking Fund Commission; create. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 21 of Title 15 of the O.C.G.A., relating to payment and disposition of fines and forfeitures, so as to create the Victims of Human Trafficking Fund and the Victims of Human Trafficking Fund Commission; to amend Code Section 16-6-13.3 of the O.C.G.A., relating to civil forfeiture of proceeds and property, so as to provide for the forfeiture of proceeds or money which is used, intended for use, used in any manner to facilitate, or derived from the criminal offense of trafficking of persons for labor or sexual servitude; to provide for related matters; to provide for a contingent effective date and automatic repeal; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Emergency Medical Services; two-year pilot program to provide additional ambulances to certain areas of this state; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 11 of Title 31 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to general provisions regarding emergency medical services, so as to provide for a two-year pilot program to provide additional ambulances to certain areas of this state; to provide for definitions; to provide for eligibility; to provide for acquisition of the ambulances; to provide for termination of the pilot program and automatic repeal of the statute; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Criminal Prosecutions; immunity from certain criminal prosecutions against law enforcement officers whose threat or use of force is justified or otherwise lawful; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 2 of Chapter 3 of Title 16 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to justification and excuse under defenses to criminal prosecutions, so as to provide for immunity from certain criminal prosecutions against law enforcement officers whose threat or use of force is justified or otherwise lawful; to amend Article 1 of Chapter 11 of Title 51 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to general provisions regarding defenses to tort actions, so as to provide for immunity from civil liability against law enforcement officers whose threat or use of force is justified or otherwise lawful; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date and applicability; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Domestic Relations; provisions relating to income withholding orders; change and clarify. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 19 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to domestic relations, so as to change and clarify provisions relating to income withholding orders; to provide for definitions; to align state law terminology with that of federal law by replacing the term "income deduction order" with "income withholding order"; to provide for conforming changes; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: County Board of Education of DeKalb County; compensation of the members of the board of education; change. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to create and establish in DeKalb County, Georgia, districts from which the members of the County Board of Education of DeKalb County shall be elected, approved April 12, 1963 (Ga. L. 1963, p. 3424), as amended, particularly by an Act approved May 29, 2007 (Ga. L. 2007, p. 4094), so as to change the compensation of the members of the board of education; to provide for related matters; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Proceedings; jail-based competency restoration programs; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 17-7-130 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to proceedings upon plea of mental incompetency to stand trial, so as to provide for jail-based competency restoration programs; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: "Fair Business Practices Act of 1975"; failure of a marketplace innkeeper to provide a consumer with an itemized receipt detailing certain taxes and fees is an unlawful business practice; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Part 2 of Article 15 of Chapter 1 of Title 10 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, the "Fair Business Practices Act of 1975," so as provide that the failure of a marketplace innkeeper to provide a consumer with an itemized receipt detailing certain taxes and fees is an unlawful business practice; to provide for a definition; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Water Rights; the public trust doctrine; remove references. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 8 of Title 44 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to water rights, so as to remove references to the public trust doctrine; to provide legislative findings relative to the public's right to use navigable streams; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Bingo; certain provisions relating to bingo games operated by nonprofit, tax-exempt organizations; change. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Part 2 of Article 2 of Chapter 12 of Title 16 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to bingo, so as to change certain provisions relating to bingo games operated by nonprofit, tax-exempt organizations; to remove certain limitations regarding premises on which such bingo games may be held; to change certain provisions relating to the prizes and proceeds of such bingo games; to provide for related matters; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Motor Carriers and Commercial Motor Vehicles; the reference date to federal regulations regarding the safe operation; update. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 40-1-8 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to safe operations of motor carriers, commercial motor vehicles, and drivers and safe transportation of hazardous materials, so as to update the reference date to federal regulations regarding the safe operation of motor carriers and commercial motor vehicles; to revise a definition; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Faulkner, Martin; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Martin Faulkner; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: City of Doraville; corporate limits; change. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating a new charter for the City of Doraville, approved October 13, 1971 (Ga. L. 1971, Ex. Sess., p. 2154), as amended, so as to change the corporate limits of such city; to provide descriptions; to provide for a referendum, effective dates, automatic repeal, mandatory execution of election, and judicial remedies regarding failure to comply; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: City of Doraville; corporate limits; change. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating a new charter for the City of Doraville, approved October 13, 1971 (Ga. L. 1971, Ex. Sess., p. 2154), as amended, so as to change the corporate limits of such city; to provide descriptions; to provide for a referendum, effective dates, automatic repeal, mandatory execution of election, and judicial remedies regarding failure to comply; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: City of Pine Lake; restate the city's charter. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to provide a new charter for the City of Pine Lake, approved April 4, 1991 (Ga. L. 1991, p. 3935), as amended, so as to restate the city's charter; to change the corporate limits of such city; to transfer powers from the mayor to the city manager and vest additional powers in the city manager; to provide for the mayor to vote in case of a tie; to provide for appointment and removal of department directors; to provide for elections; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Magistrate Court of Lee County; technology fee; identify the authorized uses. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to authorize the assessment and collection of a technology fee by the Magistrate Court of Lee County; to identify the authorized uses of such technology fee; to provide for the termination of such technology fee and dedication of residual funds to technology uses; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Centennial of Scouts BSA Troop 1; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the Centennial of Scouts BSA Troop 1; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: City of Sandersville; powers of the mayor; revise. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing for a new charter for the City of Sandersville, approved March 28, 1990 (Ga. L. 1990, p. 4823), as amended, particularly by an Act approved May 6, 2015 (Ga. L. 2015, p. 3733), so as to revise the powers of the mayor; to restate provisions related to the mayor pro tempore; to provide for a council-manager form of government; to provide for the selection, qualifications, and duties of the city manager; to update and restate provisions related to the administration of the city government; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Probate Court of Morgan County; assessment and collection of a technology fee; authorize. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to authorize the assessment and collection of a technology fee by the Probate Court of Morgan County; to identify the authorized uses of such technology fee; to provide for the termination of such technology fee and dedication of residual funds to technology uses; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Magistrate Court of Morgan County; the assessment and collection of a technology fee; authorize. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to authorize the assessment and collection of a technology fee by the Magistrate Court of Morgan County; to identify the authorized uses of such technology fee; to provide for the termination of such technology fee and dedication of residual funds to technology uses; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Alcovy Judicial Circuit; counties that make up said judicial circuit to provide additional investigators to the district attorney; authorize. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating a new judicial circuit for the State of Georgia to be known as the Alcovy Judicial Circuit, approved March 9, 1972 (Ga. L. 1972, p. 152), as amended, particularly by an Act approved March 30, 1977 (Ga. L. 1977, p. 1217), so as to authorize the counties that make up said judicial circuit to provide additional investigators to the district attorney; to provide for appointment and qualifications of such investigators; to provide for the powers of such investigators; to provide that such investigators shall serve at the pleasure of the district attorney; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Milledgeville Public Facilities Authority; create. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to create the Milledgeville Public Facilities Authority; to provide for a short title; to provide for definitions; to provide for purpose; to provide for severability; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: State Court of DeKalb County; landlords to remove personal property following execution of writs of possession within seven days; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating the State Court of DeKalb County, formerly known as the Civil and Criminal Court of DeKalb County, approved February 14, 1951 (Ga. L. 1951, p. 2401), as amended, particularly by an Act approved April 11, 2012 (Ga. L. 2012, p. 5059), so as to provide for landlords to remove personal property following execution of writs of possession within seven days of such execution; to authorize the marshal to remove such property after 14 days; to authorize the marshal to appoint ex-officio assistants to the marshal; to provide for the collection of costs associated with such removal; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: City of Cordele; transition the office of chairperson to at large commission member; mayor to be selected by and among the commission members; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating a new charter for the City of Cordele, approved July 29, 2020 (Ga. L. 2020, p. 4122), so as to transition the office of chairperson to at large commission member; to provide for a mayor to be selected by and among the commission members; to redesignate the office of vice chairperson to mayor pro tempore; to revise voting and quorum provisions related to the commission; to make conforming changes; to provide that the city manager shall recommend the annual budget to the commission in place of the chairperson; to provide for related matters; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: City of Madison; mayor's vote when the city council is electing a mayor pro tempore; revise provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing a new charter for the City of Madison, approved October 6, 1891 (Ga. L. 1890-91, Vol. II, p. 827), as amended, particularly by an Act approved May 4, 2006 (Ga. L. 2006, p. 4137), so as to revise provisions related to the mayor's vote when the city council is electing a mayor pro tempore; to revise provisions related to the compensation of the mayor, mayor pro tempore, and councilmembers; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: City of Stockbridge; new homestead exemptions; ad valorem taxes for municipal purposes for residents, certain seniors, and residents with septic systems; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide for new homestead exemptions from City of Stockbridge ad valorem taxes for municipal purposes for residents, certain seniors, and residents with septic systems; to provide for definitions; to specify the terms and conditions of the exemptions and the procedures relating thereto; to provide for related matters; to provide for applicability; to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to provide for a referendum, effective dates, automatic repeal, mandatory execution of election, and judicial remedies regarding failure to comply; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: House of Representatives convened; notify Senate. Description: A RESOLUTION to notify the Senate that the House of Representatives has convened; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Joint session; inauguration of Governor and Constitutional Officers. Description: A RESOLUTION calling a joint session of the House of Representatives and Senate for the purpose of the inauguration of the Governor, the Lieutenant Governor, and other executive Constitutional Officers of the State of Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: House of Representatives; relative to officials, employees, and committees. Description: A RESOLUTION relative to officials, employees, and committees in the House of Representatives; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: House of Representatives; adopt Rules. Description: A RESOLUTION adopting the Rules of the House of Representatives; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Camardelle, Dr. Alex; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dr. Alex Camardelle; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: National Guard Day at the state capitol; January 26, 2023; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing January 26, 2023, as National Guard Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ralston, Honorable David; 73rd Speaker of the House of Representatives of this great state; honor and condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring and remembering the life of the Honorable David Ralston, 73rd Speaker of the House of Representatives of this great state; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Capitan, William Henry; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of William Henry Capitan; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Minor, Peggy Burton; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Peggy Burton Minor; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Wasilewsky, Aubrey Leigh Garber; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Aubrey Leigh Garber Wasilewsky; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Gibson, Jaden; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Jaden Gibson; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ross-Wilson, Brenda; M.E. Stilwell School of the Arts' 2023 Principal of the Year; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Brenda Ross-Wilson, the M.E. Stilwell School of the Arts' 2023 Principal of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Parkman, Dawn; Jonesboro Middle School's 2023 Teacher of the Year; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Dawn Parkman, Jonesboro Middle School's 2023 Teacher of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jones-Shields, Ronald T., II; Clayton County Public Schools' 2023 Support Professional of the Year, Classified; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Ronald T. Jones-Shields II, Clayton County Public Schools' 2023 Support Professional of the Year, Classified; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Vaquer, Mary-Elizabeth; South Effingham High School's 2022-2023 Teacher of the Year; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Mary-Elizabeth Vaquer, South Effingham High School's 2022-2023 Teacher of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jett, Dr. LaKeacha; Clayton County Public Schools' 2023 Support Professional of the Year, Certified; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Dr. LaKeacha Jett, Clayton County Public Schools' 2023 Support Professional of the Year, Certified; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Greenwood, Janetta; Clayton County Public Schools' 2023 Support Leader of the Year, Certified; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Janetta Greenwood, Clayton County Public Schools' 2023 Support Leader of the Year, Certified; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Sykes, Andy; Clayton County Public Schools' 2023 Support Leader of the Year, Certified; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Andy Sykes, Clayton County Public Schools' 2023 Support Leader of the Year, Classified; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Burson, Buffie; 600th career victory; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Buffie Burson on her 600th career victory; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Mason, Deborah "Debbie" Lee; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Deborah "Debbie" Lee Mason; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Pahl, Shirley; outstanding public service; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Shirley Pahl on her outstanding public service; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Forest City Juniors of the Forest City Gun Club; 2022 Scholastic Clay Target Program National Champions; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Forest City Juniors of the Forest City Gun Club for winning the 2022 Scholastic Clay Target Program National Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Benedictine Military School Cadets football team; winning the 2022 Georgia High School Association Class AAAA State Championship; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Benedictine Military School Cadets football team for winning the 2022 Georgia High School Association Class AAAA State Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hemophilia of Georgia; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Hemophilia of Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Thirteenth Colony Distilleries; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Thirteenth Colony Distilleries; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jenkins, Jay Wayne; unique and successful career; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Jay Wayne Jenkins on his unique and successful career; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Youth Science & Technology Centers (GYSTC); 2023 Don Cargill STEM Scholars for their innovative and integrated teaching of science, technology, engineering, and mathematics in kindergarten through eighth grade classrooms; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Georgia Youth Science & Technology Centers (GYSTC) as well as the 2023 Don Cargill STEM Scholars for their innovative and integrated teaching of science, technology, engineering, and mathematics in kindergarten through eighth grade classrooms; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Penner, Lane Isaac Menno; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Lane Isaac Menno Penner; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lunar New Year Celebration; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the Lunar New Year Celebration; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Harris, Michael, II; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Michael Harris II; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lake Spivey Chapter of Jack and Jill of America, Inc.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Lake Spivey Chapter of Jack and Jill of America Inc.; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Consulate-General of Japan in Atlanta; 49th anniversary; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the 49th anniversary of the Consulate-General of Japan in Atlanta; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Flemming, Charlie; outstanding service; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Charlie Flemming on his outstanding service; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Imani Bell Memorial Day; March 28, 2023; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 28, 2023, as Imani Bell Memorial Day; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Henry County Chamber of Commerce; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Henry County Chamber of Commerce; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Stinchcomb, Mr. Mario; compensate. Description: A RESOLUTION compensating Mr. Mario Stinchcomb; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Woolfolk, Mr. Michael; compensate. Description: A RESOLUTION compensating Mr. Michael Woolfolk; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Wilcher, Susie D.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Susie D. Wilcher; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: University of Georgia Bulldogs; winning the 2023 College Football National Championship; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the University of Georgia Bulldogs for winning the 2023 College Football Playoff National Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Family and Consumer Sciences; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Family and Consumer Sciences; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Keith, Dr. Lois; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dr. Lois Keith; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Economic Developers Association; efforts to improve the economic development climate of the State of Georgia; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Georgia Economic Developers Association on their efforts to improve the economic development climate of the State of Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Talley, Mr. Terry L.; compensate. Description: A RESOLUTION compensating Mr. Terry L. Talley; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Inman, Mr. Devonia; compensate. Description: A RESOLUTION compensating Mr. Devonia Inman; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hampton, Grace; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Grace Hampton; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Daniels, Caroline; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Caroline Daniels; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Sharma, Ambuja; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Ambuja Sharma; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Awasthi, Shweta; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Shweta Awasthi; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Suram, Anvitha; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Anvitha Suram; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Vardhineedi, Parinita; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Parinita Vardhineedi; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Murphy, Judge Harold Loyd; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Judge Harold Loyd Murphy; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Metze, Walter Marvin; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Walter Marvin Metze; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Powell, Reverend Eric Linwood; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Reverend Eric Linwood Powell; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Graziano, Louis; incredible bravery and dedication to this country for his efforts in World War II; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Louis Graziano on his incredible bravery and his dedication to this country for his efforts in World War II; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Roberts, Zepora; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Zepora Roberts; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bicentennial Celebration in Swainsboro, Georgia; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Bicentennial Celebration in Swainsboro, Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Museum of Art; grand occasion of its 75th anniversary; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Georgia Museum of Art on the grand occasion of its 75th anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: George Walton & James Oglethorpe Chapters of the Daughters of the American Revolution's 2022-2023 Good Citizens; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the George Walton & James Oglethorpe Chapters of the Daughters of the American Revolution's 2022-2023 Good Citizens; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Vietnamese-American Community of Georgia; Vietnamese-American Community Day at the state capitol; March 15, 2023; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Vietnamese-American Community of Georgia and recognizing March 15, 2023, as Vietnamese-American Community Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Youth Villages; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Youth Villages; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Together Georgia; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Together Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ad valorem tax; rate reduction for sale or harvest of timber; provide - CA. Description: A RESOLUTION proposing an amendment to the Constitution so as to provide for a reduction in the rate of the ad valorem tax assessment of timber at sale or harvest; to require state appropriations to each county, municipality, or school district affected by such reduced rate of taxation; to provide for related matters; to provide for the submission of this amendment for ratification or rejection; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Riner, Officer Scott; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Officer Scott Riner; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bateman, Rashod; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Rashod Bateman; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dyslexia Day at the state capitol; February 21, 2023; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 21, 2023, as Dyslexia Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Addiction Recovery Awareness Day; January 24, 2023; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing January 24, 2023, as Addiction Recovery Awareness Day; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Skin Cancer Awareness Day at the state capitol; February 7, 2023; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 7, 2023, as Skin Cancer Awareness Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Congenital Heart Defect Awareness Week; February 7 to 14, 2023; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 7 to 14, 2023, as Congenital Heart Defect Awareness Week at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: American Heart Month in Macon-Bibb County; February 2023; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 2023 as American Heart Month in Macon-Bibb County; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jackson, Netting; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Netting Jackson; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: American Heart Month; February 2023; rise of cardiovascular disease as the world's leading cause of preventable death and disability and as the global public health crisis of our generation; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the rise of cardiovascular disease as the world's leading cause of preventable death and disability and as the global public health crisis of our generation and supporting the recognition of February 2023 as American Heart Month; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Law Enforcement Appreciation Day at the Capitol; February 8, 2023; commending law enforcement officers in Georgia; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 8, 2023, as Law Enforcement Appreciation Day at the Capitol and commending law enforcement officers in Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia World Organization of China Painters Day; May 18, 2023; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing May 18, 2023, as the Georgia World Organization of China Painters Day; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Firefighters Recognition Day at the state capitol; February 7, 2023; honoring and commending the firefighters of Georgia; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring and commending the firefighters of Georgia and recognizing February 7, 2023, as Firefighters Recognition Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Faust, Maurice; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Maurice Faust upon his retirement; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: LaGrange College Panthers; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending the LaGrange College Panthers; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: King, Gayle; efforts in caring for a loved one with disabilities; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating Gayle King for her efforts in caring for a loved one with disabilities; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ms. Venya Gunjal and Mrs. Melanie Biersmith; University of Georgia 4-H Program; 2022-2023 Leadership Teams; 4-H Day at the state capitol; February 8, 2023; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the University of Georgia 4-H Program and Ms. Venya Gunjal, Mrs. Melanie Biersmith, and the 2022-2023 4-H Leadership Teams and recognizing February 8, 2023, as 4-H Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Chapter of the Alzheimer's Association; Alzheimer's Awareness Day at the state capitol; March 1, 2023; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Georgia Chapter of the Alzheimer's Association and recognizing March 1, 2023, as Alzheimer's Awareness Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Young Farmers Association; Young Farmers Day at the state capitol; February 8, 2023; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Georgia Young Farmers Association and recognizing February 8, 2023, as Young Farmers Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Vernon, Samuel; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Samuel Vernon Guthrie; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Center for Oncology Research and Education; 20 years of service to the State of Georgia; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and congratulating the Georgia Center for Oncology Research and Education for 20 years of service to the State of Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Individuals for their volunteer work; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending individuals for their volunteer work; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Communities in Schools; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Communities in Schools; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dental Hygienists Appreciation Day; February 9, 2023; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 9, 2023, as Dental Hygienists Appreciation Day; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Durley, Reverend Dr. Gerald L.; recipient of the John Lewis & C.T. Vivian Legacy Award; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Reverend Dr. Gerald L. Durley, recipient of the John Lewis & C.T. Vivian Legacy Award; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Clayton, Xernona; first recipient and namesake of the General Assembly Appreciation Reception; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Xernona Clayton as the first recipient and namesake of the General Assembly Appreciation Reception; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: James, Senator Donzella; recipient of the Leroy Reginald Johnson Legislator of the Year Award; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Senator Donzella James, recipient of the Leroy Reginald Johnson Legislator of the Year Award; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia's Community Service Boards; Community Service Boards Day at the state capitol; February 16, 2023; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Georgia's Community Service Boards and recognizing February 16, 2023, as Community Service Boards Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Easterseals Georgia and its chapters' Champions for Children program; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing Easterseals Georgia and its chapters' Champions for Children program; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Afterschool Day at the state capitol; January 25, 2023; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing January 25, 2023, as Afterschool Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dellinger, James R. "Jim"; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of James R. "Jim" Dellinger; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Pallone, Al and Millie; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the lives and memories of Al and Millie Pallone; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Stephens, Susan Spradley; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Susan Spradley Stephens; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Okefenokee Swamp Day at the state capitol; February 8, 2023; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 8, 2023, as Okefenokee Swamp Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Clayton County Government; Clayton County Chamber of Commerce; ATL Airport Chamber of Commerce; Clayton County Day at the state capitol; February 9, 2023; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Clayton County Government, the Clayton County Chamber of Commerce, and the ATL Airport Chamber of Commerce, and recognizing February 9, 2023, as Clayton County Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: New Americans Day at the state capitol; February 14, 2023; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 14, 2023, as New Americans Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Louiziare, Ludwig; Miss Cobb County 2023; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Ludwidg Louizaire, Miss Cobb County 2023; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Key, Charlie; Miss Cobb County's Outstanding Teen 2023; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Charlie Key, Miss Cobb County's Outstanding Teen 2023; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Unto the Least of His Ministry; Crosby Chapel Church, Hopewell UMC, and their young people in supporting a community in Ghana, Africa; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the efforts of Unto the Least of His Ministry, Crosby Chapel Church, Hopewell UMC, and their young people in supporting a community in Ghana, Africa; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Marshes of Glynn Libraries; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Marshes of Glynn Libraries; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: YMCAs of Georgia; important work they do in communities across the state promoting a healthy spirit, mind and body; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION Recognizing and commending the YMCAs of Georgia for the important work they do in communities across the state promoting a healthy spirit, mind, and body; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Alpha Phi Alpha Day at the state capitol; February 16, 2023; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 16, 2023, as Alpha Phi Alpha Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ward, Hines; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Hines Ward; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Watkins, Teresa Annet Bryant; outstanding public service; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Teresa Annet Bryant Watkins on her outstanding public service; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Martins, Lucas de Souza; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Lucas de Souza Martins; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Property; conveyance of certain state owned property; authorize. Description: A RESOLUTION authorizing the lease of certain state owned property located in Appling County; authorizing the conveyance of certain state owned property located in Bacon County; authorizing the lease of certain state owned property located in Bacon County; authorizing the conveyance of certain state owned property in Morgan, Newton, and Walton counties; authorizing the lease of certain state owned property located in Rabun County; authorizing the conveyance of certain state owned property in Taylor County; and authorizing the conveyance of certain state owned property in Walton County; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Property; granting of nonexclusive easements; authorize. Description: A RESOLUTION authorizing the granting of nonexclusive easements for the construction, installation, operation, and maintenance of facilities, utilities, roads, and ingresses and egresses in, on, over, under, upon, across, or through property owned by the State of Georgia in Calhoun, Camden, Chatham, Clarke, Coffee, DeKalb, Emanuel, Fulton, Jeff Davis, Monroe, Morgan, Polk, Tattnall, Towns, and Washington counties; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws, and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: University of North Georgia; 150th anniversary; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the University of North Georgia upon its 150th anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Multi-Agency Alliance for Children; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring and commending the Multi-Agency Alliance for Children; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: State of Georgia Organization of Omega Psi Phi Fraternity, Inc.; dedication and commitment to empowering youth, strengthening families, and uplifting communities across the State of Georgia; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the State of Georgia Organization of Omega Psi Phi Fraternity, Inc. for their dedication and commitment to empowering youth, strengthening families, and uplifting communities across the State of Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Glanton, Representative Mike, Sr.; outstanding public service; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Representative Mike Glanton Sr. on his outstanding public service; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Landreth, Mrs. Barbara Andrews; retirement and service as Georgia's longest serving teacher; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Mrs. Barbara Andrews Landreth's retirement and service as Georgia's longest serving teacher; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hairston, Reverend Joe Robert, Jr.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Reverend Joe Robert Hairston Jr.; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Llop, Adele Marie-Dominica Bennetti; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Adele Marie-Dominica Benetti Llop; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Plunkett, Donald "Don" Lanier; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Donald "Don" Lanier Plunkett; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Galer, Mary Jane Perkins; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Mary Jane Perkins Galer; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lewis, Douglas; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Douglas Lewis; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Clark Atlanta University Day at the state capitol; February 21, 2023; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 21, 2023, as Clark Atlanta University Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: COAGE Senior Week; January 13 to 17, 2023; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing January 13 to 17, 2023, as COAGE Senior Week; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia State University Athletic Department; outstanding accomplishments in athletics and academics in 2022; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Georgia State University Athletic Department for its outstanding accomplishments in athletics and academics in 2022; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Williams, Charles; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Charles Williams; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: State Restaurant Day at the state capitol; February 22, 2023; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the restaurant industry of Georgia and recognizing February 22, 2023, as State Restaurant Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Gottlieb, Steve; outstanding public service as a legal aid executive director; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Steve Gottlieb on his outstanding public service as a legal aid executive director; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Pollard, Dr. Gregory L.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dr. Gregory L. Pollard; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lackey, Bishop Aaron B., Sr.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Bishop Aaron B. Lackey Sr.; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Abrahams, Ethel; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Ethel Abrahams; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jones, Apostle Danita Harden; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Apostle Danita Harden Jones; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Hearing Day at the state capitol; February 15, 2023; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 15, 2023, as Georgia Hearing Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Latin American Association; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Latin American Association; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Brooks, Yvonne T.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Yvonne T. Brooks; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Excel Youth Academy; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Excel Youth Academy; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Willis, Liam; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Liam Willis; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: City of Douglasville; 148th anniversary; Douglasville Day; February 25, 2023; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the City of Douglasville upon its 148th anniversary and recognizing February 25, 2023, as Douglasville Day; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Governor's Honors Program Day at the state capitol; February 22, 2023; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 22, 2023, as Governor's Honors Program Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Stand with Survivors Day at the state capitol; February 14, 2023; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 14, 2023, as Stand with Survivors Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hausmann, Liz; Fulton County Commissioner and Vice-Chair; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Fulton County Commissioner and Vice-Chair Liz Hausmann; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Willfork, John; REACH scholar; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending REACH scholar John Willfork; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jackson, Kurt; REACH scholar; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending REACH scholar Kurt Jackson; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lopez, Daniella; REACH scholar; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending REACH scholar Daniella Lopez; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bentler, Daniel; REACH scholar; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending REACH scholar Daniel Bentler; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Operation Homecoming; 50th anniversary of the return of prisoners of war from February 12, 1973 to April 4, 1973, as a result of the Paris Peace Accords, to remember those still missing & to honor all Vietnam era veterans & their families; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the 50th anniversary of the return of prisoners of war during Operation Homecoming from February 12, 1973, to April 4, 1973, as a result of the Paris Peace Accords, to remember those still missing and to honor all Vietnam era and Vietnam War veterans and their families; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jewell, Christopher Gershun; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Christopher Gershun Jewell; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jones, Marie; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Marie Jones; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lipscomb, Mrs. Carolyn; 2023 Distinguished Older Georgian; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Mrs. Carolyn Lipscomb as the 2023 Distinguished Older Georgian; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Johnson, Lola Walton; grand occasion of her retirement; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Lola Walton Johnson upon the grand occasion of her retirement; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cummings, Madine; grand occasion of her retirement; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Madine Cummings upon the grand occasion of her retirement; and for other purposes
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ward, Reverend Robert, Sr.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Reverend Robert Ward Sr.; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bennett, Mary Smalls; outstanding public service; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Mary Smalls Bennett on her outstanding public service; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Stewart, Josie; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating Josie Stewart; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority Inc. Day at the state capitol; February 20, 2023; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 20, 2023, as Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority Inc. Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Rotary Club of Gainesville; grand occasion of its 100th anniversary; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending the Rotary Club of Gainesville upon the grand occasion of its 100th anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Soumas, Dave; Woodstock Fire & Rescue Chief; outstanding public service; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Woodstock Fire & Rescue Chief Dave Soumas on his outstanding public service; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Statewide Independent Living Council of Georgia; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Statewide Independent Living Council of Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Alpha Phi Alpha Day at the state capitol; February 16, 2023; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 16, 2023, as Alpha Phi Alpha Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Charles Pope Day; February 17, 2023; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 17, 2023, as Charles Pope Day; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Green Industry Association; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Georgia Green Industry Association; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Johnson, Jermaine; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Jermaine Johnson; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Arnold, Major Terry; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Major Terry Arnold; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Robinson, Gloria Ann; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Gloria Ann Robinson; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Baker, Jenice; recipient of the New Administrator of The Year Award; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Jenice Baker, recipient of the New Administrator of The Year award; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Belliveau-Studley, Vicki; recipient of the Elderly & Disabled Waiver Case Management Administrative Support Leadership Award; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Vicki Belliveau-Studley, recipient of the Elderly & Disabled Waiver Case Management Administrative Support Leadership Award; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lucke, Carolyn Jo; recipient of the Emergency Preparedness Champion of Long Term Care Award; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Carolyn Jo Lucke, recipient of the Emergency Preparedness Champion of Long Term Care award; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Almond, Tonya; recipient of the Elderly & Disabled Waiver Case Management Social Worker Case Manager Leadership Award; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Tonya Almond, recipient of the Elderly & Disabled Waiver Case Management Social Worker Case Manager Leadership Award; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bembry, Ivy; recipient of the Assisted Living Administrator of The Year Award; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Ivy Bembry, recipient of the Assisted Living Administrator of The Year award; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Wrenn, Joanne; recipient of the Administrator of The Year Award; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Joanne Wrenn, recipient of the Administrator of The Year award; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bennett, Cindy; recipient of the Elderly & Disabled Waiver Case Management Nurse Care Manager Leadership Award; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Cindy Bennett, recipient of the Elderly & Disabled Waiver Case Management Nurse Case Manager Leadership Award; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Evans, Keitta; recipient of the Leadership Excellence Award; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Keitta Evans, recipient of the Leadership Excellence Award; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Curtis, Glenn; recipient of the Engineering & Environmental Services Champion of Long Term Care Award; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Glenn Curtis, recipient of the Engineering & Environmental Services Champion of Long Term Care award; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Red Cross Month in Georgia; March 2023; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Red Cross and recognizing March 2023 as Red Cross Month in Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Clinica Mi Familia Seebaby; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Clinica Mi Familia Seebaby; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Thomas Jefferson Academy Jaguars; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Thomas Jefferson Academy Jaguars; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Thomas Jefferson Academy Athletics Department; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Thomas Jefferson Academy Athletics Department; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Girl Scout Day at the state capitol; February 7, 2023; commending the Girl Scouts as a national leader in providing the best leadership development experience in the world to American girls; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 7, 2023, as Girl Scout Day at the state capitol and commending the Girl Scouts as a national leader in providing the best leadership development experience in the world to American girls; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hashmi, Abrar; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Abrar Hashmi; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Sophia Ruth Fisher Interchange; Tift County; dedicate. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life of Ms. Sophia Ruth Fisher and dedicating an interchange in her memory; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Morton, Bishop James H.; lifelong commitment and dedication to preaching the gospel of Jesus Christ, feeding and clothing the homeless, and being a fierce advocate for democracy within his beloved community; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Bishop James H. Morton and his lifelong commitment and dedication to preaching the gospel of Jesus Christ, feeding and clothing the homeless, and being a fierce advocate for democracy within his beloved community; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Brown, Bryan; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Bryan Brown; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dicks, Reverend Terence Alton; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Reverend Terence Alton Dicks; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Floyd, Johnny; outstanding public service; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Johnny Floyd on his outstanding public service; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bryant, John Hope; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending John Hope Bryant; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: King, Dr. Bernice A.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Dr. Bernice A. King; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia FFA Association; FFA Day at the state capitol; February 21, 2023; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Georgia FFA Association and recognizing February 21, 2023, as FFA Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ott, Judge John M.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Judge John M. Ott; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Brunswick-Golden Isles Day at the Capitol; February 21, 2023; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 21, 2023, as Brunswick-Golden Isles Day at the Capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Taylor, Cassandra Denise; 2023 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Cassandra Denise Taylor for receiving the 2023 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Certified Community Midwife Day at the state capitol; February 15, 2023; recognize; UmmSalaamah Abdullah-Zaimah, Shafia Monroe, Jennie Joseph, Sarahn Henderson, Jessica Roach, Jamarah Amani, and Brittany Campbell; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 15, 2023, as Certified Community Midwife Day at the state capitol and commending UmmSalaamah Abdullah-Zaimah, Shafia Monroe, Jennie Joseph, Sarahn Henderson, Jessica Roach, Jamarah Amani, and Brittany Campbell; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Triple Negative Breast Cancer Awareness Month; March 2023; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 2023 as Triple Negative Breast Cancer Awareness Month; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Mill Creek High School football team; winning the 2022 GHSA Class 7A State Football Championship; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Mill Creek High School football team for winning the 2022 GHSA Class 7A State Football Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Visiting Nurse Health System; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring and commending Visiting Nurse Health System; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Career and Technical Education Month; February 2023; Georgia Career and Technical Student Organizations Day at the state capitol; February 23, 2023; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 2023 as Career and Technical Education Month and February 23, 2023, as Georgia Career and Technical Student Organizations Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Studstill, Jay; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Jay Studstill; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Joint session; message from Chief Justice of the Supreme Court. Description: A RESOLUTION calling a joint session of the House of Representatives and the Senate for the purpose of hearing a message from the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court; inviting each other Justice of the Supreme Court and each Judge of the Court of Appeals to be present at the joint session; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lewis, Dr. Crawford; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Dr. Crawford Lewis; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Black Economic Empowerment & Black Excellence in honor of African American History Month; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION celebrating Black Economic Empowerment & Black Excellence in honor of African American History Month; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, Inc.; Tau Pi Omega Chapter; dedicated service to the DeKalb community; grand occasion of 30th anniversary; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Tau Pi Omega Chapter of Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, Inc., for their dedicated service to the DeKalb County community and congratulating them on the grand occasion of their 30th anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ellis, Charlene; receiving the 2023 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Charlene Ellis for receiving the 2023 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dooley, Vincent Joseph; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Vincent Joseph Dooley; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Catoosa County GOP; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Catoosa County GOP; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Stevenson, Reverend Dr. Daniel; grand occasion of his retirement; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Reverend Dr. Daniel Stevenson upon the grand occasion of his retirement; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: James, Shirley Barber; receiving the 2023 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Shirley Barber James for receiving the 2023 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: United in Uniforms Recognition and Memorial Month; May 2023; honoring the men and women who have served, are serving, or will one day serve either in law enforcement, the military branches of the United States, or as firefighters; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the men and women who have served, are serving, or will one day serve either in law enforcement, the military branches of the United States, or as firefighters and recognizing May 2023 as United in Uniforms Recognition and Memorial Month; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Carr-Hurst, Elizabeth; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Elizabeth Carr-Hurst; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: MedShare International Day at the state capitol; March 1, 2023; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 1, 2023, as MedShare International Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Sharma, Dr. Amy; receiving the 2023 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Dr. Amy Sharma for receiving the 2023 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Salazar, Cindy Mariella Portal; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Cindy Mariella Portal Salazar; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Success of lay person CPR training in increasing the survival rate of cardiac arrest; supporting efforts to enhance public awareness of the need of such training; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the success of lay person CPR training in increasing the survival rate of cardiac arrest and supporting efforts to enhance public awareness of the need of such training; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cotton, Chief Stacey L.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Chief Stacey L. Cotton; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: General Assembly; appropriation of funds received from certain legal judgments or settlements; provide - CA. Description: A RESOLUTION proposing an amendment to the Constitution so as to provide for the appropriation of funds received from certain legal judgments or settlements; to revise the disposition of excess, changed, or unanticipated federal funding allocated to the state; to provide for related matters; to provide for the submission of this amendment for ratification or rejection; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Latin American Chamber of Commerce of Georgia; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Latin American Chamber of Commerce of Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: White, Mr. Jeffrey; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Mr. Jeffrey White; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Degner, Ryan; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Ryan Degner; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Purkett, Sandy; receiving the 2023 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Sandy Purkett for receiving the 2023 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: White, Ms. Rochelle; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Ms. Rochelle White; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Taiwan; relations with the United States and the State of Georgia; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Taiwan for its relations with the United States and the State of Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: McMillian, DeBorah Howard; receiving the 2023 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending DeBorah Howard McMillian for receiving the 2023 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: National Coalition of 100 Black Women, Inc. Day at the state capitol; 02/27/23; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 27, 2023, as National Coalition of 100 Black Women Inc. Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Austin, Ebony; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Ebony Austin; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bennett, Rhona Lynn; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Rhona Lynn Bennett; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Deloach, Regina; receiving the 2023 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Regina Deloach for receiving the 2023 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Armstrong, Judge Katherine; outstanding public service; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Judge Katherine Armstrong on her outstanding public service; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bristol, Lisamarie; outstanding public service; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Lisamarie Bristol on her outstanding public service; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Tardive Dyskinesia Awareness Week; May 1 to 7, 2023; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing May 1 to 7, 2023, as Tardive Dyskinesia Awareness Week; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Grissom, Brenda; receiving the 2023 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Brenda Grissom for receiving the 2023 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: North, Trent; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Trent North; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Skepple, Teresa Louise; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Teresa Louise Skepple; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Morton, Bishop James H.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Bishop James H. Morton; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Millender, Dr. Mallory; honor of Black History Month; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dr. Mallory Millender in honor of Black History Month; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Glover, Danny; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Danny Glover; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: McCauley, Susan; honoring the memory of Rosa Parks through the book she authored, Our Auntie Rosa, remembering the legacy of Rosa Parks and the courageous role she played in the civil rights movement; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Susan McCauley for honoring the memory of Rosa Parks through the book she authored, Our Auntie Rosa, remembering the legacy of Rosa Parks and the courageous role she played in the civil rights movement; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Taylor, Ms. Devlynn; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Ms. Devlynn Taylor; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Suns; winning the Peachtree Corners Baptist Church 9-10 year old boys basketball championship; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Suns for winning the 2022/2023 Peachtree Corners Baptist Church 9-10 year-old boys basketball championship; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Young, Ambassador Andrew; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Ambassador Andrew Young; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jones, Dr. Bobby; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dr. Bobby Jones; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Papadopoulou, Alexandra; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Alexandra Papadopoulou and inviting her to be recognized by the House of Representatives; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Davis, Cheryl Denise; receiving the 2023 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Cheryl Denise Davis for receiving the 2023 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Supporting the improvement of the care of atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION supporting the improvement of the care of atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: The Newnan-Coweta Chamber of Commerce; 75th anniversary; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION celebrating the 75th anniversary of The Newnan-Coweta Chamber of Commerce; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Antoinin, Henrietta; receiving the 2023 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Henrietta Antoinin for receiving the 2023 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Head, Charles; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the accomplishments of Charles Head; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Gwinnett Chatt Outreach; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Gwinnett Chatt Outreach; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Williams, Dr. Tomicka; receiving the 2023 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Dr. Tomicka Williams for receiving the 2023 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Asian American Advocacy Fund and Asian American Advancing Justice Atlanta in Georgia; 10th annual Asian American Advocacy Day; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the contributions of the Asian American Advocacy Fund and Asian American Advancing JusticeAtlanta in Georgia on their 10th annual Asian American Advocacy Day; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: O'Brien, Minister Darragh; outstanding public service; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Minister Darragh O'Brien on his outstanding public service; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Beauford, Jaivyn; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Jaivyn Beauford; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Keith, Dr. Lois; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dr. Lois Keith; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Peanut Month at the state capitol; March 2023; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Georgia peanut industry and recognizing March 2023 as Georgia Peanut Month at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Talton, Sheriff Cullen; 50th career anniversary; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Sheriff Cullen Talton upon his 50th career anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Koo, Mr. Younghoe; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Mr. Younghoe Koo; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Butts, Toni; receiving the 2023 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Toni Butts for receiving the 2023 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Muhammad, Bilali; prominent Muslim and African American from Sapelo Island, Georgia; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the historical importance of Bilali Muhammad, a prominent Muslim and African American from Sapelo Island, Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia BBQ Day; March 25, 2023; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 25, 2023, as Georgia BBQ Day; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Terrell, Grace Elizabeth Beasley; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Grace Elizabeth Beasley Terrell; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dominican Republic Independence Day; February 27, 2023; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 27, 2023, as Dominican Republic Independence Day; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Scott, Judge Mark Anthony; outstanding public service; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Judge Mark Anthony Scott on his outstanding public service; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Brain Awareness Week in Georgia; March 13-19, 2023; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the week of March 13-19, 2023, as Brain Awareness Week in Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: National Wild Turkey Federation, Inc.; 50th anniversary of its establishment; significant contributions to scientific wildlife management, research, and habitat conservation; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commemorating the 50th anniversary of the establishment of the National Wild Turkey Federation Inc. and recognizing its significant contributions to scientific wildlife management, research, and habitat conservation as well as its promotion and protection of the long-honored outdoor traditions of the United States of America; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Nix, Deree; Berrien High School's 2023 STAR Teacher; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Deree Nix, Berrien High School's 2023 STAR Teacher; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Thomas, Dr. Norman H.,Sr.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Dr. Norman H. Thomas Sr.; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: King, Mayor Trey; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and contribution of the Mayor Trey King; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Leadership Gwinnett Class of 2022; impact and leadership; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the Leadership Gwinnett Class of 2022 for their impact and their leadership; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Still, Mayor David; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and contributions of Mayor David Still; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Joseph, Dr. Jann; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and contributions of Dr. Jann Joseph; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lewis, Loyd T.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Loyd T. Lewis; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cumming, JoAnn; 2023 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending JoAnn Cumming for receiving the 2023 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: City of College Park; commend; College Park Day at the state capitol; February 15, 2023; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the City of College Park and recognizing February 15, 2023, as College Park Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Coalition for Global Hepatitis Elimination of the Task Force for Global Health; commitment to eliminating viral hepatitis; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Coalition for Global Hepatitis Elimination of the Task Force for Global Health, headquartered in Decatur, Georgia, for their commitment to eliminating viral hepatitis as a health threat for Georgians, the United States, and globally; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ortiz, Lieutenant Carlos F.; retirement; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Lieutenant Carlos F. Ortiz upon his retirement; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Speech-Language-Hearing Association; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the Georgia Speech-Language-Hearing Association; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Brinson, Reverend Dr. Albert Paul; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Reverend Dr. Albert Paul Brinson; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Big Haynes Creek Nature Center; initiating its third tree-planting ceremony in partnership with the City of Conyers for the state's annual Arbor Day celebration; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Big Haynes Creek Nature Center, located at the Georgia International Horse Park, for initiating its third tree-planting ceremony in partnership with the City of Conyers for the state's annual Arbor Day celebration; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jackson, Nettie; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Nettie Jackson; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Elbert/Franklin/Hart/Madison County Unit and others; Georgia Forestry Commission 2022 Georgia Unit of the Year; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Elbert/Franklin/Hart/Madison County Unit on being named the Georgia Forestry Commission 2022 North Georgia Unit of the Year; the Grady/Thomas County Unit on being named the 2022 South Georgia Unit of the Year; Area 3 on being named the 2022 Forest Protection Area of the Year; Gabe Outlaw on being named the 2022 Forester of the Year; and the Cost Share Team on being named the 2022 Forest Management Team of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Conyers Cherry Blossom Festival; foster a long and steady friendship between the City of Conyers and country of Japan; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating the Conyers Cherry Blossom Festival for its outstanding efforts to foster a long and steady friendship between the City of Conyers and country of Japan; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Spectrum Autism Support Group; 25th Anniversary; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION celebrating Spectrum Autism Support Group's 25th Anniversary and recognizing its provision of support, education, and resources to individuals and families impacted by autism in Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Emergency medical services professionals of Georgia; commend; Emergency Medical Services Recognition Day at the state capitol; March 2, 2023; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the emergency medical services professionals of Georgia and recognizing March 2, 2023, as Emergency Medical Services Recognition Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Buford High School; athletic achievements; honor. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the athletic achievements of Buford High School; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Seckinger High School; inaugural year; innovative artificial intelligence education; honor. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the inaugural year of Seckinger High School and its innovative artificial intelligence education; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Mountain View High School; academic and athletic success; honor. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the academic and athletic success of Mountain View High School; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dacula High School; academic and athletic success; honor. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the academic and athletic success of Dacula High School; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: McClure, Gwinnett Chief of Police J.D.; contribution and leadership; honor. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the contribution and leadership of Gwinnett Chief of Police J.D. McClure; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Tilley, Gene R.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Gene R. Tilley; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Boone, Margie; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Margie Boone; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Taylor, Dr. Maya M.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dr. Maya M. Taylor; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Taylor, Lisa Cannon; receiving the 2023 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Lisa Cannon Taylor for receiving the 2023 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ramsey, Reverend Charles Robert, Jr.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Reverend Charles Robert Ramsey Jr.; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Anheuser-Busch; Cartersville/Bartow County Chamber of Commerce 2022 Manufacturer of the Year; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Anheuser-Busch, the Cartersville/Bartow County Chamber of Commerce 2022 Manufacturer of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Weaver Heating and Air, Inc.; Cartersville/Bartow County Chamber of Commerce 2022 Small Business of the Year; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Weaver Heating and Air Inc., the Cartersville/Bartow County Chamber of Commerce 2022 Small Business of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Porter, Cole; contributions and leadership in Gwinnett County; honor. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the contributions and leadership of Cole Porter in Gwinnett County; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: South Asian Bar Association (SABA); Georgia legal community; honor. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the contributions of the South Asian Bar Association (SABA) to the Georgia legal community; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Smallwood, King Solomon, III; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending King Solomon Smallwood III; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Davis, Gary L., Sr.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Gary L. Davis Sr.; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Mason, Judge Tracy; life and contributions; honor. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and contributions of Judge Tracy Mason; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Harris, Kathaleen Frances; service in the armed forces; commend; Female Veteran's Day at the state capitol; 03/07/23; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Kathaleen Frances Harris for her service in the armed forces and recognizing March 7, 2023, as Female Veteran's Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Deane, Melissa Jo; commend; Female Veteran's Day at the state capitol; 03/07/23; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Melissa Jo Deane and recognizing March 7, 2023, as Female Veteran's Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Vietnam Remembrance Day; April 30, 2023; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing April 30, 2023, as Vietnam Remembrance Day; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Harris, Kathaleen Frances; service in the armed forces; commend; Female Veteran's Day at the state capitol; 03/07/23; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Kathaleen Frances Harris for her service in the armed forces and recognizing March 7, 2023, as Female Veteran's Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Simmons, Major General Randall V., Jr.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Major General Randall V. Simmons Jr.; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Abraham Baldwin Agricultural College; 115th anniversary; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION celebrating Abraham Baldwin Agricultural College's 115th anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: The Indian community in the State of Georgia; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Indian community in the State of Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Stottlemyer, Sarah E.; receiving the 2023 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Sarah E. Stottlemyer for receiving the 2023 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Muscogee (Creek) Nation, Cherokee Nation, United Keetowah Band of Cherokee Indians, Eastern Band of Cherokee Indians, and the historical tribes that once called Georgia their home, including the Yuchi Tribe, Chickasaw Nation, and others; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Muscogee (Creek) Nation, Cherokee Nation, United Keetoowah Band of Cherokee Indians, Eastern Band of Cherokee Indians, and the historical tribes that once called Georgia their home, including the Yuchi Tribe, Chickasaw Nation, Seminole Nation, Seminole Tribe of Florida, Shawnee Tribe, and all tribes; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Greater North Fulton Chamber of Commerce; 50th anniversary; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Greater North Fulton Chamber of Commerce upon its 50th anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Howard, Jon B.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Jon B. Howard; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Waymer, Dr. Robert Weston; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Dr. Robert Weston Waymer; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Smith, William Harold; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of William Harold Smith; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Foxx, Porsche; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring and commending Porsche Foxx; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Williams, Wendy F.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring and commending Wendy F. Williams; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Turner, Carolyn McKenzie; receiving the 2023 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Carolyn McKenzie Turner for receiving the 2023 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jerry Farber Day in Georgia; March 11, 2023; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Jerry Farber and recognizing March 11, 2023, as Jerry Farber Day in Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Worth, Corporal Derrell; career as a game warden in service to the citizens of the State of Georgia; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Corporal Derrell Worth for his career as a game warden in service to the citizens of the State of Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Armuchee High School Lady Indians; winning the 2022-2023 GHSA Class A Cheerleading State Championship; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Armuchee High School Lady Indians for winning the 2022-2023 GHSA Class A Cheerleading State Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Forest City Juniors; Forest City Gun Club; winning the 2022 Scholastic Clay Target Program National Championship; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Forest City Juniors of the Forest City Gun Club for winning the 2022 Scholastic Clay Target Program National Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Shorter, Mrs. Lecura Marie Threadcraft; 100th birthday; honor. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring and celebrating the 100th birthday of Mrs. Lecura Marie Threadcraft Shorter; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Armuchee High School Indians; winning the 2022 GHSA Class A Division I Cross Country State Championship; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Armuchee High School Indians for winning the 2022 GHSA Class A Division I Cross Country State Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Levitas, Elliott; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Elliott Levitas; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Fasan, Dr. Florence; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dr. Florence Fasan; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hall, Dr. Yassin; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dr. Yassin Hall; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Garren, Alexa; outstanding performance at the 2022 National Derby Rallies and 2022 World Championship; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating Alexa Garren for her outstanding performance at the 2022 National Derby Rallies and 2022 World Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: St. Patrick's Day Parade Committee, Chairman Ashley M. Norris, and the Grand Marshal of the 2023 St. Patrick's Day Parade, George F. Schwarz, III.; on the upcoming occasion of the 2023 St. Patrick's Day Parade in Savannah, Georgia; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and honoring the members of the St. Patrick's Day Parade Committee, Chairman Ashley M. Norris, and the Grand Marshal of the 2023 St. Patrick's Day Parade, George F. Schwarz III, on the upcoming occasion of the 2023 St. Patrick's Day Parade in Savannah, Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Pre-K Week; October 2-6, 2023; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing October 2-6, 2023, as Georgia Pre-K Week; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Nathaniel William Clark Day in the State of Georgia; March 12, 2023; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 12, 2023, as Nathaniel William Clark Day in the State of Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Province of Sindh; status as a sister state with Georgia; honor. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the Province of Sindh's status as a sister state with Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Type 1 Diabetes Day at the state capitol; March 14, 2023; recognize; Georgia residents who have type 1 diabetes and whose families continually educate and advocate; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Georgia residents who have type 1 diabetes and whose families continually educate and advocate and recognizing March 14, 2023, as Type 1 Diabetes Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Yadudu, Captain Rabiu Hamisu; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Captain Rabiu Hamisu Yadudu; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hypertrophic Cardiomyopathy Awareness Day; fourth Wednesday in February; designate. Description: A RESOLUTION designating Hypertrophic Cardiomyopathy Awareness Day; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Alpharetta Chamber of Commerce; 10th anniversary; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Alpharetta Chamber of Commerce upon its 10th anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: House interns for the 2023 regular session of the General Assembly of Georgia; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the House interns for the 2023 regular session of the General Assembly of Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Gallagher, Rincon City K-9 Police Officer Ian; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Rincon City K-9 Police Officer Ian Gallagher; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Building Owners and Managers Association of Georgia (BOMA Georgia); BOMA Georgia Day at the state capitol; February 21, 2023; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Building Owners and Managers Association of Georgia (BOMA Georgia) and recognizing February 21, 2023, as BOMA Georgia Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: AmeriCorps Week Georgia; March 12-18, 2023; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 12-18, 2023, as AmeriCorps Week Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Boy Scouts of America in Georgia; 2023 Scouts Day at the Capitol; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Boy Scouts of America in Georgia upon the 2023 Scouts Day at the Capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia SERVES Day at the state capitol; March 15, 2023; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 15, 2023, as Georgia SERVES Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lovett, Denim; crowned Miss Georgia Teen USA 2023; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Denim Lovett on being crowned Miss Georgia Teen USA 2023; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Thomas, Pierre "P" and Kevin "Coach K" Lee; executives and co-founders of Quality Control Music Label; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Pierre "P" Thomas and Kevin "Coach K" Lee, executives and co-founders of Quality Control Music label; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Habersham EMC Lineman Rodeo Team; first place overall winners in the REA Electric Co-Op Division at the International Lineman's Rodeo; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring and congratulating the Habersham EMC Lineman Rodeo Team on being named first place overall winners in the REA Electric Co-Op Division at the International Lineman's Rodeo; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: North Hall Middle School girls' cross country team; winning the 2022 State Cross-Country Championship Meet; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the North Hall Middle School girls' cross country team for winning the 2022 State Cross-Country Championship Meet; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Smith, Maverick; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Maverick Smith; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: North Hall Middle School boys' cross country team; winning the 2022 State Cross-Country Championship Meet; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the North Hall Middle School boys' cross country team for winning the 2022 State Cross-Country Championship Meet; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: State of Israel; 75th anniversary; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the State of Israel upon its 75th anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lewis, Krista; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Krista Lewis; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Johnson, Kwame; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Kwame Johnson; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: March of Dimes; 85th anniversary; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending March of Dimes upon its 85th anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Leslie-Gaynor, Robertha; Morrow Middle School's 2023 Teacher of the Year; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Robertha Leslie-Gaynor, Morrow Middle School's 2023 Teacher of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Roddie, Wenderria; Rex Mill Middle School's 2023 Teacher of the Year; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Wenderria Roddie, Rex Mill Middle School's 2023 Teacher of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Global Impact Academy's CTI Chapter; winning the Georgia CTI Fall Conference; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating Global Impact Academy's CTI Chapter for winning the Georgia CTI Fall Conference; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: House Study Committee on Safety and Consumer Protection in the Tree Care Industry; create. Description: A RESOLUTION creating the House Study Committee on Safety and Consumer Protection in the Tree Care Industry; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Grabowski, Major General Thomas F.; grand occasion of his retirement; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Major General Thomas F. Grabowski upon the grand occasion of his retirement; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hearn, William Aaron, Christopher Rong-Guang Chen, and Cooper Jacob Davis; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating William Aaron Hearn, Christopher Rong-Guang Chen, and Cooper Jacob Davis; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: John Milledge Academy Varsity Football Team; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the John Milledge Academy Varsity Football Team; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Durrah, Bishop Wilfred, Jr.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Bishop Wilfred Durrah, Jr.; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Shaw, Niecey; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring and commending Niecey Shaw; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jackson, Dr. Donna W.; retirement; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dr. Donna W. Jackson upon her retirement; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Gates, Sierra; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Sierra Gates; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bailey, Destiny; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Destiny Bailey; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Smith-Harris, Yandy; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Yandy Smith-Harris; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Symone, MiAsia; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending MiAsia Symone; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: House Rural Development Council; reauthorize. Description: A RESOLUTION reauthorizing the House Rural Development Council; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Whitehead, Luke; Unity Christian School's 2023 STAR Student; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Luke Whitehead, Unity Christian School's 2023 STAR Student; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: George Walton Academy Lady Bulldogs; winning the 2023 Georgia Independent Athletic Association State Championship; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the George Walton Academy Lady Bulldogs for winning the 2023 Georgia Independent Athletic Association State Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Parker, Joseph; Woodland High School's 2023 Star Student; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Joseph Parker, Woodland High School's 2023 STAR Student; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: National College Resources Foundation; 19th Annual Atlanta Black College Expo; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the National College Resources Foundation upon its 19th Annual Atlanta Black College Expo; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Association of Georgia General Aviation Airports; an industry association for general aviation airports in the State of Georgia and its corporate affiliates; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the Association of Georgia General Aviation Airports as an industry association for general aviation airports in the State of Georgia and its corporate affiliates; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Parkside Elementary School; exemplary performance and sportsmanship during the school's 2023 Penny Wars; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the students of Parkside Elementary School for their exemplary performance and sportsmanship during the school's 2023 Penny Wars; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Alessandroni, Father Thomas; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Father Thomas Alessandroni; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: East Georgia Cancer Coalition; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the East Georgia Cancer Coalition; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Levengood, J. Michael; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending J. Michael Levengood; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Human, Kimberly; Woodland High School's 2023 STAR Teacher; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Kimberly Human, Woodland High School's 2023 STAR Teacher; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bowen, Tom; Cartersville High School's 2023 STAR Student; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Tom Bowen, Cartersville High School's 2023 STAR Student; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Nunez, Omar; Cartersville High School's 2023 STAR Teacher; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Omar Nunez, Cartersville High School's 2023 STAR Teacher; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bleckley County High School girls' cross country team; winning the IA/Division I 2022 Cross Country State championship; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Bleckley County High School girls' cross country team on winning the 1A/Division 1 2022 Cross Country State Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Payne, Susan; Unity Christian School's 2023 STAR Teacher; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Susan Payne, Unity Christian School's 2023 STAR Teacher; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia State University's Legislative Health Policy Certificate Program and Advanced Health Policy Institute; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Georgia State University's Legislative Health Policy Certificate Program and Advanced Health Policy Institute; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Colorectal Cancer Awareness Month; March 2023; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 2023 as Colorectal Cancer Awareness Month; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Chronic Kidney Disease Awareness Month in Georgia; March 2023; raise awareness of the need for research, screening programs, and access to care for individuals who suffer from chronic kidney disease; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 2023 as Chronic Kidney Disease Awareness Month in Georgia in order to raise awareness of the need for research, screening programs, and access to care for individuals who suffer from chronic kidney disease; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Los Vecinos de Buford Highway; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Los Vecinos de Buford Highway; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Firefighter Standards and Training Council; receiving the Chief V. Kenneth Elmore Memorial Award; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending the Georgia Firefighter Standards and Training Council for receiving the Chief V. Kenneth Elmore Memorial Award; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Clark, Mr. David Robert; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Mr. David Robert Clark; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: House Study Committee on Fishing Access to Freshwater Resources; create. Description: A RESOLUTION creating the House Study Committee on Fishing Access to Freshwater Resources; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Orange, Cleophas; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Cleophas Orange; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Holt, Donald "Donnie" Curtis, Sr.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Donald "Donnie" Curtis Holt Sr.; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cleaver, Naomi and Casey; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Naomi and Casey Cleaver; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Taylor, Pastor Gary K., Sr.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Pastor Gary K. Taylor Sr.; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Thornton, SFC William "Butch"; retirement; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending SFC William "Butch" Thornton upon his retirement; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Federal VFC program; inclusion of new RSV immunization technologies, including vaccines and monoclonal antibodies; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the inclusion of new RSV immunization technologies, including vaccines and monoclonal antibodies, within the federal VFC program; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: World Down Syndrome Day at the state capitol; March 21, 2023; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 21, 2023, as World Down Syndrome Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Caesar, Julius; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Julius Caesar; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Zion Episcopal Church; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Zion Episcopal Church; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hycon, Ernest; outstanding career as a musician; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Ernest Hycon on his outstanding career as a musician; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Balogun, Ayodeji Ibrahim; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Ayodeji Ibrahim Balogun; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Gray, Carolyn; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Carolyn Gray; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Henry, Patricia; Atlanta Caribbean Carnival; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Patricia Henry and recognizing the Atlanta Caribbean Carnival; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Longville, Shobia; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Shobia Longville; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Pickens, Mychal; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Mychal Pickens; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Reed, Glen; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Glen Reed; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Wilkinson County Warriors; winning the 2022-2023 GHSA Class A Division II Boys State Basketball Championship; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Wilkinson County Warriors for winning the 2022-2023 GHSA Class A Division II Boys State Basketball Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Williams, Keianna; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Keianna Williams; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Sawyer, Lauren Kristara; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Lauren Kristara Sawyer; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Irvin, Kenneth Eugene; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Kenneth Eugene Irvin; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Orange, Jamida; Women's History Month; honor and condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Jamida Orange during Women's History Month; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Valley of Columbus; Ancient Accepted Scottish Rite; centennial anniversary; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Valley of Columbus, Ancient Accepted Scottish Rite, upon its centennial anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: University System of Georgia Outstanding Scholars on Academic Recognition Day for 2023; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending University System of Georgia Outstanding Scholars on Academic Recognition Day for 2023; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Little Zion Baptist Church; occasion of its 100th anniversary; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Little Zion Baptist Church on the occasion of its 100th anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hebron Christian Lions girls' basketball team; winning the 2023 GHSA 3A State Girls Basketball Championship; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Hebron Christian Lions girls' basketball team for winning the 2023 GHSA 3A State Girls Basketball Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Yang, Haoyu; Darlington High School's 2023 STAR Student; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Haoyu Yang, Darlington High School's 2023 STAR Student; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Shorey, Al; Darlington High School's 2023 STAR Teacher; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Al Shorey, Darlington High School's 2023 STAR Teacher; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Civil Air Patrol; service to the citizens of Georgia; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the Civil Air Patrol for their service to the citizens of Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Leadership Academy; sponsored by the DeKalb County Chapter of 100 Black Men of America, Inc.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Leadership Academy sponsored by the DeKalb County Chapter of 100 Black Men of America Inc.; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Johnson, Charles S., IV.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Charles S. Johnson IV; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Conn, Clifford; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Clifford Conn; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Joseph, Jennie; Founder of Commonsense Childbirth, Inc.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Jennie Joseph, Founder of Commonsense Childbirth Inc.; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Widow's and Widower's Day at the Capitol; March 23, 2023; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 23, 2023, as Widow's and Widower's Day at the Capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Martin, Cedric Juan; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Cedric Juan Martin; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Norwood, Dorothy; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dorothy Norwood; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Heard County Lady Braves softball team; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Heard County Lady Braves softball team; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Magistrate court system; 40th anniversary; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION celebrating the 40th anniversary of the magistrate court system; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: 2023 Georgia Single Parent Legacy Builders Award finalists, the 2023 Georgia Single Parent Overcomer Founder Award finalists, and the 2023 Georgia Single Parent Ruth Brewster Endurance Award recipient for their accomplishments; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending the 2023 Georgia Single Parent Legacy Builders Award finalists, the 2023 Georgia Single Parent Overcomer Founder Award finalists, and the 2023 Georgia Single Parent Ruth Brewster Endurance Award recipient for their accomplishments; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: 2023 Georgia Single Parent Legacy Builders Award finalists, the 2023 Georgia Single Parent Overcomer Founder Award finalists, and the 2023 Georgia Single Parent Ruth Brewster Endurance Award recipient for their accomplishments; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending the 2023 Georgia Single Parent Legacy Builders Award finalists, the 2023 Georgia Single Parent Overcomer Founder Award finalists, and the 2023 Georgia Single Parent Ruth Brewster Endurance Award recipient for their accomplishments; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: The Georgia Cup Day; March 26, 2023; celebrating The Georgia Cup's 26th anniversary; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 26, 2023, as The Georgia Cup Day and celebrating The Georgia Cup's 26th anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Philadelphia College of Osteopathic Medicine South Georgia; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Philadelphia College of Osteopathic Medicine South Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: GoVoteGA Day at the Capitol; March 23, 2023; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 23, 2023, as GoVoteGA Day at the Capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Heard County Middle School boys' basketball team; winning the West Georgia Middle School AA Championship; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Heard County Middle School boys' basketball team for winning the West Georgia Middle School AA Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Carrollton High School debate team; winning the 2023 GFCA State Debate Championship; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Carrollton High School debate team for winning the 2023 GFCA State Debate Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Murray, Ty; winning the 2023 State Wrestling Championship; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Ty Murray on winning the 2023 State Wrestling Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Swann, Gabe; winning the 2023 State Wrestling Championship; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Gabe Swann on winning the 2023 State Wrestling Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Central High School wrestling team; winning the 2023 State Wrestling Championship; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Central High School wrestling team for winning the 2023 State Wrestling Championship; and for other purposes. A RESOLUTION
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Levy, Jacob; winning the 2023 State Wrestling Championship; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Jacob Levy on winning the 2023 State Wrestling Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Foster, Shequita; South Atlanta High School's 2023 Teacher of the Year; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Shequita Foster, South Atlanta High School's 2023 Teacher of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Black Men and Boys Day at the Capitol; March 22, 2023; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 22, 2023, as Black Men and Boys Day at the Capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Graber, Pearce Samuel; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Pearce Samuel Graber; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Victims of communism; honor. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and honoring the victims of communism; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Inauguration of the Atlanta Branch of the America Korea United Society; March 26, 2023; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION celebrating the inauguration of the Atlanta Branch of the America Korea United Society on March 26, 2023; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Swan, Takosha M. and "The Veteran Anthem"; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Takosha M. Swan and "The Veteran Anthem"; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Transit Day at the state capitol; March 20, 2023; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 20, 2023, as Transit Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, Incorporated Kappa Omega Chapter; 100 years of service to all mankind; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION celebrating and commending Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, Incorporated Kappa Omega Chapter for 100 years of service to all mankind; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Nudd, Graycen; Georgia's 2023 Distinguished Young Woman; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating Graycen Nudd, Georgia's 2023 Distinguished Young Woman; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Judicial Council/Administrative Office of the Courts; 50th Anniversary Day in Georgia; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing May 4, 2023, as the Judicial Council/Administrative Office of the Courts 50th Anniversary Day in Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Baker, Samuel; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Sammy Baker; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Piedmont Academy girls' basketball team; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Piedmont Academy girls' basketball team; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Harth, Terry; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Terry Harth; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Tax Tribunal; vest judicial power; provide for venue and jurisdiction - CA. Description: A RESOLUTION proposing an amendment to the Constitution so as to vest judicial power of the state in the Georgia Tax Tribunal; to provide for venue and jurisdiction of the Georgia Tax Tribunal; to provide for concurrent jurisdiction with superior courts; to provide for judges of the Georgia Tax Tribunal and their qualifications; to provide for vacancies; to provide for related matters; to provide for the submission of this amendment for ratification or rejection; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: House Study Committee on Certificate of Need Modernization; create. Description: A RESOLUTION creating the House Study Committee on Certificate of Need Modernization; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Naghise, Representative Letitia "Tish"; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Representative Letitia "Tish" Naghise; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Gwinnett College (GGC); educating and preparing its students for success in their future careers; honor. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the work of Georgia Gwinnett College (GGC) in educating and preparing its students for success in their future careers; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Peterson, Calvin; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Calvin Peterson; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: EC Bullets-Gravley 14U Fast-pitch Softball Team; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the EC Bullets-Gravley 14U Fast-pitch Softball Team; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Parrish, Corporal Jerry A.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Corporal Jerry A. Parrish; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bauerle, Jack; proud native of Glenside, Pennsylvania, but a Georgia Bulldog through and through - for his unprecedented tenure and success in leading the University of Georgia's swimming and diving programs to worldwide acclaim; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing Jack Bauerle-proud native of Glenside, Pennsylvania, but a Georgia Bulldog through and through-for his unprecedented tenure and success in leading the University of Georgia's swimming and diving programs to worldwide acclaim; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Taylor, Gwendolyn S.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Gwendolyn S. Taylor; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Duggal, Om; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Om Duggal; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Taylor, Reverend Dr. Clayton Eugene, Sr.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Reverend Dr. Clayton Eugene Taylor Sr.; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Association of Convenience Stores as well as its members and employees; essential to the communities they serve and commending them for their contributions to Georgia; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the Georgia Association of Convenience Stores as well as its members and employees as essential to the communities they serve and commending them for their contributions to Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Reach Out and Read Day at the state capitol; March 23, 2023; recognize the power of reading to young children every day; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 23, 2023, as Reach Out and Read Day at the state capitol to recognize the power of reading to young children every day; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bleckley County High School One Act Program; coming in 1st place in the One Act Play Competition; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Bleckley County High School One Act Program for coming in first place in the One Act Play Competition; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Green Love Kitchen; eighth anniversary; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Green Love Kitchen upon its eighth anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Stallings, Amanda; receiving the 2023 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Amanda Stallings for receiving the 2023 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: J. A. Jones Shipyard; 80-year anniversary; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the 80-year anniversary of the establishment of the J.A. Jones Shipyard; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: DeKalb Day; March 23, 2023; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 23, 2023, as DeKalb Day; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Smith, Madison; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Madison Smith; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Community Legacy, Leaders, and Activist Day; April 7, 2023; to acknowledge unsung heroic leaders and activists for their strength, selfless courage, and hopeful actions that create a positive and much improved future; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing April 7, 2023, as Community Legacy, Leaders, and Activist Day to acknowledge unsung heroic leaders and activists for their strength, selfless courage, and hopeful actions that create a positive and much improved future; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bozeman-Davis, Ruby; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Ruby Bozeman-Davis; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Y'Hudah-Green, City of Pine Lake Chief of Police Sarai; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending City of Pine Lake Chief of Police Sarai Y'Hudah-Green; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cephas, Fred; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Fred Cephas; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: University of Georgia Student Government Leadership Day at the state capitol; 03/23/23; commending the student leaders of the Student Government Association of the University of Georgia; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the student leaders of the Student Government Association of the University of Georgia and recognizing March 23, 2023, as University of Georgia Student Government Leadership Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Flynt, Fabersha; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Fabersha Flynt; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Crooked Creek Baptist Church; occasion of its 220th anniversary; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Crooked Creek Baptist Church on the occasion of its 220th anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Newland, James; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending James Newland; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Atlanta Humane Society, Athens Area Humane Society, and Atlanta Beagle Rescue; efforts to help rescue beagles from animal testing; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the efforts of Atlanta Humane Society, Athens Area Humane Society, and Atlanta Beagle Rescue to help rescue beagles from animal testing; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Festival of Navroz as well as the Shia Ismaili Muslim community residing in and contributing to the State of Georgia; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the festival of Navroz as well as the Shia Ismaili Muslim community residing in and contributing to the State of Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Stafford, Randy; Rome High School's 2023 STAR Teacher; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Randy Stafford, Rome High School's 2023 STAR Teacher; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Garg, Shriya; Rome High School's 2023 STAR Student; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Shriya Garg, Rome High School's 2023 STAR Student; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Calloway, Pastor Earl L., Sr.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Pastor Earl L. Calloway Sr.; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Speed, Banks County Sheriff Carlton; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Banks County Sheriff Carlton Speed; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Muscogee (Creek) Nation, Cherokee Nation, United Keetoowah and Eastern Band of Cherokee Indians, and the historical tribes that once called Georgia their home, including the Yuchi Tribe, Chickasaw Nation, Miccosukee Tribe of Florida; and others; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Muscogee (Creek) Nation, Cherokee Nation, United Keetoowah Band of Cherokee Indians, Eastern Band of Cherokee Indians, and the historical tribes that once called Georgia their home, including the Yuchi Tribe, Chickasaw Nation, Miccosukee Tribe of Indians of Florida, Seminole Tribe of Florida, Seminole Nation Shawnee Tribe, and all tribes; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Maxwell, Shyneka; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Shyneka Maxwell; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Wilburn, Dean Wellie S.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dean Wellie S. Wilburn; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Badu, Dr. Sonnie, First Lady Annie Badu, and The Rock Hill Church family; contributions to the community and commitment to furthering the Gospel of Jesus Christ; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dr. Sonnie Badu, First Lady Annie Badu, and The Rock Hill Church family for their contributions to the community and their commitment to furthering the Gospel of Jesus Christ; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cessna, Chance; United States of America's Ms. Georgia 2023; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Chance Cessna, United States of America's Ms. Georgia 2023; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Uplevel Communications; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Uplevel Communications; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Onobrakpeya, Bruce Paul Obomeyoma; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Bruce Paul Obomeyoma Onobrakpeya; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ajani, Salmaan; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Salmaan Ajani; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Anueyiagu, Dr. Okey; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dr. Okey Anueyiagu; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Smaila, Ambassador Amina Amira; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Ambassador Amina Amira Smaila; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Niazi, Imran; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Imran Niazi; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jain, Arun; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Arun Jain; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Naghise, Representative Letitia "Tish"; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Representative Letitia "Tish" Naghise; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Congressional Delegation; assist in finding reasonable solutions to protect North Atlantic right whales and coastal culture and economy; urge. Description: A RESOLUTION urging the Georgia Congressional Delegation to assist in finding reasonable solutions to protect North Atlantic right whales and Georgia's coastal culture and economy; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: GA Youth Justice Coalition; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the GA Youth Justice Coalition; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Kang, Michelle; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Michelle Kang; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Relationship between the United States and Greece; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the relationship between the United States and Greece; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Women's Golf Day; June 6, 2023; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing June 6, 2023, as Women's Golf Day; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Thaw, Debbie; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Debbie Thaw; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Elbert County Comprehensive High School Chorus; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Elbert County Comprehensive High School Chorus; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Women Veterans Day; June 12, 2023; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing June 12, 2023, as Women Veterans Day; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Davis, Richard; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Richard Davis; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Eady, Samuel "Sammy" H.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Samuel "Sammy" H. Eady; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Powell, Deb and the Johns Creek Progressives; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Deb Powell and the Johns Creek Progressives; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Piedmont Academy Lady Cougars; winning the 2022 GIAA Class AA Softball State Championship; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Piedmont Academy Lady Cougars for winning the 2022 GIAA Class AA Softball State Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia High School Dems; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Georgia High School Dems; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dhyani, Avi; dedication and hard work; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Avi Dhyani for his dedication and hard work; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Northview High School Robotics Team; winning the FIRST Peachtree District Albany Qualifier; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Northview High School Robotics Team for winning the FIRST Peachtree District Albany Qualifier; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Anderson, Tim; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Tim Anderson; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Wilson Creek Girl Scouts; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Wilson Creek Girl Scouts; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Morgan, Dr. Jayne; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dr. Jayne Morgan; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Mercy Care Clinic; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Mercy Care Clinic; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Glass, Robin; retirement; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Robin Glass upon his retirement; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Edmondson, Reverend Dr. Willie T.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Reverend Dr. Willie T. Edmondson; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: National Black Radio Hall of Fame; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the National Black Radio Hall of Fame; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jafar, Masjid and Al-Rahmah Community Center; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Masjid Jafar and Al-Rahmah Community Center; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Clark, Dr. Bill; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dr. Bill Clark; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: McClary, Kam; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Kam McClary; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Riley, Kevin; retirement; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Kevin Riley upon his retirement; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Paschall, Evita; receiving the 2023 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Evita Paschall for receiving the 2023 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Russaw, Rachel; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Rachel Russaw; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Taylor-Smith, JaShai; Toney Elementary School's 2023 Teacher of the Year; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending JaShai Taylor-Smith, Toney Elementary School's 2023 Teacher of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Smith-Shelman, Dr. Quiana; Toney Elementary School's 2023 Support Staff of the Year; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Dr. Quiana Smith-Shelman, Toney Elementary School's 2023 Support Staff of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Alphas of Atlanta, Inc.; seventh annual #AlphaDerbyWeekend; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Alphas of Atlanta Inc. upon their seventh annual #AlphaDerbyWeekend; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Rohan, Douglas B.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Douglas B. Rohan; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia's working women; contributions toward building strong families and supporting Georgia's economy; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Georgia's working women for their contributions toward building strong families and supporting Georgia's economy; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Whisenant, Kennedy; Miss Collegiate America 2022; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Kennedy Whisenant, Miss Collegiate America 2022; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bryant, Abby; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and congratulating Abby Bryant; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Higginbotham, Leah; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and congratulating Leah Higginbotham; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hooks, Jekyll Island Authority Executive Director Jones; outstanding public service and retirement; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Jekyll Island Authority Executive Director Jones Hooks on his outstanding public service and retirement; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Stanley, Pastor Reginald O.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Pastor Reginald O. Stanley; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Poder Latinx in Georgia; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the contributions of Poder Latinx in Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Good Samaritan Health Centers of Gwinnett; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Good Samaritan Health Centers of Gwinnett; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Morehouse School of Medicine; providing opportunities through its Physician Assistant program; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Morehouse School of Medicine for providing opportunities through its Physician Assistant program; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ashe, Robert L., III.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Robert L. Ashe III; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Wilson, Victor; outstanding service; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Victor Wilson on his outstanding service; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Freeman, Toni; South Paulding High School's 2023 Teacher of the Year; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Toni Freeman, South Paulding High School's 2023 Teacher of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Center for Civic Engagement and Engage Club programs; sponsor Youth Assembly among other programs that cultivate youth civic engagement; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Georgia Center for Civic Engagement and Engage Club programs, which sponsor Youth Assembly among other programs that cultivate youth civic engagement; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Kimbrough, Amos; outstanding public service; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Amos Kimbrough on his outstanding public service; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: McDonald, Cadet Corporal Lauren Wylie, IV.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Cadet Corporal Lauren Wylie McDonald IV; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Condemning Hinduphobia and anti-Hindu bigotry; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION condemning Hinduphobia and anti-Hindu bigotry; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dempsey, Gaines and Amy; 2023 Heart of the Community Award recipients; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the 2023 Heart of the Community Award recipients, Gaines and Amy Dempsey; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Walraven, Wesley; 2023 Heart of the Community Award recipient; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the 2023 Heart of the Community Award recipient Wesley Walraven; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ford, Gittings, and Kane Jewelers; 2023 Honor Business Award recipient; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the 2023 Honor Business Award recipient Ford, Gittings and Kane Jewelers; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Sanker, Kelly; 2023 Heart of the Community Award recipient; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the 2023 Heart of the Community Award recipient, Kelly Sanker; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Swearingen, Myles, Maya Reese, Macy McKenzie, Maya McKenzie, Madison Mitchko, Allison Lee, Maya Ballerstedt, and Kahmara Landrum; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Myles Swearingen, Maya Reese, Macy McKenzie, Maya McKenzie, Madison Mitchko, Allison Lee, Maya Ballerstedt, and Kahmara Landrum; and for other purposes
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: GPS Air; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending GPS Air; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Williams, Reverend Dr. Thomas E.; retirement; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Reverend Dr. Thomas E. Williams upon his retirement; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Mants, Robert "Bob", Jr.; contributions to society; condolences and honor. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and honoring the life and memory of Robert "Bob" Mants Jr. for his contributions to society; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Abdullah, Samia; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Samia Abdullah; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hill, Richmond D.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Richmond D. Hill; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Armster, Master Sergeant (Ret.) Joyce; receiving the 2023 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Master Sergeant (Ret.) Joyce Armster for receiving the 2023 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Cancer Control Consortium; part of Ga. Dept. of Public Health, HPV Cancer Free GA, Cancer Pathways, the Northwest Ga. Regional Cancer Coalition, & the Susan Jolley Awareness Program; contributions to cervical cancer education & awareness; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Georgia Cancer Control Consortium as part of the Georgia Department of Public Health, HPV Cancer Free GA, Cancer Pathways, the Northwest Georgia Regional Cancer Coalition, and the Susan Jolley Awareness Program for their exceptional contributions to cervical cancer education and awareness in Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Brown, Honorable Thomas E.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the Honorable Thomas E. Brown; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ferguson, Solomon; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Solomon Ferguson; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Thompson, Sgt. Terry "Poncho"; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Sgt. Terry "Poncho" Thompson; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Payne, Mr. Robert Lewis; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Mr. Robert Lewis Payne; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Crews, Brandy; going above and beyond to save the life of a citizen in need; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Brandy Crews for going above and beyond to save the life of a citizen in need; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Howard, G. Robert "Bob"; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of G. Robert "Bob" Howard; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Adejube, Mr. Bishop Adeyinka; CEO of International Trade Exchange, LLC; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring and commending Mr. Bishop Adeyinka Adejube, CEO of International Trade Exchange LLC; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ampomah, Diana; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Diana Ampomah; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Goldwire, Mother Thelma Roper; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Mother Thelma Roper Goldwire; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Martin, Reverend Dr. Kenneth B.; retirement; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Reverend Dr. Kenneth B. Martin upon his retirement; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Stanley, Reverend Robert J.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Reverend Robert J. Stanley; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Waycross-Ware County Chamber of Commerce; Leadership Waycross program; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Waycross-Ware County Chamber of Commerce and their Leadership Waycross program; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lewis, Reverend Alvin, Jr.; steps down after 42 years as pastor of Mays Grove Baptist Church; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and honoring Reverend Alvin Lewis Jr. as he steps down after 42 years as pastor of Mays Grove Baptist Church; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Warden, Cristin; 2023 Heart of the Community Award recipient; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the 2023 Heart of the Community Award recipient, Cristin Warden; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jacobs, President Bonita; North Georgia College and State University; retirement; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending President Bonita Jacobs of North Georgia College and State University upon her retirement; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: School Board Appreciation Week in Georgia; 03/13-17/23; commending the school board for Clayton County Public Schools; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the week of March 13-17, 2023, as School Board Appreciation Week in Georgia and commending the school board for Clayton County Public Schools; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Positive impact of golf on the State of Georgia; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the positive economic impact of golf on the State of Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Matemilola, Professor Saka; His Royal Majesty; the Oba Oluwu of Owu Kingdom; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending His Royal Majesty, the Oba Oluwu of Owu Kingdom Professor Saka Matemilola; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Kwarteng, Kwabena Poku; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Kwabena Poku Kwarteng; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hart County Chapter #2006 of AARP, Inc.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and honoring Hart County Chapter #2006 of AARP Inc.; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Mays, Director Fred; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Director Fred Mays; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: UGA School of Law LL.M. students Alexandra F. "Lexa" Lampe, John A. Omotunde, & Tatyana Popovkina; winning the tenth LL.M. International Commercial & Investment Arbitration Moot Competition & Olha Kaliuzhna; competition's best oralist; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating University of Georgia School of Law LL.M. students Alexandra F. "Lexa" Lampe, John A. Omotunde, and Tatyana Popovkina for winning the tenth LL.M. International Commercial & Investment Arbitration Moot Competition and Olha Kaliuzhna for being named the competition's best oralist; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Rose, Colonel (Ret.) Ron; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Colonel (Ret.) Ron Rose; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Third Annual Yoruba Cultural Days Celebration in Georgia; May 15-16, 2023; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the Third Annual Yoruba Cultural Days Celebration in Georgia on May 15-16, 2023; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Brown, First Sergeant (Ret.) Franklin; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending First Sergeant (Ret.) Franklin Brown; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Wickersham, Dr. Mary Eleanor; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing Dr. Mary Eleanor Wickersham; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Robinson, Jack; Model High School's 2023 STAR Student; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Jack Robinson, Model High School's 2023 STAR Student; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Phillips, Melissa; 2023 Heart of the Community Award recipient; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the 2023 Heart of the Community Award recipient, Melissa Phillips; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Akrayee, Heleen; Coosa High School's 2023 STAR Student; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Heleen Akrayee, Coosa High School's 2023 STAR Student; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Patel, Tanish; Trion High School's 2023 STAR Student; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Tanish Patel, Trion High School's 2023 STAR Student; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Villatoro, Jeremy; Chattooga High School's 2023 STAR Student; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Jeremy Villatoro, Chattooga High School's 2023 STAR Student; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Quality Rated Week in Georgia; April 24-28, 2023; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing April 24-28, 2023, as Quality Rated Week in Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hubbard-Brooks, Dr. Delores; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dr. Delores Hubbard-Brooks; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Mullin, Chief John; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Chief John Mullin; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dortch, Mr. Tommy; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Mr. Tommy Dortch; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Shultz, Commen; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Commen Shultz; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Mitcham, Mary Ann; more than 15 years of extraordinary contributions and devotion to the betterment of others in the City of Hampton and Henry County; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Mary Ann Mitcham for her more than 15 years of extraordinary contributions and devotion to the betterment of others in the City of Hampton and Henry County; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: J.C. Murphy High School Class of 1973; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the J.C. Murphy High School Class of 1973; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Rutledge, Melissa; 2023 Heart of the Community Award recipient; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the 2023 Heart of the Community Award recipient, Melissa Rutledge; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Mayor Donna L. Sartor Day; March 21, 2023; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 21, 2023, as Mayor Donya L. Sartor Day; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lithonia Chapter #3280 of AARP, Inc.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and honoring Lithonia Chapter #3280 of AARP Inc.; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Yarbrough, David; Chattooga High School's 2023 STAR Teacher; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending David Yarbrough, Chattooga High School's 2023 STAR Teacher; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bryant, Laura; Trion High School's 2023 STAR Teacher; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Laura Bryant, Trion High School's 2023 STAR Teacher; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Travis, Jacob; Model High School's 2023 STAR Teacher; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Jacob Travis, Model High School's 2023 STAR Teacher; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Windom, Laura; Coosa High School's 2023 STAR Teacher; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Laura Windom, Coosa High School's 2023 STAR Teacher; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Stingray Allstars - Scarlet; winning the Atlanta Athletic Championship; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Stingray Allstars - Scarlet for winning the Atlanta Athletic Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: House of Representatives convened; notify Senate. Description: A RESOLUTION to notify the Senate that the House of Representatives has convened; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Joint session; message from the Governor. Description: A RESOLUTION calling a joint session of the House of Representatives and the Senate for the purpose of hearing a message from the Governor; inviting the Justices of the Supreme Court and the Judges of the Court of Appeals to be present at the joint session; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Emir, Yunice J.; inaugural Essence Power 40 List; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Yunice J. Emir and congratulating her on her inclusion in the inaugural Essence Power 40 List; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Fearless Fund; 2023 Venture Capital Summit; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Fearless Fund upon their 2023 Venture Capital Summit; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: State Board of Pardons and Paroles; 80th anniversary; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and congratulating the State Board of Pardons and Paroles on the occasion of its 80th anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Theus, Peggy Usher; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Peggy Usher Theus; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Venable, John Michael; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of John Michael Venable; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Basset, Jack; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Jack Basset; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hadley, Steve; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Steve Hadley; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Thomas, Eric D.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Eric D. Thomas; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Sampson, Shanterria Shellman Alston; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Shanterria Shellman Alston Sampson; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, Inc.; 116th International Founders' Day; 01/15/24; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing January 15, 2024, as the Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, Inc.'s 116th International Founders' Day; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Adjournment; relative to. Description: A RESOLUTION relative to meetings and adjournments of the General Assembly; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Grogan, Dunwoody Police Chief William J. "Billy"; Georgia's 2023-2024 Outstanding Police Chief of the Year; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dunwoody Police Chief William J. "Billy" Grogan as Georgia's 2023-2024 Outstanding Police Chief of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Consulate-General of Japan in Atlanta; 50th anniversary; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the 50th anniversary of the Consulate-General of Japan in Atlanta; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Police Chiefs and Heads of Law Enforcement Agencies Recognition Day at the state capitol; 01/31/24; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing January 31, 2024, as Police Chiefs and Heads of Law Enforcement Agencies Recognition Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Johnson, Antonia "Toni"; recipient of the Social Services Professional of the Year award; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Antonia "Toni" Johnson, recipient of the Social Services Professional of the Year award; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Brooks, Karol; recipient of the Activity Director of the Year award; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Karol Brooks, recipient of the Activity Director of the Year award; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Huff, Renae; recipient of the Activities Assistant of the Year award; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Renae Huff, recipient of the Activities Assistant of the Year award; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Naming of the Coach Donald Stitcher Gymnasium; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the naming of the Coach Donald Stitcher Gymnasium; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ogoo, Agnes; recipient of the RN of the Year award; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Agnes Ogoo, recipient of the RN of the Year award; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Piper, Barbie; recipient of the LPN of the Year award; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Barbie Piper, recipient of the LPN of the Year award; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Kelley, Jennifer; recipient of the Emergency Preparedness Champion of Long Term Care award; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Jennifer Kelley, recipient of the Emergency Preparedness Champion of Long Term Care Award; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Sloan, Joann, recipient of the Administrator of the Year award; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Joann Sloan, recipient of the Administrator of the Year award; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Davis, Jackie; recipient of the CNA of the Year award; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Jackie Davis, recipient of the CNA of the Year award; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: High, Angela; recipient of the New Administrator of the Year award; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Angela High, recipient of the New Administrator of The Year award; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cooper, Jill; recipient of the Assisted Living Administrator of the Year award; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Jill Cooper, recipient of the Assisted Living Administrator of the Year award; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Martin, Tammie; recipient of the Elderly & Disabled Waiver Case Management Nurse Case Manager Leadership award; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Tammie Martin, recipient of the Elderly & Disabled Waiver Case Management Nurse Case Manager Leadership Award; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Norris, David Thad; recipient of the Elderly & Disabled Waiver Case Management Social Worker Case Manager Leadership award; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending David Thad Norris, recipient of the Elderly & Disabled Waiver Case Management Social Worker Case Manager Leadership Award; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Weaver, Sheila; recipient of the Elderly & Disabled Waiver Case Management Administrative Support Leadership award; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Sheila Weaver, recipient of the Elderly & Disabled Waiver Case Management Administrative Support Leadership Award; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: National Guard Day at the state capitol; January 25, 2024; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing January 25, 2024, as National Guard Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Rebecca Martin Home and Garden Club; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Rebecca Martin Home and Garden Club; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Kombou, Yves; recipient of the Engineering & Environmental Services Champion of Long Term Care award; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Yves Kombou, recipient of the Engineering & Environmental Services Champion of Long Term Care Award; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: McGruder, Mary Helen and Dr. John; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Mary Helen and Dr. John McGruder; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Luedke, Dalton; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Dalton Luedke; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lindenmayer, Captain Jim; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Captain Jim Lindenmayer; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Local government; temporary loans are payable from end of calendar year to 12 months of initial funding date; change date - CA. Description: A RESOLUTION proposing an amendment to the Constitution so as to change the date by which temporary loans for counties, municipalities, and other political subdivisions of this state are payable in full from the end of the calendar year to within 12 months of the initial funding date of the loans; to provide for related matters; to provide for the submission of this amendment for ratification or rejection; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Joint session; message from Chief Justice of the Supreme Court. Description: A RESOLUTION calling a joint session of the House of Representatives and the Senate for the purpose of hearing a message from the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court; inviting each other Justice of the Supreme Court and each Judge of the Court of Appeals to be present at the joint session; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: State Election Board; call for nomination and election of chairperson. Description: A RESOLUTION to call for the nomination and election of the chairperson of the State Election Board; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Seay, Senator Valencia; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Senator Valencia Seay; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Baranko, Katrina; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Katrina Baranko; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bailey, Jack; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Jack Bailey; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Moss, Phillippa; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Phillippa Moss; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: University of Georgia 4-H Program; Thomas Holt, Melanie Biersmith, and the 2023-2024 4-H leadership teams and award winners and recognizing 02/14/24, as 4-H Day at the state capitol; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the University of Georgia 4-H Program, Thomas Holt, Melanie Biersmith, and the 2023-2024 4-H leadership teams and award winners and recognizing February 14, 2024, as 4-H Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Tobin, Gabrielle; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Gabrielle Tobin; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Austin, Colonel Marc J.; exceptional military career; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Colonel Marc J. Austin for his exceptional military career; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Miss Georgia Peach Scholarship Pageant and the 2023 Georgia Peach Queens; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Miss Georgia Peach Scholarship Pageant and the 2023 Georgia Peach Queens; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, Inc.; 111 years of service; 01/29/24, as Delta Day at the state capitol; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, Inc. for its 111 years of service and recognizing January 29, 2024, as Delta Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Rudder, Command Sergeant Major Brandon B.; exceptional military career; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Command Sergeant Major Brandon B. Rudder for his exceptional military career; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Thomas County Central Yellow Jackets; winning the 2023 GHSA Class 6A State Football Championship; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Thomas County Central Yellow Jackets for winning the 2023 GHSA Class 6A State Football Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Letteney, Chief John; outstanding public service in law enforcement; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Chief John Letteney on his outstanding public service in law enforcement; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Wilson, Colonel Jeremy; exceptional military career; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Colonel Jeremy Wilson on his exceptional military career; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cuthbertson, Lieutenant Colonel Robert C.; exceptional military career; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Lieutenant Colonel Robert C. Cuthbertson for his exceptional military career; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Atlanta Vibe; professional women's indoor volleyball team; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Atlanta Vibe professional women's indoor volleyball team; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Congenital Heart Defect Awareness Week at the state capitol; 02/07-14/24; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 7 to 14, 2024, as Congenital Heart Defect Awareness Week at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: International Holocaust Remembrance Day; January 27, 2024; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing January 27, 2024, as International Holocaust Remembrance Day; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Magee, Yolanda Hollins; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Yolanda Hollins Magee; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Walton, Helen Rouse; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Helen Rouse Walton; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Easterseals and all its Georgia chapters; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Easterseals and all its Georgia chapters; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia FFA Association; FFA Day at the state capitol; 02/20/24; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Georgia FFA Association and recognizing February 20, 2024, as FFA Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hannah, Mayor Betty; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Mayor Betty Hannah; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: American Foundation for Suicide Prevention and its Georgia chapter; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the American Foundation for Suicide Prevention and its Georgia chapter; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hester, Lance; outstanding public service as an emergency medical services provider; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Lance Hester on his outstanding public service as an emergency medical services provider; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Meadows, Wilmond "Antoine"; outstanding public service; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Wilmond "Antoine " Meadows on his outstanding public service; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cheatham, Kiesha; outstanding public service as an emergency management specialist; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Kiesha Cheatham on her outstanding public service as an emergency management specialist; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: McIntyre, Sgt. Marc Andrew; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Sgt. Marc Andrew McIntyre; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Larch, Diane; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Diane Larch; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ayers, Margaret Lee; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Margaret Lee Ayers; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Simmons, Tyler Jesse; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Tyler Jesse Simmons; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Korean American Day at the state capitol; January 13, 2024; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing January 13, 2024, as Korean American Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Loganville Christian Academy Varsity Volleyball Team; winning the 2023 Georgia Independent Athletic Association State Championship; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and congratulating the Loganville Christian Academy Varsity Volleyball Team on winning the 2023 Georgia Independent Athletic Association State Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Speech-Language-Hearing Association; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Georgia Speech-Language-Hearing Association; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Khan, Masood; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Masood Khan; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ceek to Fulfill; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Ceek to Fulfill; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Green, Kevin; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Kevin Green; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cheri, Neko; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Neko Cheri; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Latino Day at the state capitol; January 30, 2024; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing January 30, 2024, as Latino Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Syed, Dilawar; positive impact on small businesses; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dilawar Syed for his positive impact on small businesses; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Coalition for Global Hepatitis Elimination of the Task Force for Global Health; headquartered in Decatur, Georgia; commitment to eliminating viral hepatitis as a health threat for Georgians, the United States, and globally; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Coalition for Global Hepatitis Elimination of the Task Force for Global Health, headquartered in Decatur, Georgia, for their commitment to eliminating viral hepatitis as a health threat for Georgians, the United States, and globally; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: United States Capitol Law Enforcement; protecting the United States Capitol and legislators during the attack on January 6, 2021; honor. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the United States Capitol Law Enforcement for protecting the United States Capitol and legislators during the attack on January 6, 2021; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: 2024 Lunar New Year Celebration; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the 2024 Lunar New Year Celebration; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Badyal, Yohance; Cynthia Bai; students at Alpharetta High School; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Yohance Badyal and Cynthia Bai; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Keith Jackson Memorial Intersection "Whoa Nellie"; Carroll County; dedicate. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life of Mr. Keith Jackson and dedicating an intersection in his memory; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Houston County Bears baseball team; winning the 2023 GHSA Class 6A State Baseball Championship; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Houston County Bears baseball team for winning the 2023 GHSA Class 6A State Baseball Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Keep Georgia Beautiful Day at the state capitol; February 8, 2024; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 8, 2024, as Keep Georgia Beautiful Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: FBI Atlanta Citizens Academy Alumni Association; helping the community by promoting an understanding of public safety and security; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the FBI Atlanta Citizens Academy Alumni Association for helping the community by promoting an understanding of public safety and security; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, Inc.; Atlanta Alumnae Chapter; 100 years; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Atlanta Alumnae Chapter of Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, Inc. for its 100 years of service; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Tomlin, Marlene; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Marlene Tomlin; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Chapter of the Association of Physicians of Pakistani Descent North America (GA APPNA); impact on the medical profession, the Pakistani Diaspora, and their local communities; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the Georgia Chapter of the Association of Physicians of Pakistani Descent North America (GA APPNA) for their impact on the medical profession, the Pakistani Diaspora, and their local communities; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: National Association of Hispanic Real Estate Professionals Atlanta; impact on the Hispanic community; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the work of the National Association of Hispanic Real Estate Professionals Atlanta and their impact on the Hispanic community; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Association of Physicians of Indian Heritage (GAPI); impact on the medical profession, the Indian Diaspora, and its local communities; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the Georgia Association of Physicians of Indian Heritage (GAPI) for its impact on the medical profession, the Indian Diaspora, and its local communities; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Stallion, Reverend Dr. David L., Sr.; 8th pastoral anniversary at Mt. Pilgrim Baptist Church; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Reverend Dr. David L. Stallion Sr. on the occasion of his eighth pastoral anniversary at Mt. Pilgrim Baptist Church; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Brown, Kornisha McGill; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Kornisha McGill Brown; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Booker, Mrs. Juanita Carson; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Mrs. Juanita Carson Booker; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Girl Scout Day at the state capitol; February 6, 2024; commending Girl Scouts as a national leader in providing the best leadership development experience in the world to American girls; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 6, 2024, as Girl Scout Day at the state capitol and commending Girl Scouts as a national leader in providing the best leadership development experience in the world to American girls; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: 2024 Georgia Single Parent Legacy Builders Recognition and Awards finalists, the 2024 Georgia Single Parent Overcomer Founder Award finalists, and the 2024 Georgia Single Parent Ruth Brewster Endurance Award recipients; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending the 2024 Georgia Single Parent Legacy Builders Recognition and Awards finalists, the 2024 Georgia Single Parent Overcomer Founder Award finalists, and the 2024 Georgia Single Parent Ruth Brewster Endurance Award recipients for their accomplishments; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Murphy, Late Thomas B.; 69th Speaker of the Georgia House of Representatives; 100th anniversary of his birth; honor. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the late Thomas B. Murphy, 69th Speaker of the Georgia House of Representatives, on the 100th anniversary of his birth; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jacobs, Dr. Tom; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Dr. Tom Jacobs; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ghioto, Samuel; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Samuel Ghioto; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Wadkins, Robert "Bob", Sr.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Robert "Bob" Wadkins, Sr.; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: LaVoy, Jacob; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Jacob LaVoy; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Sheridan, Phoenix; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Phoenix Sheridan; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Cancer Control Consortium; part of the Georgia Department of Public Health, HPV Cancer Free GA, Cancer Pathway, and The Susan Jolley Awareness Program; exceptional contributions to cervical cancer education and awareness in Georgia; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Georgia Cancer Control Consortium as part of the Georgia Department of Public Health, HPV Cancer Free GA, Cancer Pathway, and The Susan Jolley Awareness Program for their exceptional contributions to cervical cancer education and awareness in Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: First flight of the Lockheed Martin C-130 Hercules transport aircraft; 70th anniversary; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commemorating the 70th anniversary of the first flight of the Lockheed Martin C-130 Hercules transport aircraft; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Galloway, Honorable Rachel; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Honorable Rachel Galloway; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Kwan, Honorable Rosaline; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Honorable Rosaline Kwan; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Yousaf, Hamza; 1st elected ethnic minority and Muslim First Minister of Scotland; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Hamza Yousaf for being the first elected ethnic minority and Muslim First Minister of Scotland; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Inka, Apu; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating Apu Inka; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Toscano de Leger, Veronica; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Veronica Toscano de Leger; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Government Liaison Office of Guanajuato in Georgia; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Government Liaison Office of Guanajuato in Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bueno Energy Drink; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Bueno Energy Drink; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: The Vietnamese Women's Association of Georgia; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending The Vietnamese Women's Association of Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Forsyth County delegation in the House of Representatives; preserving the current total homestead exemption provided to certain senior citizen residents of the Forsyth County school district; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the commitment of the Forsyth County delegation in the House of Representatives to preserving the current total homestead exemption provided to certain senior citizen residents of the Forsyth County school district; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hardnett, Pastor Dequindrae; 16th pastoral anniversary; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Pastor Dequindrae Hardnett on the occasion of his 16th pastoral anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Sudduth, Division Chief Keith; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Division Chief Keith Sudduth; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: University of North Georgia women's softball team; winning the 2023 NCAA Championship; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the University of North Georgia women's softball team for winning the 2023 NCAA Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hall, Senior Paster Dr. Darrell E.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Senior Pastor Dr. Darrell E. Hall; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Wear Red Day; February 1, 2024; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 1, 2024, as Wear Red Day; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Gotcha Covered Blankets program; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Gotcha Covered Blankets program; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Blanks, Graham; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Graham Blanks; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Prince Avenue Fastpitch Softball Team; winning the 2023 GHSA Class A Division One State Softball Championship; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Prince Avenue Fastpitch Softball Team for winning the 2023 GHSA Class A Division One State Softball Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Prince Avenue Christian School football team; winning the GHSA Single A-Division I Varsity Football State Championship; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Prince Avenue Christian School football team for winning the GHSA Single A-Division I Varsity Football State Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hyman, Traves; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Traves Hyman; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Allen, Grady; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Grady Allen; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Clark, Mr. Darrell Lee; compensate. Description: A RESOLUTION compensating Mr. Darrell Lee Clark; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Watkins, Mr. Joseph Samuel; compensate. Description: A RESOLUTION compensating Mr. Joseph Samuel Watkins; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Wheeler, Martha; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Martha Wheeler; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Several nurses at Piedmont Henry Hospital; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending several nurses at Piedmont Henry Hospital; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Fapohunda, Dr. Tope; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Dr. Tope Fapohunda; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Sea, Dr. Tamika; Shannon Mayfield; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Dr. Tamika Sea and Shannon Mayfield; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: American Heart Month in Macon-Bibb County; February, 2024; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February, 2024, as American Heart Month in Macon-Bibb County; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Third Infantry Division Day at the state capitol; January 31, 2024; Third Infantry Division of the United States Army at Fort Stewart-Hunter Army Airfield; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Third Infantry Division of the United States Army at Fort Stewart-Hunter Army Airfield and recognizing January 31, 2024, as Third Infantry Division Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Maternal Health Awareness Day; January 23, 2024; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing January 23, 2024, as Maternal Health Awareness Day; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Leftwich, William; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating William Leftwich; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hall, Trevor; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Trevor Hall; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Children's Advocacy Centers of Georgia Day in the State of Georgia; February 7, 2024; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 7, 2024, as Children's Advocacy Centers of Georgia Day in the State of Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Career and Technical Education Month; February 2024; Georgia Career and Technical Student Organizations Day at the state capitol; February 22, 2024; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 2024 as Career and Technical Education Month and February 22, 2024, as Georgia Career and Technical Student Organizations Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Farm Bureau Federation Day at the state capitol; 02/13/24; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 13, 2024, as Georgia Farm Bureau Federation Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Albany Area Chamber of Commerce; Albany-Dougherty County Day at the state capitol; January 30, 2024; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Albany Area Chamber of Commerce and recognizing January 30, 2024, as Albany-Dougherty County Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Russell, William A. (Bill), III; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of William A. (Bill) Russell III; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Wims, Fountain B.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Fountain B. Wims; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Gwinnett Chamber Day at the state capitol; February 6, 2024; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 6, 2024, as Gwinnett Chamber Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Golden Isle Greenway; official corridor in Georgia; designate. Description: A RESOLUTION designating the Golden Isle Greenway as an official corridor in Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jackson, Cameron; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Cameron Jackson; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Gunby, Collette Lewis; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Collette Lewis Gunby; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hubert, Zack and Camilla; honor legacy. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the legacy of Zack and Camilla Hubert; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Fazili, Sameera; public policy work on economic, industrial, and supply chain issues; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Sameera Fazili for her public policy work on economic, industrial, and supply chain issues; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: 2024 Bayard-Rustin/Audre Lorde Breakfast; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the 2024 Bayard-Rustin/Audre Lorde Breakfast; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Naim, Dr. Syed Rashid; academic impact on the students of Georgia; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dr. Syed Rashid Naim for his academic impact on the students of Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bynum, Dr. Juanita; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Dr. Juanita Bynum; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Williams, Palmer, Jr.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Palmer Williams Jr.; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Brunswick Kiwanis; 100th anniversary; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Brunswick Kiwanis upon its 100th anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia State University's Legislative Health Policy Certificate Program and Advanced Health Policy Institute; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Georgia State University's Legislative Health Policy Certificate Program and Advanced Health Policy Institute; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Atlanta Jewish Film Festival; 24th year; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Atlanta Jewish Film Festival and recognizing its 24th year; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Perry High School Panthers football team; winning the 2023 GHSA Class 4A State Football Championship; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Perry High School Panthers football team for winning the 2023 GHSA Class 4A State Football Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Guerrero, Tony; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Tony Guerrero; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Doan, Le Dam; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Le Dam Doan; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Tardive Dyskinesia Awareness Week; May 5 - 11, 2024; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing May 5 to 11, 2024, as Tardive Dyskinesia Awareness Week; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hemophilia of Georgia; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing Hemophilia of Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Goodman, Nora Wood; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Nora Wood Goodman; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Military College; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Georgia Military College; and for other purposes
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Academy of Audiology; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Georgia Academy of Audiology; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Global Minority Entrepreneurs Week; April 1-7, 2024; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION naming April 1 through 7, 2024, as Global Minority Entrepreneurs Week; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Crawford, Carol; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Carol Crawford; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: National School Counseling Week; February 5-9, 2024; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the week of February 5-9, 2024, as National School Counseling Week; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: The Links, Incorporated; Georgia Links Day at the capitol; 02/05/24; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending The Links, Incorporated and recognizing February 5, 2024, as the Georgia Links Day At The Capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Firefighters Recognition Day at the state capitol; February 6, 2024; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring and commending the firefighters of Georgia and recognizing February 6, 2024, as Firefighters Recognition Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Psychological Association; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Georgia Psychological Association; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Rotary Club of Newnan; 100th anniversary; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Rotary Club of Newnan upon its 100th anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Master Gardener Extension Volunteers; 45th anniversary of the program in Georgia; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the service of Georgia Master Gardener Extension Volunteers on the 45th anniversary of the program in Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Wisenbaker, Ms. Sandra Nadeau; dedicated service to the citizens of the State of Georgia as the Solicitor-General of Coweta County; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Ms. Sandra Nadeau Wisenbaker for her dedicated service to the citizens of the State of Georgia as the Solicitor-General of Coweta County; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia First Generation Foundation (Georgia FirstGen); helping first-generation students achieve a post-secondary education; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the Georgia First Generation Foundation (Georgia FirstGen) for helping first-generation students achieve a post-secondary education; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Beard, Phillip; work and impact on the City of Buford; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing Phillip Beard for his work and impact on the City of Buford; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Burning Flames; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Burning Flames; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Burks, Beverly; outstanding public service; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Beverly Burks on her outstanding public service; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Milteer, Le'Dor; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Le'Dor Milteer; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bantan, Asa; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Asa Bantan; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Oyeneye, Adeseun; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Adeseun Oyeneye; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dyslexia Day at the state capitol; January 31, 2024; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing January 31, 2024, as Dyslexia Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: "Our Money United"; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending "Our Money United"; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Atlanta Fire Department; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Atlanta Fire Department; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Tucker, Stan; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Stan Tucker; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Greater North Fulton Chamber of Commerce; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Greater North Fulton Chamber of Commerce; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Southeast Bulloch Flag Football Team; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Southeast Bulloch Flag Football Team; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Willis, Rex "RJ", Jr.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Rex "RJ" Willis, Jr.; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Thomas-Smith, Teresa; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Teresa Thomas-Smith; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Mealing, Angellette; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Angellette Mealing; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Post-Traumatic Stress Injury Awareness Day; June 27, 2024; Georgia Post-Traumatic Stress Injury Awareness Month; June 2024; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing June 27 as Georgia Post-Traumatic Stress Injury Awareness Day and recognizing June as Georgia Post-Traumatic Stress Injury Awareness Month; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Rumbaugh, Thaden; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Thaden Rumbaugh; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Murrer, Evan and Jax; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Evan and Jax Murrer; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Rabun County; Waterfall Capital of Georgia; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing Rabun County as the Waterfall Capital of Georgia, and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Lions Lighthouse Foundation; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Georgia Lions Lighthouse Foundation; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Adjournment; relative to. Description: A RESOLUTION relative to meetings and adjournments of the General Assembly; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Smith, Richard; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Richard Smith; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Moffett, Sgt. Breonna Alexsondria; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Sgt. Breonna Alexsondria Moffett; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Several living legends of music and theater; celebration of Black History Month; their contributions to Georgia, the country, and the world; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending several living legends of music and theater in celebration of Black History Month and their contributions to Georgia, the country, and the world; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Hearing Day at the state capitol; February 20, 2024; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 20, 2024, as Georgia Hearing Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cedar Grove High School Saints football team of the DeKalb School District; winning the 2023 GHSA Class 3A State Football Championship; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Cedar Grove High School Saints football team of the DeKalb County School District for winning the 2023 GHSA Class 3A State Football Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jackson County EMS's operation; 50th anniversary; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the 50th anniversary of Jackson County EMS's operation; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: King, Dexter Scott; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Dexter Scott King; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Arts Day in Georgia; February 5, 2024; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 5, 2024, as Georgia Arts Day in Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Thomas, "Able" Mable; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending "Able" Mable Thomas; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Asian American Advocacy Fund and Asian American Advancing Justice--Atlanta in Georgia; 11th annual Asian American Advocacy Day; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the contributions of the Asian American Advocacy Fund and Asian American Advancing Justice--Atlanta in Georgia on their 11th annual Asian American Advocacy Day; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Effingham County Day at the capitol; saluting the Effingham County Chamber of Commerce; February 5, 2024; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 5, 2024, as Effingham County Day at the capitol and saluting the Effingham County Chamber of Commerce; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Morehouse School of Medicine; providing opportunities through its Physician Assistant program; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Morehouse School of Medicine for providing opportunities through its Physician Assistant program; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Schmelz, Mrs. Mildred; 2024 Distinguished Older Georgian; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Mrs. Mildred Schmelz, the 2024 Distinguished Older Georgian; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Freeman, Gloria Elizabeth; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Gloria Elizabeth Freeman; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia State University Athletic Department; accomplishments in athletics and academics in 2023; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Georgia State University Athletic Department for its accomplishments in athletics and academics in 2023; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Transit Day at the state capitol; February 12, 2024; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 12, 2024, as Transit Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: National Cancer Prevention Month; 02/24; recognize; Dr. Jandria "Jan" Jackson; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February as National Cancer Prevention Month and commending Dr. Jandria "Jan" Jackson; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: National Cancer Prevention Month; February 2024; recognize; Dr. Makeeta Rayton; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February as National Cancer Prevention Month and commending Dr. Makeeta Rayton; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Association of REALTORS; REALTOR Day at the Dome; 02/08/24; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Georgia Association of REALTORS and recognizing February 8, 2024, as REALTOR Day at the Dome; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Harris, Frederic Alan "Fred"; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Frederic Alan "Fred" Harris; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Statewide Independent Living Council of Georgia; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Statewide Independent Living Council of Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Physical Therapy Day at the state capitol; February 6, 2024; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 6, 2024, as Physical Therapy Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Catoosa County Public Schools Superintendent's Student Advisory Council; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending members of the Catoosa County Public Schools Superintendent's Student Advisory Council; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Family and Consumer Sciences; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Family and Consumer Sciences; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: University of Georgia Women's Soccer team; outstanding 2023 season; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the University of Georgia Women's Soccer team for an outstanding 2023 season; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Boone, Pastor Dwight; occasion of his 17th pastoral anniversary; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Pastor Dwight Boone and congratulating him on the occasion of his 17th pastoral anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Pressley, Onie; Columbia Elementary School's 2023-2024 Teacher of the Year; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Onie Pressley, Columbia Elementary School's 2023-2024 Teacher of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Land, Delmar Laselle, Jr.; named Gilmer County Citizen of the Year; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Delmar Laselle Land, Jr., on being named the Gilmer County Citizen of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: National Conference of State Legislatures; 50th anniversary in 2025; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the National Conference of State Legislatures on its 50th anniversary in 2025; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: GreyStone Power Corporation; outstanding service to its members; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending GreyStone Power Corporation for outstanding service to its members; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Perimeter College at Georgia State University; grand occasion of its 60th anniversary; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and celebrating Perimeter College at Georgia State University on the grand occasion of its 60th anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Future Business Leaders of America Week in the State of Georgia; 02/11-17/24; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 11-17, 2024, as Future Business Leaders of America Week in the State of Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: National Vending Day in the State of Georgia; March 7, 2024; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 7, 2024, as National Vending Day in the State of Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Restaurant industry of Georgia; State Restaurant Day at the state capitol; February 21, 2024; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the restaurant industry of Georgia and recognizing February 21, 2024, as State Restaurant Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Snellings, Mr. Reshard; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Mr. Reshard Snellings; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Black Business Expansion Day; February 5, 2024; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 5, 2024, as Black Business Expansion Day; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: America's borders; support increased protections. Description: A RESOLUTION supporting increased protections for America's borders; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Local government; option to offer a state-wide homestead exemption from ad valorem taxes when current year assessed value exceeds base year value; provide - CA. Description: A RESOLUTION proposing an amendment to the Constitution so as to provide for local governments to have the option to offer a state-wide homestead exemption from ad valorem taxes in an amount equal to any amount by which the current year assessed value of a homestead exceeds the base year value of such homestead as provided by general law; to provide for the submission of this amendment for ratification or rejection; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Local government; option to offer a state-wide homestead exemption from ad valorem taxes when current year assessed value exceeds the inflation rate; provide - CA. Description: A RESOLUTION proposing an amendment to the Constitution so as to provide for local governments to have the option to offer a state-wide homestead exemption from ad valorem taxes in an amount equal to any amount by which the current year assessed value of a homestead exceeds the inflation rate from the adjusted base year value of such homestead as provided by general law; to provide for the submission of this amendment for ratification or rejection; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Sanders, Sergeant Kennedy Ladon; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Sergeant Kennedy Ladon Sanders; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Stand With Survivors Day at the state capitol; February 7, 2024; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 7, 2024, as Stand With Survivors Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Clark Atlanta University Day (CAU) at the state capitol; 02/20/24; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 20, 2024, as Clark Atlanta University Day (CAU) at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Taiwan; its relations with the United States and the State of Georgia; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Taiwan for its relations with the United States and the State of Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Professional Association of Georgia Educators (PAGE); PAGE Day at the state capitol; 02/20/24; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Professional Association of Georgia Educators (PAGE) and recognizing February 20, 2024, as PAGE Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dental Hygienists Appreciation Day; February 8, 2024; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 8, 2024, as Dental Hygienists Appreciation Day; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Morris, Raheem; selection as head coach of the Atlanta Falcons; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Raheem Morris upon his selection as head coach of the Atlanta Falcons; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Urban League of Greater Atlanta Young Professionals and the Urban League of the River Valley Young Professionals; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Urban League of Greater Atlanta Young Professionals and the Urban League of the River Valley Young Professionals; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cockeram, Toni; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Toni Cockeram; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bailey, Charles; occasion of his retirement; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Charles Bailey upon the occasion of his retirement; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: NAACP National Office; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the NAACP National Office; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia's Community Service Boards; Community Service Boards Day at the state capitol; February 13, 2024; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Georgia's Community Service Boards and recognizing February 13, 2024, as Community Service Boards Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Postell, Richard; Henry County Public Schools' 2023 Teacher of the Year; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Richard Postell on being named Henry County Public Schools' 2023 Teacher of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Yeager, Joe; outstanding public service with the Georgia Department of Natural Resources; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Joe Yeager on his outstanding public service with the Georgia Department of Natural Resources; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Joint Study Committee on Judicial System Compensation; create. Description: A RESOLUTION creating the Joint Study Committee on Judicial System Compensation; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Massey, PFC Hester Givens; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of PFC Hester Givens Massey; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Fancher, Andrew "Drew" Parkes; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Andrew "Drew" Parkes Fancher; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: McKinney, James Harold; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of James Harold McKinney; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Harris, Nancy; outstanding public service as mayor of Duluth; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Nancy Harris on her outstanding public service as mayor of Duluth; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: New Americans Day at the state capitol; February 13, 2024; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 13, 2024, as New Americans Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Together Georgia; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing Together Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Engineers Day at the state capitol; February 13, 2024; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 13, 2024, as Engineers Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lunar New Year Day at the state capitol; February 15, 2024; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 15, 2024, as Lunar New Year Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: The Vibha Dream Mile; 25th anniversary; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending The Vibha Dream Mile upon its 25th anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: School Social Workers Association of Georgia; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the School Social Workers Association of Georgia for its work; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Franklin, H. Lehman; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending H. Lehman Franklin; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Kitchens-Thurmond, Phyliss; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Phyliss Kitchens-Thurmond; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Alzheimer's Awareness Day in Georgia; February 22, 2024; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 22, 2024, as Alzheimer's Awareness Day in Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hodges, Carlton; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Carlton Hodges; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Chapter of National Organization of Black Law Enforcement Executives (NOBLE); 40 years of service; Georgia Chapter of NOBLE Day at the state capitol; March 03/07/24; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Georgia Chapter of National Organization of Black Law Enforcement Executives (NOBLE) for its 40 years of service and recognizing March 7, 2024, as Georgia Chapter of NOBLE Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Black maternal health statistics; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing Black maternal health statistics; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Small businesses; Women Owned Business Day at the state capitol; March 5, 2024; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending small businesses and recognizing March 5, 2024, as Women Owned Business Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Department of Audits and Accounts; 100th anniversary; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Georgia Department of Audits and Accounts upon its 100th anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority Inc. Day at the state capitol; 02/12/24; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 12, 2024, as Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority Inc. Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Clayton County Chamber of Commerce and its Leadership Clayton Class of 2024; Leadership Clayton Day at the state capitol; February 8, 2024; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Clayton County Chamber of Commerce and its Leadership Clayton Class of 2024 and recognizing February 8, 2024, as Leadership Clayton Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Center for Civic Engagement and Engage Club programs; sponsor Youth Assembly among other programs that cultivate youth civic engagement; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Georgia Center for Civic Engagement and Engage Club programs, which sponsor Youth Assembly among other programs that cultivate youth civic engagement; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia's working women; contributions toward building strong families and supporting the Georgia economy; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Georgia's working women for their contributions toward building strong families and supporting the Georgia economy; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Iranian people; desire for a democratic, secular, and non-nuclear Republic of Iran; express support. Description: A RESOLUTION expressing support for the Iranian people's desire for a democratic, secular, and non-nuclear Republic of Iran and condemning violations of human rights and state sponsored terrorism by the Iranian government; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Long, Brianna; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Brianna Long; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dennard, Richard Marion; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Richard Marion Dennard; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Causey, Eldred; occasion of his 100th birthday; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Eldred Causey on the occasion of his 100th birthday; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Kia's vehicle manufacturing and impact on the state; Kia Day at the state capitol; February 13, 2024; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Kia's vehicle manufacturing and impact on the state and recognizing February 13, 2024, as Kia Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: National Federation of Independent Business (NFIB) in Georgia; NFIB's Small Business Day at the state capitol; February 13, 2024; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the National Federation of Independent Business (NFIB) in Georgia and recognizing February 13, 2024, as NFIB's Small Business Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Future Business Leaders of America Week in the State of Georgia; February 11-17, 2024; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 11-17, 2024, as Future Business Leaders of America Week in the State of Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Speech; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Speech; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Prescribed Fire Awareness Week; February 5-9, 2024; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 5-9, 2024, as Prescribed Fire Awareness Week; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Omega Day at the state capitol; February 13, 2024; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 13, 2024, as Omega Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Thurmond, Michael L.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Michael L. Thurmond; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: F. J. Torras Causeway; 100th anniversary; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the 100th anniversary of the F.J. Torras Causeway; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Asian Times; 20th anniversary; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Georgia Asian Times and congratulating it on its 20th anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Vietnamese American Community of Georgia; 30th anniversary; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Vietnamese American Community of Georgia and congratulating it on its 30th anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Virguez, Luis; Virguez Law; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Luis Virguez and Virguez Law; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Johnson High School Knights; winning the 2023 GHSA Class 4A State Soccer Championship and the 2023 National Soccer Championship; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Johnson High School Knights for winning the 2023 GHSA Class 4A State Soccer Championship and the 2023 National Soccer Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Henry, Lt. Col. Eugene, Jr.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Lt. Col. Eugene Henry Jr.; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Wardley, Evangelist Lillian Richardson; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Evangelist Lillian Richardson Wardley; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Smith, Bobby "Blue"; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Bobby "Blue" Smith; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Gignilliat, Arthur M., Jr.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Arthur M. Gignilliat Jr.; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Killings, Emma Jean Gore; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Erma Jean Gore Killings; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jackson, Cameron; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Cameron Jackson; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Morehouse College; Morehouse Day at the state capitol; February 14, 2024; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring Morehouse College and recognizing February 14, 2024, as Morehouse Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Students of Morehouse College; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the students of Morehouse College; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Burke, Community Supervision Officer Christopher; Department of Community Supervision 2023 Officer of the Year; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Community Supervision Officer Christopher Burke, the Department of Community Supervision 2023 Officer of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Moses, Edwin; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring and recognizing Edwin Moses; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Law Enforcement Appreciation Day at the Capitol; February 22, 2024; recognize; law enforcement officers in Georgia; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 22, 2024, as Law Enforcement Appreciation Day at the Capitol and commending law enforcement officers in Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Benson, Alex; his company Born to Compete; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Alex Benson and his company, Born To Compete; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cedartown High School Game Day Cheerleaders; winning the GHSA 3A-4A Division State Game Day Cheerleaders 2023 Championship; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Cedartown High School Game Day Cheerleaders for winning the GHSA 3A-4A Division State Game Day Cheerleaders 2023 Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Sex Trafficking Awareness Day at the state capitol; February 27, 2024; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 27, 2024, as Sex Trafficking Awareness Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dean, Oliver L., II; Region VI 2024 Principal of the Year; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Oliver L. Dean II, Region VI 2024 Principal of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Mercer University School of Law; 150th anniversary; Mercer Law Day at the state capitol; 02/13/24; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Mercer University School of Law upon its 150th anniversary and recognizing February 13, 2024, as Mercer Law Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Americus-Sumter County; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Americus-Sumter County; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Association of Broadcasters Day at the state capitol; 02/28/24; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 28, 2024, as the Georgia Association of Broadcasters Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hudson, Jennifer Toliver; Toney Elementary School's 2023-2024 Teacher of the Year; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Jennifer Toliver Hudson, Toney Elementary School's 2023-2024 Teacher of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cobb County Sheriff's Office; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Cobb County Sheriff's Office; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Barrow County's 2024 STAR Students and STAR Teachers; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Barrow County's 2024 STAR Students and STAR Teachers; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia residents who have type 1 diabetes and who families continually educate and advocate; commend; Type 1 Diabetes Day at the state capitol; March 1, 2024; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Georgia residents who have type 1 diabetes and whose families continually educate and advocate and recognizing March 14, 2024, as Type 1 Diabetes Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Licensed Professional Counselors Appreciation Day at the state capitol; 01/31/24; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing January 31, 2024, as Licensed Professional Counselors Appreciation Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Property; granting of nonexclusive easements; authorize. Description: A RESOLUTION authorizing the granting of nonexclusive easements for the construction, installation, operation, and maintenance of facilities, utilities, roads, and ingresses and egresses in, on, over, under, upon, across, or through property owned by the State of Georgia in Appling, Barrow, Clarke, Colquitt, Cobb, Dade, Douglas, Fulton, Laurens, Newton, Paulding, Stewart, Sumter, Tattnall, Telfair, Troup, and Walton Counties; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws, and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hilton-Jacobs, Lawrence; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Lawrence Hilton-Jacobs; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Property; conveyance of certain state owned property; authorize. Description: A RESOLUTION authorizing the lease of certain state owned property located in Chatham County; authorizing the conveyance of certain state owned property located in Houston County; authorizing the lease of certain state owned property located in Paulding County; authorizing the conveyance of certain state owned property located in Walker County; and authorizing the conveyance of certain state owned property in White County; to provide for related matters; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Baker, Henry C., Sr.; Ethel Virginia Almeda Ogden Baker; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Henry C. Baker, Sr., and Ethel Virginia Almeda Ogden Baker; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Court Appointed Special Advocates (Georgia CASA); CASA Day at the state capitol; February 15, 2024; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring Georgia Court Appointed Special Advocates (Georgia CASA) and recognizing February 15, 2024, as CASA Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lupus Advocacy Day at the state capitol; February 20, 2024; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing Tuesday, February 20, 2024, as Lupus Advocacy Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia's lineworkers; Georgia Lineworker Appreciation Day at the state capitol; April 8, 2024; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Georgia's lineworkers and recognizing April 8, 2024, as Georgia Lineworker Appreciation Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia 9-1-1 Medical Amnesty Law; 10th anniversary; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the 10th anniversary of the Georgia 9-1-1 Medical Amnesty Law; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Kemp, Gerald; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Gerald Kemp; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Vietnamese-American Community of Georgia; Vietnamese-American Community Day at the state capitol; March 5, 2024; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Vietnamese-American Community of Georgia and recognizing March 5, 2024, as Vietnamese-American Community Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Most Worshipful Prince Hall Butler Lodge #226; 120th anniversary; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the 120th anniversary of the Most Worshipful Prince Hall Butler Lodge #226; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Raymond, Usher, IV; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Usher Raymond IV; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bryant, Reverend Dr. Jamal-Harrison; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Reverend Dr. Jamal-Harrison Bryant; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Charter Schools Day at the state capitol; February 21, 2024; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 21, 2024, as Charter Schools Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Grant Park Conservancy; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Grant Park Conservancy; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: First Senior Center; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the First Senior Center; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jennings, Madison; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Madison Jennings; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Congress; pass Kidney PATIENT Act of 2023; urge. Description: A RESOLUTION urging the United States Congress to pass the Kidney Patient Access to Technologically Innovative and Essential Nephrology Treatments Act of 2023 or the "Kidney PATIENT Act of 2023" (H.R. 5074); and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: House Study Committee on Credit Card Fee on State Sales and Excise Tax and Their Impact on Georgia Merchants and Consumers; create. Description: A RESOLUTION creating the House Study Committee on Credit Card Fees on State Sales and Excise Tax and Their Impact on Georgia Merchants and Consumers; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Anthony, Elizabeth "Libby"; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Elizabeth "Libby" Anthony; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Willis, Zoe; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Zoe Willis; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Roberts, Morris; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Morris Roberts; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Donor Day at the state capitol; February 15, 2024; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 15, 2024, as Donor Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Alpha Phi Alpha Day at the state capitol; February 15, 2024; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 15, 2024, as Alpha Phi Alpha Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: League of Women Voters of Georgia; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the League of Women Voters of Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Simmons, Brother Dr. William; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Brother Dr. William Simmons; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Willis, Brother Robert "Bob"; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Brother Robert "Bob" Willis; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Several cities designated as Georgia PlanFirst communities; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring several cities upon their designation as Georgia PlanFirst communities; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Preface Project; founder Jonathan Sung An Terrence "JT" Wu; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Preface Project and its founder, Jonathan Sung An Terrence "JT" Wu; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Association of Georgia General Aviation Airports; an industry association for general aviation airports in the State of Georgia and its corporate affiliates; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the Association of Georgia General Aviation Airports as an industry association for general aviation airports in the State of Georgia and its corporate affiliates; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Godwin, Mayor Boze; outstanding public service; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Mayor Boze Godwin on his outstanding public service; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hall, Wayne; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Wayne Hall; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Joseph, Carver; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Carver Joseph; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bird-Pickens, Lisset; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Lisset Bird-Pickens; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Federation of Democratic Women in Blue Day at state capitol; 02/15/24; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 15, 2024, as Georgia Federation of Democratic Women in Blue Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Keel, Brooks A., PhD; dedicated service to advancing higher education in the state of Georgia, the University System of Georgia, Georgia Southern University, and Augusta University; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Brooks A. Keel, PhD, for his dedicated service to advancing higher education in the State of Georgia, the University System of Georgia, Georgia Southern University, and Augusta University; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Baker, Henry C., Sr.; Ethel Virginia Almeda Ogden Baker; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Henry C. Baker, Sr., and Ethel Virginia Almeda Ogden Baker; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Building Owners and Managers Association (BOMA) of Georgia Foundation; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Building Owners and Managers Association (BOMA) of Georgia Foundation; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Pecou, Dr. Fahamu; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Dr. Fahamu Pecou; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Joiner, Pam; work on behalf of the children of Berrien County, Georgia; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Pam Joiner for her work on behalf of the children of Berrien County, Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Boone, Alfonzo, Sr.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Alfonzo Boone Sr.; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Empowerment Resource Center Inc.; 13th annual Hats Off To Women symposium; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Empowerment Resource Center Inc. upon its 13th annual Hats Off To Women symposium; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Honorable Richard H. Smith Memorial Interchange; Muscogee County; dedicate. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life of the Honorable Richard H. Smith and dedicating an interchange in his memory; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: House Study Committee on the Exchange, Storage, and Bond Coverage of Agricultural Products, Grain, and Livestock; create. Description: A RESOLUTION creating the House Study Committee on the Exchange, Storage, and Bond Coverage of Agricultural Products, Grain, and Livestock; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Sensei, Uchida; Taido Karate School; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Uchida Sensei and the Taido Karate School; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Gurley, Robert J. "Bobby", Sr.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Robert J. "Bobby" Gurley, Sr., and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Turman, Glynn; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Glynn Turman; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dr. Indran B. Indrakrishnan Day at the state capitol; February 20, 2024; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 20, 2024, as Dr. Indran B. Indrakrishnan Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jackson, Bishop Reginald Thomas; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Bishop Reginald Thomas Jackson; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Clayton State University Day at the state capitol; February 20, 2024; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Clayton State University and recognizing February 20, 2024, as Clayton State University Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Roberts, Dr. Anthony "Tony"; occasion of retirement in June; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dr. Anthony "Tony" Roberts upon the occasion of his forthcoming retirement in June; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Davis, DJ "Calvin da Coordinator"; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending DJ "Calvin da Coordinator" Davis; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Carn, Jean; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Jean Carn; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Adairsville High School JROTC program; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Adairsville High School JROTC program; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Houston, Dr. Pat; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating Dr. Pat Houston; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Thompson, Keith; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Keith Thompson; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Authors of Beyond Boundaries: Inspiring Leaders in Business and Community; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the authors of Beyond Boundaries: Inspiring Leaders in Business and Community; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Mohair, Dr. Jacqueline; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dr. Jacqueline Mohair; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Graduates of the TIUA School of Business; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the graduates of the TIUA School of Business; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: 2024 Tech Demo Day at the state capitol; February 29, 2024; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing 2024 Tech Demo Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Render, Michael S. "Killer Mike"; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Michael S. "Killer Mike" Render; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hyundai Motor Group's dedication to the State of Georgia; commend; Hyundai Day at the state capitol; February 26, 2024; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Hyundai Motor Group's dedication to the State of Georgia and recognizing February 26, 2024, as Hyundai Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Maldonado-Torres, Veronica; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Veronica Maldonado-Torres; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Liga de Campeones program; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending the Liga de Campeones program; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Sconiers, Rosalind; receiving the 2024 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Rosalind Sconiers for receiving the 2024 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Haymore, Chris; outstanding public service as an educator; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Chris Haymore on his outstanding public service as an educator; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Adoptive and Foster Parent Association of Georgia; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending the Adoptive and Foster Parent Association of Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Leaders of Greater Augusta, the Leadership Augusta Class of 2024, and alumni of the Leadership Augusta Program; recognizing 02/21/24, as Greater Augusta Day and Leadership Augusta Day at the state capitol; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the leaders of Greater Augusta, the Leadership Augusta Class of 2024, alumni of the Leadership Augusta Program, and those working diligently to move the Greater Augusta community forward and recognizing February 21, 2024, as Greater Augusta Day and Leadership Augusta Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Nurses Day at the state capitol; March 7, 2024; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 7, 2024, as Nurses Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Commission on Women Champions for Change Day at the state capitol; 02/22/24; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 22, 2024, as Georgia Commission on Women Champions for Change Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Peer Support and the Associated Certified Peer Specialists Workforce; 25th anniversary; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the 25th anniversary of Peer Support and the Associated Certified Peer Specialists Workforce; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia special education teachers; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Georgia special education teachers; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Kittila, Audrey; Miss Cobb County 2024; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Audrey Kittila, Miss Cobb County 2024; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bennett, Councilwoman Dr. Sharon Keitt; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Councilwoman Dr. Sharon Keitt Bennett; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dr. Derricka Harwell Day; February 27, 2024; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 27, 2024, as Dr. Derricka Harwell Day; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: The Warren Huntley Day; February 22, 2024; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 22, 2024, as The Warren Huntley Day; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Girls Empowerment Day; February 20, 2024; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 20, 2024, as Girls Empowerment Day; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Farley, Dr. Debra; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring and commending Dr. Debra Farley; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dr. Saloam Bey Day; February 24, 2024; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 24, 2024, as Dr. Saloam Bey Day; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Red Cross Month in Georgia; March 2024; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Red Cross and recognizing March 2024 as Red Cross Month in Georgia; and for other purposes
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: 2023 Technical College System of Georgia awards winners; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the 2023 Technical College System of Georgia awards winners; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Velez, Janette; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Janette Velez; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hill, Kayla; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Kayla Hill; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Baldwin, Ms. Adrienne; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Ms. Adrienne Baldwin; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jenkins, Tara; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Tara Jenkins; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Manous, Carrington; Miss Cobb County's Teen 2024; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Carrington Manous, Miss Cobb County's Teen 2024; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Speaker David E. Ralston Interstate Connector; Fannin County; dedicate. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life of the Honorable David E. Ralston and dedicating an interstate connector and bridge in his memory; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Wilson, Ashley; receiving the 2024 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Ashley Wilson for receiving the 2024 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Frasier, Elder Henry, Sr.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Elder Henry Frasier, Sr.; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Graham, Charles D., Esq.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Charles D. Graham, Esq.; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Sweat, Natalie "Tally"; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the accomplishments of Natalie "Tally" Sweat; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Atlanta Metropolitan State College; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Atlanta Metropolitan State College; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Boynton, Dr. Maria; commend; Women in Radio Day at the state capitol; 03/07/24; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dr. Maria Boynton and recognizing March 7, 2024, as Women in Radio Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Nicholas, Lisa; commend; Women in Radio Day at the state capitol; 03/07/24; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Lisa Nicholas and recognizing March 7, 2024, as Women in Radio Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Seay, Sharon; commend; Women in Radio Day at the state capitol; March 7, 2024; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Sharon Seay and recognizing March 7, 2024, as Women in Radio Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Burke, Minister Peter; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Minister Peter Burke; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: DeKalb County School District; commend; DeKalb County School District Track and Field Day at the state capitol; 02/22/24; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the DeKalb County School District and recognizing February 22, 2024, as DeKalb County School District Track and Field Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Nave, Matt; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Matt Nave; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: United States Department of Veterans Affairs; additional resources for elder care, nursing home access, and expanded disabled residential programs; urge; provide. Description: A RESOLUTION urging the United States Department of Veterans Affairs to provide for additional resources to address elder care, nursing home access, and expanded disabled residential programs for veteran community populations; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgian farmers; produce sugarcane syrup; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Georgian farmers who produce sugarcane syrup; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hill-Watson, Mary Frances; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Mary Frances Hill-Watson; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Buff, Dr. Shannon; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dr. Shannon Buff; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Tooks, Tracey; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Tracey Tooks; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Children in foster care; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending children in foster care; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jack and Jill Day at the state capitol; February 26, 2024; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 26. 2024, as Jack and Jill Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Black Midwives Day in the State of Georgia; March 14, 2024; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 14 as Black Midwives Day in the State of Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Guy, Pamela E.; receiving the 2024 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Pamela E. Guy for receiving the 2024 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Rivarde, Monique; receiving the 2024 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Monique Rivarde for receiving the 2024 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Haase, Kimberly; receiving the 2024 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Kimberly Haase for receiving the 2024 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Strawter-Tanks, Tori; receiving the 2024 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Tori Strawter-Tanks for receiving the 2024 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Nguyen, Jenny; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Jenny Nguyen; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Pham, Ethan; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Ethan Pham; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Mohamed, Anil and Seelochney; S & A Logistics / Laparkan Shipping Georgia; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Anil and Seelochney Mohamed and S & A Logistics / Laparkan Shipping Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Okoro, Dr. Stanley; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dr. Stanley Okoro; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Baldwin, Beauty; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Beauty Baldwin; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Nigeria-US IT Network; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Nigeria-US IT Network; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Walton & James Oglethorpe Chapters of the Daughters of the American Revolution's 2023-2024 Good Citizens; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the George Walton & James Oglethorpe Chapters of the Daughters of the American Revolution's 2023-2024 Good Citizens; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: King, Horace; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Horace King; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Weizenecker, Dr. Richard; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Dr. Richard Weizenecker; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Morrow, Dr. James R.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Dr. James R. Morrow; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Mealing, William Douglas, Sr.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of William Douglas Mealing, Sr.; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Houser, Lady Fannie Mae; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Lady Fannie Mae Houser; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: McNeill, Ann; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Ann McNeill; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Toyo Tire U.S.A. Corp.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Toyo Tire U.S.A. Corp.; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Nagel's Bagels; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Nagel's Bagels; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hardy, Lana Copeland; receiving the 2024 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Lana Copeland Hardy for receiving the 2024 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: McBride, Tiffany; receiving the 2024 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Tiffany McBride for receiving the 2024 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Russell, Eugene H., III.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Eugene H. Russell III; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: DeKalb County Day; March 4, 2024; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 4, 2024, as DeKalb County Day; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Yousaf, Humza; first elected ethnic minority and Muslim First Minister of Scotland; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Humza Yousaf for being the first elected ethnic minority and Muslim First Minister of Scotland; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Reach Out and Read Day at the state capitol; March 4, 2024; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 4, 2024, as Reach Out and Read Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia State University; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Georgia State University; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dominican Republic Independence Day; February 27, 2024; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 27, 2024, as Dominican Republic Independence Day; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Diwali Day; November 1, 2024; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing November 1, 2024, as Diwali Day; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Department of Agriculture; 150th anniversary; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Georgia Department of Agriculture upon its 150th anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Colorectal Cancer Awareness Month; March 2024; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 2024 as Colorectal Cancer Awareness Month; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Brasell, Heather; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Heather Brasell; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Radio Station VSAM 1040; 10th anniversary; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Radio Station VSAM 1040 on its tenth anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Colorectal Cancer Awareness Month; March 2024; recognize; the Georgia Colorectal Cancer Control program; impact on increasing screenings in Federal Qualified Health Clinics in Southwest and Southeast Georgia; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 2024 as Colorectal Cancer Awareness Month and honoring the Georgia Colorectal Cancer Control program for its impact on increasing screenings in Federal Qualified Health Clinics in Southwest and Southeast Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Fentanyl Prevention and Awareness Day for Georgia Students; 10/23/24; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing October 23, 2024, as Fentanyl Prevention and Awareness Day for Georgia Students; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Blood Clot Awareness Month in the State of Georgia; March 2024; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 2024 as Blood Clot Awareness Month in the State of Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: House Study Committee on Safety and Consumer Protection of Nicotine Vapor Products; create. Description: A RESOLUTION creating the House Study Committee on Safety and Consumer Protection of Nicotine Vapor Products; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hodges, Michelle; receiving the 2024 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Michelle Hodges for receiving the 2024 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Banks-Ware, E. Noreen; receiving the 2024 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending E. Noreen Banks-Ware for receiving the 2024 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Walker, Iffat A.M.; receiving the 2024 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Iffat A.M. Walker for receiving the 2024 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: King & Prince Seafood; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending King & Prince Seafood; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Poe, Frank; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Frank Poe; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Unin De Asociaciones De Charros Del Estado De Georgia; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Unin De Asociaciones De Charros Del Estado De Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Williams, Vincent, Sr.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Vincent Williams, Sr.; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cooke, Dr. Marilyn; receiving the 2024 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Dr. Marilyn Cooke for receiving the 2024 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Grady County radio station WGRA; occasion of its 75th anniversary; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Grady County radio station WGRA on the occasion of its 75th anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Mullins, Theresa; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Theresa Mullins; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Stokes, Juandolyn; commend; Women in Radio Day at the state capitol; 03/07/24; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Juandolyn Stokes and recognizing March 7, 2024, as Women in Radio Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Brown, Dr. Sharron J.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dr. Sharron J. Brown; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Gamma Phi Delta Sorority, Incorporated; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Gamma Phi Delta Sorority, Incorporated; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jones, The Honorable Virgil Marcus, Sr.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of The Honorable Virgil Marcus Jones Sr.; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bacon, Mother Bernice; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Mother Bernice Bacon; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bahnsen, Brigadier General John C. "Doc", Jr.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Brigadier General John C. "Doc" Bahnsen Jr.; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dumas, Samuel L.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Samuel L. Dumas; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ben Massell Dental Clinic; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Ben Massell Dental Clinic; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cobb, Dave; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dave Cobb; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dooley, Barbara; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Barbara Dooley; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Grissom, Brenda; receiving the 2024 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Brenda Grissom for receiving the 2024 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Harris, Alexis; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Alexis Harris; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Plemons, Jack M. "Bob"; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Jack M. "Bob" Plemons; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bussey, Alice White; receiving the 2024 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Alice White Bussey for receiving the 2024 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Newsom, Evan; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Evan Newsom; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Chapman, Sheriff Joe; outstanding public service; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Sheriff Joe Chapman on his outstanding public service; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ruskell, Richard Clay; retirement; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Richard Clay Ruskell upon his retirement; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Abbott, Hilda; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Hilda Abbott; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Rivera, Alex Raul; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Alex Raul Rivera; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Sorto, Albert; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Albert Sorto; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dominguez, Jefferson; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Jefferson Dominguez; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: EMC Engineering Services, Inc.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending EMC Engineering Services, Inc.; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dunaway, Jan; receiving the 2024 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Jan Dunaway for receiving the 2024 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Terry, John; service to Talbot County; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending John Terry for his service to Talbot County; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Perdue, Faye Clark; receiving the 2024 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Faye Clark Perdue for receiving the 2024 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Blackmar, Melda Whittle; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Melda Whittle Blackmar; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia peanut industry; commend; Georgia Peanut Month at the state capitol; March 2024; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Georgia peanut industry and recognizing March 2024 as Georgia Peanut Month at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Airports Association Day; March 7, 2024; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 7, 2024, as Georgia Airports Association Day; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Maxwell, Shyneka; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Shyneka Maxwell; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Calhoun, Lieutenant Colonel Stephon, Sr. (Ret); condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Lieutenant Colonel Stephon Calhoun, Sr., (Ret); and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Chancey, Reverend David L.; occasion of his retirement; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Reverend David L. Chancey and congratulating him upon the occasion of his retirement; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: White, Dr. Ronald G.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dr. Ronald G. White; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Campbellton Lodge #76; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Campbellton Lodge #76; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Whitehead, Noreen S.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Noreen S Whitehead; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Augusta-Richmond County Branch of the NAACP; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Augusta-Richmond County Branch of the NAACP; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bagley, Don; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Don Bagley; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: McDuffie/Warren County Unit; named Ga. Forestry Commission North Ga. Unit of the Year; Berrien County Unit; named South Ga. Unit of the Year; Forest Protection Area 9; named Forest Protection Area of the Year; Jason McMullen; Forester of Year; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the McDuffie/Warren County Unit on being named the Georgia Forestry Commission 2023 North Georgia Unit of the Year; the Berrien County Unit on being named the 2023 South Georgia Unit of the Year; Forest Protection Area 9 on being named the 2023 Forest Protection Area of the Year; and Jason McMullen on being named the 2023 Forester of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cherokee County E 9-1-1 Center; Emergency Communications Center of the Year; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Cherokee County E 9-1-1 Center on being named the Emergency Communications Center of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: The House of God Church Keith Dominion, Inc.; occasion of its 90th anniversary; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending The House of God Church Keith Dominion, Inc., on the occasion of its 90th anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Community Health Centers Day; March 14, 2024; recognize; Georgia Primary Care Association; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 14, 2024, as Community Health Centers Day and commending the Georgia Primary Care Association; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Shedd, Edith; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Edith Shedd; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Members of the St. Patrick's Day Parade Committee, Chairman Timothy P. Mahoney, and the Grand Marshal of the 2024 St. Patrick's Day Parade, John Forbes; occasion of the 2024 St. Patrick's Day Parade in Savannah, Georgia; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and honoring the members of the St. Patrick's Day Parade Committee, Chairman Timothy P. Mahoney, and the Grand Marshal of the 2024 St. Patrick's Day Parade, John Forbes, on the upcoming occasion of the 2024 St. Patrick's Day Parade in Savannah, Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: House Study Committee on Alternatives to Opioids for Pain Management; create. Description: A RESOLUTION creating the House Study Committee on Alternatives to Opioids for Pain Management; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Blue and White Day at the state capitol; March 11, 2024; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 11, 2024, as Blue and White Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Barry, Belladay; Marina Hirsch Dantas e Silva, Maddie Hardy, Hannah Horowitz, and Karys Quarles; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Belladay Barry, Marina Hirsch Dantas e Silva, Maddie Hardy, Hannah Horowitz, and Karys Quarles; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Washington, Angela; receiving the 2024 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Angela Washington for receiving the 2024 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Redding, Gwen; commend; Women in Radio Day at the state capitol; 03/07/24; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Gwen Redding and recognizing March 7, 2024, as Women in Radio Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Milteer, Le'Dor; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Le'Dor Milteer; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Purebred Dog Day in the State of Georgia; May 1, 2024; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the benefits and contributions of purebred dogs and recognizing May 1, 2024, as Purebred Dog Day in the State of Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Duluth Rotary Club; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Duluth Rotary Club; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Atlanta Influences Everything; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Atlanta Influences Everything; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Atlanta Fashion Week; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Atlanta Fashion Week; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Muscogee County School District's 2024 Teachers of the Year; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending the Muscogee County School District's 2024 Teachers of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Celebrating phenomenal women on International Women's Day; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION celebrating phenomenal women on International Women's Day; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Celebrating phenomenal women on International Women's Day; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION celebrating phenomenal women on International Women's Day; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Celebrating phenomenal women on International Women's Day; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION celebrating phenomenal women on International Women's Day; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Celebrating phenomenal women on International Women's Day; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION celebrating phenomenal women on International Women's Day; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia CORE and the Five Regional Cancer Coalitions; commend; Cancer Prevention Month in Georgia; February 2024; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Georgia CORE and the Five Regional Cancer Coalitions for sponsoring February as Cancer Prevention Month in Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Fil-Am Day at the state capitol; March 11, 2024; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 11, 2024, as Fil-Am Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Muxlow, Summer; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Summer Muxlow; and for other purposes
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: North Hall Middle School girls' cross country team; winning the 2023 State Cross-Country Championship Meet; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the North Hall Middle School girls' cross country team for winning the 2023 State Cross-Country Championship Meet; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: North Hall Middle School boys' cross country team; winning the 2023 State Cross-Country Championship Meet; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the North Hall Middle School boys' cross country team for winning the 2023 State Cross-Country Championship Meet; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Owens, Marty; Girl Scouts of Historic Georgia "Gainesville 2024 Woman of Distinction"; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Marty Owens as the Girl Scouts of Historic Georgia "Gainesville 2024 Woman of Distinction"; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Pace Day at the Capitol; March 11, 2024; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 11, 2024, as Pace Day at the Capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: House Study Committee on Assessing the Semester and Quarter Systems at USG and TCSG Institutions; create. Description: A RESOLUTION creating the House Study Committee on Assessing the Semester and Quarter Systems at USG and TCSG Institutions; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Milton High School Theatre Company; winning the 2023 GHSA 7A One Act Play State Championship; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Milton High School Theatre Company for winning the 2023 GHSA 7A One Act Play State Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Carden, Major General Tom; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Major General Tom Carden; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: American Heritage Girls (AHG); commend. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring and commending American Heritage Girls (AHG); and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Trail Life USA; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Trail Life USA; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Milton Eagles Boys Golf Team; winning the 2023 GHSA 7A Boys Golf State Championship; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Milton Eagles Boys Golf Team for winning the 2023 GHSA 7A Boys Golf State Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Milton Lady Eagles Lacrosse Team; winning the 2023 GHSA 7A Girls Lacrosse State Championship; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Milton Lady Eagles Lacrosse Team for winning the 2023 GHSA 7A Girls Lacrosse State Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Milton Eagles Football Team; winning the 2023 GHSA 7A State Football Championship; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Milton Eagles Football Team for winning the 2023 GHSA 7A State Football Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Brigham, Rannell Caringus; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Rannell Caringus Brigham; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Patton, Samantha "Sam"; winning the GHSA Wrestling State Championship title for the 2023/2024 season; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Samantha "Sam" Patton on winning the GHSA Wrestling State Championship title for the 2023/2024 season; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lundy, Grace Ann; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Grace Ann Lundy; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Golf Day at the state capitol; March 13, 2024; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 13, 2024, as Golf Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Redmond, Bruce; Effingham County's 2024 Georgia Farmer of the Year; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Bruce Redmond, Effingham County's 2024 Georgia Farmer of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Advocates For Crime Prevention Inc. and Clayton Lee; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the Georgia Advocates For Crime Prevention Inc. and Clayton Lee; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Community Organized Relief Effort; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Community Organized Relief Effort; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Winstead, Seth; Rome High School's 2024 STAR Teacher; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Seth Winstead, Rome High School's 2024 STAR Teacher; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Wertheim, Steven, MD; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Steven Wertheim, MD; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Strickland, Brendan, Rome High School's 2024 STAR Student; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Brendan Strickland, Rome High School's 2024 STAR Student; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Creel, Gabriela; Unity Christian School's 2024 STAR Student; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Gabriela Creel, Unity Christian School's 2024 STAR Student; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Okubo, Ryan; Unity Christian School's 2024 STAR Teacher; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Ryan Okubo, Unity Christian School's 2024 STAR Teacher; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cranford, Benjamin; Armuchee High School's 2024 STAR Student; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Benjamin Cranford, Armuchee High School's 2024 STAR Student; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Alexander, Amaryllis; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Amaryllis Alexander; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: CORE (Community Organized Relief Effort); commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending CORE (Community Organized Relief Effort); and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bates, Seth; Armuchee High School's 2024 STAR Teacher; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Seth Bates, Armuchee High School's 2024 STAR Teacher; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Monterroso, Fernando; Pepperell High School's 2024 STAR Student; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Fernando Monterroso, Pepperell High School's 2024 STAR Student; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: "Capitalize Georgia: Empowering Financial Futures and Business Excellence Symposium"; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the "Capitalize Georgia: Empowering Financial Futures and Business Excellence Symposium"; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Silver, Jonathan; Pepperell High School's 2024 STAR Teacher; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Jonathan Silver, Pepperell High School's 2024 STAR Teacher; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: South Effingham High School wrestling team; winning the 2024 GHSA Class 6A State Wrestling Championships; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the South Effingham High School wrestling team for winning the 2024 GHSA Class 6A State Wrestling Championships; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: South Effingham High School Game Day Cheer Team; winning the 2024 GHSA Class 5A/6A State GAME Day Championship; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the South Effingham High School Game Day Cheer Team for winning the 2024 GHSA Class 5A/6A State Game Day Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jester, Candice Nicole; Region III Magnet Schools 2024 Principal of the Year; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Candice Nicole Jester, the Region III Magnet Schools 2024 Principal of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bentley, Heidi Charlotte; celebrating birth; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION celebrating the birth of Heidi Charlotte Bentley; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hollifield, Terry; 53 years of outstanding service as executive director of the Georgia Crop Improvement Association; retirement on 12/31/23; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Terry Hollifield for his 53 years of outstanding service as executive director of the Georgia Crop Improvement Association, where he retired on December 31, 2023; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Kappa Alpha Psi Fraternity Inc.; Lawrenceville Duluth Alumni Chapter; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Lawrenceville Duluth Alumni Chapter of Kappa Alpha Psi Fraternity Inc.; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Wells, Michael; Cartersville High School's 2024 STAR Student; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Michael Wells, Cartersville High School's 2024 STAR Student; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Archer, Amy; Cartersville High School's 2024 STAR Teacher; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Amy Archer, Cartersville High School's 2024 STAR Teacher; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: House interns for the 2024 regular session of the General Assembly of Georgia; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the House interns for the 2024 regular session of the General Assembly of Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: 2024 regular session temporary administrative assistants for the Georgia House of Representatives; exemplary service; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the 2024 regular session temporary administrative assistants for the Georgia House of Representatives on their exemplary service; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ortega, Aceli Zenil; receiving the 2024 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Aceli Zenil Ortega for receiving the 2024 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: De La Cruz, Cristina; receiving the 2024 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Cristina De La Cruz for receiving the 2024 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Phillips-Reed, Dr. Rogsbert; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dr. Rogsbert Phillips-Reed; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dunwoody High School Youth City Council; advocacy work and interest in civic engagement; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Dunwoody High School Youth City Council for its advocacy work and interest in civic engagement; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: House Disaster Mitigation and Resilience Study Committee; create. Description: A RESOLUTION creating the House Disaster Mitigation and Resilience Study Committee; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Economic Development, Department of; support Vince Dooley Battlefield Preservation Fund; urge. Description: A RESOLUTION urging the State of Georgia and the Department of Economic Development to support the Vince Dooley Battlefield Preservation Fund as part of the Georgia US250 Committee's observance of the 250th anniversary of the American Revolution; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Grayson High School Chamber Orchestra; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Grayson High School Chamber Orchestra; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Henton, Garth Anthony Dermot; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Garth Anthony Dermot Henton; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Gordon, Walter James, Sr.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Walter James Gordon Sr.; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Shaw, Robert Jennings "Bob"; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Robert Jennings "Bob" Shaw; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Associated Builders and Contractors of Georgia; efforts in making Georgia a top state for construction; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Associated Builders and Contractors of Georgia for its efforts in making Georgia a top state for construction; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Advancing Communities Together, Inc.; tenth anniversary; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Georgia Advancing Communities Together, Inc., upon its tenth anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Christian Business Women's Network International; outstanding contributions to empowering women in business; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Christian Business Women's Network International for outstanding contributions to empowering women in business; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Westside High School Patriots; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Westside High School Patriots; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Divisions of the Georgia Bureau of Investigation; Anti-Gang Initiatives; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending all the Divisions of the Georgia Bureau of Investigation in their Anti-Gang Initiatives; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Smith, Jay; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Jay Smith; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hartwell Golf Club; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Hartwell Golf Club; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Benjamin, Ezron; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Ezron Benjamin; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Mashujaa Day; October 20, 2024; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing October 20, 2024, as Mashujaa Day; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Mwangi, Eric; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Eric Mwangi; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Eyasu, Awet; outstanding public service; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Awet Eyasu on his outstanding public service; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ntumba, Dede; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dede Ntumba; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Harris, Dr. Angela; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dr. Angela Harris; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Prescott, Lawrence; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Lawrence Prescott; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Umu Igbo Unite (UIU); commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Umu Igbo Unite (UIU); and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Nigerian Women Association of Georgia; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Nigerian Women Association of Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Sparkle, Mikey; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Mikey Sparkle; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bourget, Frantz; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Frantz Bourget; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Tech Glee Club; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Georgia Tech Glee Club; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Comrie, Copeland Fitzgerald; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Copeland Fitzgerald Comrie; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Mitchell, Hazel Carmen; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Hazel Carmen Mitchell; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Troy, Dr. Mekia; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dr. Mekia Troy; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Williams, Dr. Dianna M.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dr. Dianna M. Williams; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Hotel and Lodging Industry Appreciation Day at the state capitol; 03/14/24; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 14, 2024, as Georgia Hotel and Lodging Industry Appreciation Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Johnson, Temeka; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Temeka Johnson; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Beach-Gomes, Dr. Megan; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dr. Megan Beach-Gomes; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Chapter of the National Women in Agriculture Association; 7th annual GWIAA Day at the state capitol; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Georgia Chapter of the National Women in Agriculture Association upon its seventh annual GWIAA Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Warbington, Chuck; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Chuck Warbington; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Iron Workers Local 387; occasion of its 100th anniversary; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Iron Workers Local 387 on the occasion of its 100th anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Shorey, Al; Darlington High School's 2024 STAR Teacher; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Al Shorey, Darlington High School's 2024 STAR Teacher; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jin, Oscar; Darlington High School's 2024 STAR Student; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Oscar Jin, Darlington High School's 2024 STAR Student; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lakeview Academy boys basketball team; winning the 2024 GIAA Class 3A State Basketball Championship; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Lakeview Academy boys basketball team for winning the 2024 GIAA Class 3A State Basketball Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Buff, Dr. Shannon; 2024 Georgia High School Principal of the Year; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dr. Shannon Buff, the 2024 Georgia High School Principal of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lowery, Patricia Annette; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Patricia Annette Lowery; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lakeview Academy girls basketball team; winning the 2024 GIAA Class 3A State Basketball Championship; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Lakeview Academy girls basketball team for winning the 2024 GIAA Class 3A State Basketball Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ferguson, Congressman Drew; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Congressman Drew Ferguson; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Minority Health Month; April 2024; encourage cholesterol screening; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing April 2024 as Minority Health Month to encourage cholesterol screening; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: King, Naomi Ruth Barber; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Naomi Ruth Barber King; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: St. Pierre, Amy Wald; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Amy Wald St. Pierre; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Battle, Sha; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Sha Battle; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Wilson, Martine; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Martine Wilson; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Arab American Heritage Month in Georgia; April 2024; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing April 2024 as Arab American Heritage Month in Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Rodriguez, Daniela; receiving the 2024 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leadership Award; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Daniela Rodriguez for receiving the 2024 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leadership Award; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hernandez, Dr. Natalie; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dr. Natalie Hernandez; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bond, Naima; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Naima Bond; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Moore, Shanti; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Shanti Moore; and for other purposes
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Tech Research Institute (GTRI); 90th anniversary; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the 90th anniversary of the Georgia Tech Research Institute (GTRI); and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Palm, Angela; occasion of her retirement; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Angela Palm on the occasion of her retirement; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Poplar Springs Baptist Church; occasion of its 150th anniversary; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Poplar Springs Baptist Church on the occasion of its 150th anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hispalanta; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Hispalanta; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: U.S. Military Vets Motorcycle Club; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the U.S. Military Vets Motorcycle Club; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Wilson, Jessica; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Jessica Wilson; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bryant, Tiffany; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Tiffany Bryant; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Coder, Dr. Kim; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Dr. Kim Coder; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Wright, Chandra; receiving the 2024 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Chandra Wright for receiving the 2024 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: House Study Committee on Private Water Systems; create. Description: A RESOLUTION creating the House Study Committee on Private Water Systems; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Trailblazing Women in Georgia Day; March 20, 2024; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 20, 2024, as Trailblazing Women in Georgia Day; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Molina, Antonio; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Antonio Molina; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lopez-Williams, Grace M.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Grace M. Lopez-Williams; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Carter, Ray; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Ray Carter; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: University System of Georgia Outstanding Scholars; Academic Recognition Day for 2024; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending University System of Georgia Outstanding Scholars on Academic Recognition Day for 2024; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Darsey, Caleb; winning the 2023 Class 1A/Division 1 Boys Individual State Cross Country Championship; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Caleb Darsey on winning the 2023 Class 1A/Division 1 Boys Individual State Cross Country Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bleckley County High School girls cross country team; winning the 2023 Class 1A/Division 1 State Cross Country Championship; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Bleckley County High School girls cross country team for winning the 2023 Class 1A/Division 1 State Cross Country Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Batchelor, Willie D.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Willie D. Batchelor; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bleckley County High School Competition Cheerleading Program; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Bleckley County High School Competition Cheerleading Program; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Musselwhite, Mrs. Lois; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Mrs. Lois Musselwhite; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Midway Elementary School; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Midway Elementary School; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Beverly, Minority Leader James; outstanding public service as a member of the House of Representatives; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Minority Leader James Beverly on his outstanding public service as a member of the House of Representatives; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Spivey, Jerry Leo; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Jerry Leo Spivey; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Carter, James Coan "Jimmy", Jr.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of James Coan "Jimmy" Carter Jr.; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Knight, Ella Nicole; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Ella Nicole Knight; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Andrews, Geraldine P.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Geraldine P. Andrews; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Harris, Brandon Sean; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Brandon Sean Harris; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Roswell Hornets Boys Lacrosse Team; winning the 2023 GHSA 5A-6A Boys Lacrosse State Championship; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Roswell Hornets Boys Lacrosse Team for winning the 2023 GHSA 5A-6A Boys Lacrosse State Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Garrett, Jack; Blessed Trinity Catholic High School; winning the 2024 GHSA 6A Traditional Wrestling State Championship; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Jack Garrett of Blessed Trinity Catholic High School for winning the 2024 GHSA 6A Traditional Wrestling State Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Blessed Trinity Titans Varsity Girls Lacrosse Team; winning the 2023 GHSA 6A Girls Lacrosse State Championship; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Blessed Trinity Titans Varsity Girls Lacrosse Team for winning the 2023 GHSA 6A Girls Lacrosse State Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Fellowship Christian Lady Paladins Varsity Soccer Team; winning the 2023 GHSA 2A Girls Soccer State Championship; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Fellowship Christian Lady Paladins Varsity Soccer Team for winning the 2023 GHSA 2A Girls Soccer State Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Street, Greg; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Greg Street; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Harris, Eddie Bernard; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Eddie Bernard Harris; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Mattson, Holly Jean; state winner of the Daughters of the American Revolution's 2023-2024 Good Citizen award; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Holly Jean Mattson, the state winner of the Daughters of the American Revolution's 2023-2024 Good Citizen award; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: The Georgia Cup Day; April 7, 2024; The Georgia Cup's 27th anniversary; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing April 7, 2024, as The Georgia Cup Day and celebrating The Georgia Cup's 27th anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Wilder, Grenoda; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Grenoda Wilder; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Rhodes, Thomas; Roswell High School; winning the 2023 GHSA 6A Traditional Wrestling State Championship; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Thomas Rhodes of Roswell High School for winning the 2023 GHSA 6A Traditional Wrestling State Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Roswell Hornets Girls Soccer Team; winning the2023 GHSA 6A Girls Soccer State Championship; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Roswell Hornets Girls Soccer Team for winning the 2023 GHSA 6A Girls Soccer State Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: J.R. Crickets; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending J.R. Crickets; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Harris, Zakiyyah N.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Zakiyyah N. Harris; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Greenforest-McCalep Christian Academy's boys & girls varsity basketball team; winning the 2024 Georgia High School Association (GHSA) state title games; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Greenforest-McCalep Christian Academy's boys' and girls' varsity basketball teams for winning the 2024 Georgia High School Association (GHSA) state title games; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Elbert County Chamber of Commerce; occasion of its 100th anniversary; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Elbert County Chamber of Commerce on the occasion of its 100th anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Northview High School mock trial team; winning the 2024 Georgia High School Mock Trial Regional Championship; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Northview High School mock trial team for winning the 2024 Georgia High School Mock Trial Regional Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bruce, Representative Roger; outstanding public service as a member of the House of Representatives; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Representative Roger Bruce on his outstanding public service as a member of the House of Representatives; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: University of West Georgia Cheerleading Team; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the University of West Georgia Cheerleading Team; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Carrollton High School debate team; winning the 2021, 2022, 2023, and most recently 2024 GFCA State Debate Championship; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Carrollton High School debate team for winning the 2021, 2022, 2023, and, most recently, 2024 GFCA State Debate Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Banding Together for Our Veterans Day; March 22, 2024; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 22, 2024, as Banding Together for Our Veterans Day; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Strolling Thunder Day at the state capitol; February 22, 2024; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 22, 2024, as Strolling Thunder Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Grayson High School Girls Basketball Team; winning the 2024 State Basketball Championship; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Grayson High School Girls Basketball Team for winning the 2024 State Basketball Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Grayson High School Boys Basketball Team; winning the 2024 State Basketball Championship; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Grayson High School Boys Basketball Team for winning the 2024 State Basketball Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Johns Creek High School Orchestra; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Johns Creek High School Orchestra; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Rathburn, Chelsea; distinguished Poet Laureate of Georgia; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and celebrating Chelsea Rathburn as the distinguished Poet Laureate of Georgia; and for other purposes
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cotty, Stephen; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Stephen Cotty; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Venue 338; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Venue 338; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Farist, Carson; Taylor Schiesser; Gilmer High School; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Gilmer High School's Carson Farist and Taylor Schiesser; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Aga Khan Development Network; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Aga Khan Development Network; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: House Study Committee on Navigable Streams and Related Matters; create. Description: A RESOLUTION creating the House Study Committee on Navigable Streams and Related Matters; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Executive Function Day at the state capitol; March 26, 2024; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 26, 2024, as Executive Function Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Shoal Creek Park III; rename to The John Evans Legacy Park; support. Description: A RESOLUTION supporting the renaming of Shoal Creek Park III to The John Evans Legacy Park; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Sandy Springs Fire Department; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Sandy Springs Fire Department; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Mosley, Reverend Abraham; occasion of his 50th pastoral anniversary; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Reverend Abraham Mosley on the occasion of his 50th pastoral anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Chapter of the American Academy of Pediatrics and its members; observance of the chapter's 70th anniversary; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Georgia Chapter of the American Academy of Pediatrics and its members in observance of the chapter's 70th anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Mims, Joyce; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Joyce Mims; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Henry Louis Aaron Day; April 8, 2024; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing April 8, 2024, as Henry Louis Aaron Day; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Festival of Navroz as well as the Shia Ismaili Muslim community residing in and contributing to the State of Georgia; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the festival of Navroz as well as the Shia Ismaili Muslim community residing in and contributing to the State of Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Littlefield, Matthew Christopher "Matt"; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Matthew Christopher "Matt" Littlefield; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Paulding Public Safety Appreciation; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Paulding Public Safety Appreciation; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Chappelle, Joah; outstanding accomplishments; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Joah Chappelle for his outstanding accomplishments; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Powell, John T.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending John T. Powell; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Smith, Major Hoke Gilbert; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Major Hoke Gilbert Smith; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Brown, Dr. Sharron J.; Women's History Month; March 2024; Dr. Sharron Brown Day; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dr. Sharron J. Brown and recognizing March 1, the beginning of Women's History Month, as Dr. Sharron Brown Day; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: King, William "Ross"; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending William "Ross" King; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Butler-Baker School Day; March 23, 2024; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing Saturday, March 23, 2024, as Butler-Baker School Day; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: J&I Cordon Electric; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending J&I Cordon Electric; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dutchtown High School boys track and field team; winning the 2023 GHSA Class 5A State Track and Field Championship Meet; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Dutchtown High School boys track and field team for winning the 2023 GHSA Class 5A State Track and Field Championship Meet; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Kaplan, Jaime; 500th win; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Jaime Kaplan on her 500th win; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Fedrick, Dr. Marion Ross; outstanding public service as President of Albany State University; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dr. Marion Ross Fedrick on her outstanding public service as President of Albany State University; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Gibson, Reverend Marcus; occasion of his 25th pastoral anniversary; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Reverend Marcus Gibson on the occasion of his 25th pastoral anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Broady, District Attorney Flynn D., Jr.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending District Attorney Flynn D. Broady, Jr.; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Mosley, Beth Rahn; outstanding public service as the Probate Judge of Effingham County; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Beth Rahn Mosley on her outstanding public service as the Probate Judge of Effingham County; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: McDaniel, Linda; outstanding public service; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Linda McDaniel on her outstanding public service; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: McArdle, Jane, Molly McCollum, Eleanor Cart, Clarke Jones, and Kaitlyn Iannace; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Jane McArdle, Molly McCollum, Eleanor Cart, Clarke Jones, and Kaitlyn Iannace; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: McCarthy, Debra Yvonne Dixon; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Debra Yvonne Dixon McCarthy; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Helms, Monica; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring Monica Helms; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: World Down Syndrome Day at the state capitol; March 21, 2024; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 21, 2024, as World Down Syndrome Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Kennedy, Karen; Alexander High School's 2023-2024 Teacher of the Year; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Karen Kennedy, Alexander High School's 2023-2024 Teacher of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Necrotizing Enterocolitis Awareness Day; May 17, 2024; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing May 17, 2024 as Necrotizing Enterocolitis Awareness Day; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ancient Egyptian Arabic Order Nobles of the Mystic Shrine (A.E.A.O.N.M.S.) of North and South America and its Jurisdictions, Inc., Prince Hall Affiliated, Desert of Georgia, Desert Day at the state capitol; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the Ancient Egyptian Arabic Order Nobles of the Mystic Shrine (A.E.A.O.N.M.S.) of North and South America and its Jurisdictions, Inc., Prince Hall Affiliated, Desert of Georgia, Desert Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Leadership Bryan Class of 2024; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Leadership Bryan Class of 2024; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Antney, Debra; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Debra Antney; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Rene', Karen; outstanding public service; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Karen Rene' on her outstanding public service; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Knox, Dorothy "Dot" Meadows; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Dorothy "Dot" Meadows Knox; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cummings, Tommy Lee, Jr.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Tommy Lee Cummings Jr.; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Moreland, Thomas D.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Thomas D. Moreland; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Brown, Charles Nelson; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Charles Nelson Brown; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Kittle, Rickey; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Rickey Kittle; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Knox, Robert Edward "Bob", Jr.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Robert Edward "Bob" Knox, Jr.; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hatcher, Dorothy Ruth Kitchen; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Dorothy Ruth Kitchen Hatcher; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jackson, Ira, Sr.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Ira Jackson, Sr.; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Duckworth, Jeffrey Allen, Sr.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Jeffrey Allen Duckworth, Sr.; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hooks, William Deon; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of William Deon Hooks; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Murillo, Yesica; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Yesica Murillo; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Prensa Atlanta; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Prensa Atlanta; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Martinez-Sadri, Judith; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Judith Martinez-Sadri; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Park, Chunghee; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Chunghee Park; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Pre-K Week; October 7-11, 2024; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing October 7-11, 2024, as Georgia Pre-K Week; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lords, Scott; South Paulding High School's 2024-2025 Teacher of the Year; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Scott Lords, South Paulding High School's 2024-2025 Teacher of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Leadership Southeast Georgia Class of 2024; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Leadership Southeast Georgia Class of 2024; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Rotary Club of Paulding County; 55th anniversary; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Rotary Club of Paulding County upon its 55th anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cobb County Police Department; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Cobb County Police Department; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hebron Christian Lions girls' basketball team; winning the 2024 GHSA 3A State Girls Basketball Championship; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Hebron Christian Lions girls' basketball team for winning the 2024 GHSA 3A State Girls Basketball Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: City of Suwanee; occasion of its 75th birthday; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the City of Suwanee on the occasion of its 75th birthday; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Community Activist Day; April 29, 2024; acknowledge unsung heroic activists and their strength, selfless courage, and hopeful actions that create a positive and much improved future; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing April 29, 2024, as Community Activist Day to acknowledge unsung heroic activists and their strength, selfless courage, and hopeful actions that create a positive and much improved future; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Anderson, Will, Jr.; winning the NFL Defensive Rookie of the Year award; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Will Anderson, Jr., on winning the NFL Defensive Rookie of the Year award; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dean, Trey; winning Super Bowl LVIII; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Trey Dean on winning Super Bowl LVIII; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Gibson, Coach Calvin; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Coach Calvin Gibson; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Camp, Rex; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Rex Camp; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: American Lung Association; 120th year anniversary; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending the American Lung Association upon its 120th year anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Elbert County United States Army Junior Reserve Officers' Training Corps Program Female Armed Squad; 2023 State Championship; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Elbert County United States Army Junior Reserve Officers' Training Corps Program Female Armed Squad for its 2023 State Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ector, Ellen; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Ellen Ector; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: McLaughlin, Antwanette; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Antwanette McLaughlin; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: National Epidemic and Global Pandemic Hair Loss Summit Day in Georgia; 02/20/24; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 20, 2024, as National Epidemic and Global Pandemic Hair Loss Summit Day in Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Burruss, Kandi; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Kandi Burruss; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Glover, Michael; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION Recognizing and commending Michael Glover; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Southeastern Carpenters Augusta Local 283; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending the Southeastern Carpenters Augusta Local 283; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Aganga-Williams, Tiwa; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION Recognizing and commending Tiwa Aganga-Williams; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Kenney, Apostle David; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Apostle David Kenney; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Annunciation Day School of the Greek Orthodox Metropolis of Atlanta; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the Annunciation Day School of the Greek Orthodox Metropolis of Atlanta; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Greek Independence Day; March 25, 2024; 203rd anniversary; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and celebrating March 25, 2024, as the 203rd anniversary of Greek Independence Day; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Holy Transfiguration Greek Orthodox Church; Hellenic Studies Program; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the Hellenic Studies Program of the Holy Transfiguration Greek Orthodox Church; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Markley, Morgan County Sheriff Robert; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Morgan County Sheriff Robert Markley; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Oshoniyi, Dr. Atilade O.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dr. Atilade O. Oshoniyi; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Eko Club Atlanta; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Eko Club Atlanta; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jones, Katie; Baskets of Joy, Musella, Georgia; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Katie Jones of Musella, Georgia, and her Baskets of Joy; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ogletree, Judge LaVerne; outstanding public service; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Judge LaVerne Ogletree on her outstanding public service; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Decatur High School girls cross country team; winning the 2023 GHSA State Cross Country Championship; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Decatur High School girls cross country team for winning the 2023 GHSA State Cross Country Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cornell, E. Christopher; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending E. Christopher Cornell; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: C&H Precision's dedication to the State of Georgia; C&H Precision Day at the state capitol; March 28, 2024; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending C&H Precision's dedication to the State of Georgia and recognizing March 28, 2024, as C&H Precision Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Alliance of Community Hospitals; 40th year anniversary; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending the Georgia Alliance of Community Hospitals upon its 40th year anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Fedrick, Dr. Marion Ross; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Dr. Marion Ross Fedrick; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Our Lady of Good Hope Chapel; occasion of its 150th anniversary; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Our Lady of Good Hope Chapel on the occasion of its 150th anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Fortson, Jaukeem; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and congratulating Jaukeem Fortson; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Batchelor, Julia Christine Hendrix; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Julia Christine Hendrix Batchelor; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Edwards, Julian Ward; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Julian Ward Edwards; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Whitmire, Chief Deputy Tommy; outstanding public service as Chief Deputy Sheriff of Hart County; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Chief Deputy Tommy Whitmire on his outstanding public service as Chief Deputy Sheriff of Hart County; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Thomas, Sheriff Stevie; outstanding public service as Sheriff of Franklin County; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Sheriff Stevie Thomas on his outstanding public service as Sheriff of Franklin County; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cleveland, Sheriff Mike; outstanding public service as Sheriff of Hart County; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Sheriff Mike Cleveland on his outstanding public service as Sheriff of Hart County; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Shirley, Sheriff Randy; outstanding public service as Sheriff of Stephens County; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Sheriff Randy Shirley on his outstanding public service as Sheriff of Stephens County; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Rivers, Hannah; Trion High School's 2024 STAR Student; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Hannah Rivers, Trion High School's 2024 STAR Student; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lemmings, Alex; Chattooga High School's 2024 STAR Student; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Alexis Lemmings, Chattooga High School's 2024 STAR Student; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Greer, Gene; Chattooga High School's 2024 STAR Teacher; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Gene Greer, Chattooga High School's 2024 STAR Teacher; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: McDonald, Caleb; Coosa High School's 2024 STAR Teacher; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Caleb McDonald, Coosa High School's 2024 STAR Teacher; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Pickleball Day at the state capitol; March 26, 2024; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 26, 2024, as Pickleball Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Sotomayor, Dr. Gerardo L.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dr. Gerardo L. Sotomayor; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Reece, Caden; Coosa High School's 2024 STAR Student; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Caden Reece, Coosa High School's 2024 STAR Student; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Gallman, Walker; Model High School's 2024 STAR Student; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Walker Gallman, Model High School's 2024 STAR Student; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Sutton, Kristi; Model High School's 2024 STAR Teacher; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Kristi Sutton, Model High School's 2024 STAR Teacher; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Patterson, Jennifer; Trion High School's 2024 STAR Teacher; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Jennifer Patterson, Trion High School's 2024 STAR Teacher; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Mitchell, Kenyatta; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Kenyatta Mitchell; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Latino Community Fund Georgia; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Latino Community Fund Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Disability Action Center of Georgia, Inc.; DBA disABILITY LINK; exceptional service to the disability community in metro Atlanta and the State of Georgia; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Disability Action Center of Georgia Inc., DBA disABILITY LINK, for its exceptional service to the disability community in metro Atlanta and the State of Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cruz, Rev. Dr. Rodrigo; his family, and The Nett United Methodist church family; their contributions to the community and their commitment to furthering a credible witness of the Gospel of Jesus Christ; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Rev. Dr. Rodrigo Cruz, his family, and The Nett United Methodist Church family for their contributions to the community and their commitment to furthering a credible witness of the Gospel of Jesus Christ; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Mughal, Honorable Shaharyar A.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring and remembering the life of the Honorable Shaharyar A. Mughal; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Banton-Lofter, Princess; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Princess Banton-Lofter; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dupart, Jesseca "Judy"; Influential Women of Georgia Day; 03/26/24; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Jesseca "Judy" Dupart and recognizing March 26, 2024, as Influential Women of Georgia Day; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: 100 Black Men of America Inc. Day at the state capitol; 02/26/24; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 26, 2024, as 100 Black Men of America Inc. Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: National Coalition of 100 Black Women Inc. Day at the state capitol; 02/26/24; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 26, 2024, as National Coalition of 100 Black Women Inc. Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Burns, Right Honorable Sir Simon; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Right Honorable Sir Simon Burns; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Echols, Jacqueline, PhD; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Jacqueline Echols, PhD; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Binney, Stephen; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Stephen Binney; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: James, Sandra; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Sandra James; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Mustaf, Jaeden; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Jaeden Mustaf; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jackson, Bishop Reginald Thomas; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Bishop Reginald Thomas Jackson; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Chesney, Rita; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Rita Chesney; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Migrant Equity Southeast; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Migrant Equity Southeast; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Glenn, Major Ayanna H.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Major Ayanna H. Glenn; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ray-Head, Dr. Tamika; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dr. Tamika Ray-Head; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Rogers, Earl; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Earl Rogers; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Young, Jasmyn Michelle Jordan; Columbia Elementary School's 2022-2023 Educational Support Staff of the Year; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Jasmyn Michelle Jordan Young, Columbia Elementary School's 2022-2023 Educational Support Staff of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hoyt, J.; Melba Hembree Thomas; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the legacy of J. Hoyt and Melba Hembree Thomas; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Davis, Mr. Joseph Charles; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Mr. Joseph Charles Davis; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Diaz, Manuel; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Manuel Diaz; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: River Remedy Brewing Company; 2024 Heart of the Community Award recipient; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending 2024 Heart of the Community Award recipient River Remedy Brewing Company; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Perry, Deana; 2024 Heart of the Community Award recipient; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending 2024 Heart of the Community Award recipient Deana Perry; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Gaines, Phillip; 2024 Heart of the Community Award recipient; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending 2024 Heart of the Community Award recipient Phillip Gaines; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Fleming, Jimmy F., Jr.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Jimmy F. Fleming Jr.; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Richards, Mimi; 2024 Heart of the Community Award recipient; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending 2024 Heart of the Community Award recipient Mimi Richards; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Love, Dr. Kathy; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dr. Kathy Love; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Collins, LaDonna; 2024 Heart of the Community Award recipient; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending 2024 Heart of the Community Award recipient LaDonna Collins; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Pullen, Ann; 2024 Heart of the Community Award recipient; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending 2024 Heart of the Community Award recipient Ann Pullen; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hight, Terrence "Poppa T", Sr.; 2024 Heart of the Community Award recipient; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending 2024 Heart of the Community Award recipient Terrence "Poppa T" Hight Sr.; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Help for Healthcare Professionals Day; April 6, 2024; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing April 6, 2024, as Help for Healthcare Professionals Day; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Byrd Cookie Company for Baking History since 1924; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Byrd Cookie Company for Baking History since 1924; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Andersen, Tom; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Tom Andersen; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Alareer, Refaat; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Refaat Alareer; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: World Thyroid Day; May 25, 2024; honor of Georgians who experience thyroid conditions, including Hashimoto's thyroiditis; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing May 25, 2024, as World Thyroid Day in honor of Georgians who experience thyroid conditions, including Hashimoto's thyroiditis; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hanbok Day; October 21, 2024; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing October 21, 2024, as Hanbok Day; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Alfayoumi, Wadee; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Wadee Alfayoumi; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Weaver, Fawn; exemplary leadership and contributions to business and philanthropy; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring Fawn Weaver for her exemplary leadership and contributions to business and philanthropy; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hussong, Vaughn; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Vaughn Hussong; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Reddick, Judge Grady K.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Judge Grady K. Reddick; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Mosley, Beth Rahn; outstanding public service as the Probate Judge of Effingham County; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Beth Rahn Mosley on her outstanding public service as the Probate Judge of Effingham County; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Carden, Major General Tom, Jr.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Major General Tom Carden, Jr.; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Political violence has no place in American democracy; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing that political violence has no place in American democracy; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ford, Lena; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Lena Ford; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Yellow Jacket Flying Club; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Yellow Jacket Flying Club; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: McConnell, Dr. Frank J. (Mac); outstanding public service at the University of North Georgia; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dr. Frank J. (Mac) McConnell on his outstanding public service at the University of North Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Valdosta State University women's basketball team; winning the 2024 Gulf South Conference regular season and tournament titles; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Valdosta State University women's basketball team for winning the 2024 Gulf South Conference regular season and tournament titles; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: North Oconee High School boys basketball team; winning the 2024 GHSA Class 4A State Basketball Championship; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the North Oconee High School boys basketball team for winning the 2024 GHSA Class 4A State Basketball Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Herrington, Dr. William T.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dr. William T. Herrington; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: McDaniel, Linda; outstanding public service; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Linda McDaniel on her outstanding public service; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Allen, Lamar; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Lamar Allen; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Griner, Judge Jimmy; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Judge Jimmy Griner; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hawkins, Gocha; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Gocha Hawkins; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Access to in-vitro fertilization in the State of Georgia; support. Description: A RESOLUTION supporting access to in-vitro fertilization in the State of Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Daniel, Zane; 2024 Baby of the House; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing Zane Daniel as the 2024 Baby of the House; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jefferson-Shaw, LoyLene; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending LoyLene Jefferson-Shaw; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lee-Fong, Yana; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Yana Lee-Fong; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Myers, Anne; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Anne Myers; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Southeast Energy Efficiency Alliance; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Southeast Energy Efficiency Alliance; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Wilson, Isabella Tae Nicole; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Isabella Tae Nicole Wilson; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Senate Convened; notify the House of Representatives. Description: A RESOLUTION to notify the House of Representatives that the Senate has convened; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: General Assembly Convened; notify the Governor. Description: A RESOLUTION to notify the Governor that the General Assembly has convened; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Senate Rules; adopt. Description: A RESOLUTION adopting the Rules of the Senate; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Senate Officials, Employees, and Committees; relative. Description: A RESOLUTION relative to officials, employees, and committees in the Senate; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: General Assembly Meetings and Adjournments; relative. Description: A RESOLUTION relative to meetings and adjournments of the General Assembly; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Browning, Susan; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Susan Browning; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Murphy, Judge Harold Lloyd; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Judge Harold Lloyd Murphy; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Together Georgia; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Together Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Easterseals Georgia; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing Easterseals Georgia and its chapters' Champions for Children program; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Holman, Howard; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Howard Holman; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Peterson Family; 100th Anniversary Reunion; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Peterson family upon their 100th anniversary reunion; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Murphy, Judge Harold Loyd; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Judge Harold Loyd Murphy; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Leadership Cobb and the Leadership Cobb Class of 2023; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Leadership Cobb and the Leadership Cobb Class of 2023; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: National Guard Day; recognizing January 26, 2023. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing January 26, 2023, as National Guard Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Consulate-General of Japan in Atlanta; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the 49th anniversary of the Consulate-General of Japan in Atlanta; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Economic Developers Association; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Georgia Economic Developers Association on their efforts to improve the economic development climate of the State of Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: FFA Day; recognizing February 21, 2023. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Georgia Future Farmers of America (FFA) and recognizing February 21, 2023, as FFA Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Family and Consumer Sciences; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Family and Consumer Sciences; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: University of North Georgia; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the University of North Georgia upon its 150th anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Yellow Creek Baptist Church; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Yellow Creek Baptist Church on the occasion of its 200th anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Purnell, Judy; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Judy Purnell on receiving the 2022 Lifetime Achievement Alumni Award from the Tuskegee University College of Arts and Sciences; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hunter, Judge Julius; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Judge Julius Hunter on his outstanding public service; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dudley, Gayle; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Gayle Dudley; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Barker-Wright, Anita; Deputy Chief; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Deputy Chief Anita Barker-Wright upon her retirement; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Williams, Carlos; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Carlos Williams; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hathaway, Saushia; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Saushia Hathaway; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Sistrunk, Otis; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Otis Sistrunk; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Anthony, Damekia; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Damekia Anthony; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bowdon High School Football Team; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Bowdon High School Football team for winning the 2022 Class A Division 2 Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Attorney General; negotiate with the State of Alabama terms of a reciprocal immunity agreement for officials; urge. Description: A RESOLUTION urging the Attorney General to negotiate with the State of Alabama terms of a reciprocal immunity agreement for officials of either state carrying out certain official duties in the territorial limits of the other state that can be adopted by the legislatures of each state; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Waddy, Reverend; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing Reverend Waddy's 40 years of service and his retirement; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Skin Cancer Awareness Day; recognize February 7, 2023. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 7, 2023, as Skin Cancer Awareness Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hemophilia of Georgia; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Hemophilia of Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: 4-H Day; recognize February 8, 2023. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the University of Georgia 4-H Program and Ms. Venya Gunjal, Mrs. Melanie Biersmith, and the 2022-2023 4-H Leadership Teams and recognizing February 8, 2023, as 4-H Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Senate Property Owners' Associations, Homeowners' Associations, and Condominium Associations Study Committee; create. Description: A RESOLUTION creating the Senate Property Owners' Associations, Homeowners' Associations, and Condominium Associations Study Committee; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Moore, Dr. Bernice Rose; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Dr. Bernice Rose Moore nee Whilby; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: "Rosa Parks Day"; recognize February 6, 2023. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the memory of Mrs. Rosa Parks and recognizing February 6, 2023, as "Rosa Parks Day"; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Youth Villages; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Youth Villages; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Leatherwood, Bryce; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Bryce Leatherwood on being the winner of the twenty-second season of "The Voice" television series; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Self-Direction Day; recognize February 22, 2023. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 22, 2023, as Self-Direction Day; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia World Organization of China Painters Day; recognize May 18, 2023. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing May 18, 2023, as the Georgia World Organization of China Painters Day; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Penley, Steve; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Steve Penley; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Council of Probate Court Judges of Georgia; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Council of Probate Court Judges of Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: The Flat Rock Middle School Singers and Ladell Fortune; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending The Flat Rock Middle School Singers and Ladell Fortune; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bennett, Jacob; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Jacob Bennett; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Afterschool Day; recognizing January 25, 2023. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing January 25, 2023, as Afterschool Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: McMillan, Jacob; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Jacob McMillan; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dickey, Michael; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Michael Dickey; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Smith, Bryce; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Bryce Smith; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Kia Day; recognizing January 31, 2023. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Kia's vehicle manufacturing and impact on the state and recognizing January 31, 2023, as Kia Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Evans, John; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending John Evans upon his 90th birthday; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Youth Science & Technology Centers (GYSTC); commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Georgia Youth Science & Technology Centers (GYSTC) as well as the 2023 Don Cargill STEM Scholars for their innovative and integrated teaching of science, technology, engineering, and mathematics in kindergarten through eighth grade classrooms; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Studstill, Jay; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Jay Studstill; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Statewide Independent Living Council of Georgia; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Statewide Independent Living Council of Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: 5th Annual Greater Atlanta HBCU College Fair; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the 5th Annual Greater Atlanta HBCU College Fair; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Delta Sigma Theta Sorority Inc.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Delta Sigma Theta Sorority Inc. for its 110 years of service and recognizing February 27, 2023, as Delta Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Center for Oncology Research and Education; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and congratulating the Georgia Center for Oncology Research and Education for 20 years of service to the State of Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Skeen, Stacey; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Stacey Skeen in celebrating 25 years of dedicated service with the Harbin Agency; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Groover, Paulla R.; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Paulla R. Groover for her 40 years of dedicated service with the Harbin Agency; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Greater Georgia Action Inc.; former United States Senator Kelly Loeffler; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the work and achievements of Greater Georgia Action Inc. as well as its chairwoman, former United States Senator Kelly Loeffler; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Gunther, Chief Lenny; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Chief Lenny Gunther; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: YMCAs of Georgia; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the YMCAs of Georgia for the important work they do in communities across the state promoting a healthy spirit, mind, and body; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: 4-H Day; recognizing February 8, 2023. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the University of Georgia 4-H Program and Ms. Venya Gunjal, Mrs. Melanie Biersmith, and the 2022-2023 4-H Leadership Teams and recognizing February 8, 2023, as 4-H Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Chapter of NOBLE Day; recognizing January 24, 2023. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Georgia Chapter of National Organization of Black Law Enforcement Executives (NOBLE) for its 35 years of service and recognizing January 24, 2023, as Georgia Chapter of NOBLE Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Congenital Heart Defect Awareness Week; recognizing February 7 to 14, 2023. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 7 to 14, 2023, as Congenital Heart Defect Awareness Week at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Children's Day; recognizing March 16, 2023. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 16, 2023, as Children's Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Law Enforcement Appreciation Day; recognizing February 8, 2023. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 8, 2023, as Law Enforcement Appreciation Day at the Capitol and commending law enforcement officers in Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia State University Athletic Department; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Georgia State University Athletic Department for its outstanding accomplishments in athletics and academics in 2022; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Metze, Walter Marvin; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Walter Marvin Metze; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Graziano, Louis; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Louis Graziano on his incredible bravery and his dedication to this country for his efforts in World War II; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Training Program; high-risk athletic activities for children 14 and under on property owned by the state of Georgia; covering important safety information for prevention and treatment of injuries to our young athletes; encourage. Description: A RESOLUTION encouraging any organization that administers or conducts high-risk athletic activities for children 14 and under on property owned, leased, managed, or maintained by the state of Georgia to make accessible to athletic directors and coaches a training program covering important safety information for prevention and treatment of injuries to our young athletes; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Keith, Dr. Lois; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dr. Lois Keith; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Harris II, Michael; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Michael Harris II; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Key, Brent; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Brent Key as the 21st head football coach and J Batt as the 10th director of athletics at the Georgia Institute of Technology; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Good Friday Agreement; honoring. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the 25th anniversary of the Good Friday Agreement; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: CASA Day; recognizing February 2, 2023. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring Georgia Court Appointed Special Advocates (Georgia CASA) and recognizing February 2, 2023, as CASA Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Tax Commissioner; waive certain delinquent ad valorem property taxes; procedures and conditions; provide- CA. Description: A RESOLUTION proposing an amendment to the Constitution so as to authorize the tax commissioner, subject to local governing authority approval, to waive certain delinquent ad valorem property taxes, penalty, and interest for the purpose of placing non-revenue generating and tax delinquent property back to effective utilization status; to provide for procedures and conditions; to provide for related matters; to provide for the submission of this amendment for ratification or rejection; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hashmi, Honorable Abrar H.; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Honorable Abrar H. Hashmi; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Muscogee (Creek) Nation, Cherokee Nation, United Keetoowah Band of Cherokee Indians and All Tribes; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Muscogee (Creek) Nation, Cherokee Nation, United Keetoowah Band of Cherokee Indians, Eastern Band of Cherokee Indians, and the historical tribes that once called Georgia their home, including the Yuchi Tribe, Chickasaw Nation, Seminole Nation, Seminole Tribe of Florida, Shawnee Tribe, and all tribes; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Senate Occupational Licensing Study Committee; create. Description: A RESOLUTION creating the Senate Occupational Licensing Study Committee; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lucas, George; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending George Lucas for his incredible contribution to the creative arts and pop culture era of our times; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Purple Heart State; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing Georgia as a Purple Heart State; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Gwinnett Chamber Loves Georgia Day; recognize February 14, 2023. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 14, 2023, as Gwinnett Chamber Loves Georgia Day; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Hearing Day; recognizing February 15, 2023. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 15, 2023, as Georgia Hearing Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Donatucci, Noah M.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Noah M. Donatucci on attaining the rank of Eagle Scout and earning the Bronze Palm; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Firefighters Recognition Day; recognizing February 7, 2023. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring and commending the firefighters of Georgia and recognizing February 7, 2023, as Firefighters Recognition Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: "Keeping Georgia Wild Day"; recognizing February 6, 2023. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 6, 2023, as the 20th annual "Keeping Georgia Wild Day" at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Multi-Agency Alliance for Children; honoring. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring and commending the Multi-Agency Alliance for Children; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Wilson, Bobby; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Bobby Wilson; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Pierce, Paul; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Paul Pierce upon his retirement; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia's Certified Registered Nurse Anesthetists; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Georgia's Certified Registered Nurse Anesthetists; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Girl Scout Day; recognize February 7, 2023. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 7, 2023, as Girl Scout Day at the state capitol and commending the Girl Scouts as a national leader in providing the best leadership development experience in the world to American girls; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Young Lawyers Division of the State Bar of Georgia; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Young Lawyers Division of the State Bar of Georgia for its 75 years of service; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Visiting Nurse Health System; honoring. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring and commending Visiting Nurse Health System; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Kornacki, Sean; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Sean Kornacki; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Second Mount Zion Baptist Church; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Second Mount Zion Baptist Church; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Communities in Schools; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Communities in Schools; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Crowe, Ronald Anthony "Tony"; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Ronald Anthony "Tony" Crowe; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Young Farmers Day; recognize February 8, 2023. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Georgia Young Farmers Association and recognizing February 8, 2023, as Young Farmers Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Public Library Day; recognize February 8, 2023. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 8, 2023, as Public Library Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Firefighter Standards and Training Council; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending the Georgia Firefighter Standards and Training Council for receiving the Chief V. Kenneth Elmore Memorial Award; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Mercer Law Moot Court Board; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Mercer Law Moot Court Board for winning the 73rd Annual National Moot Court Competition; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bicentennial Celebration in Swainsboro, Georgia; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Bicentennial Celebration in Swainsboro, Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Morris, Clayton and Shirley; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the lives and memories of Clayton and Shirley Morris; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Strolling Thunder Day; recognize February 7, 2023. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 7, 2023, as Strolling Thunder Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bamgbola, Apostle Alexander Oyewole; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Apostle Alexander Oyewole Bamgbola; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jackson-Ransom, Bunnie; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Bunnie Jackson-Ransom; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Moss, Colonel Marcus Lamont; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Colonel Marcus Lamont Moss; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: American Heart Month; February 2023. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the rise of cardiovascular disease as the world's leading cause of preventable death and disability and as the global public health crisis of our generation and supporting the recognition of February 2023 as American Heart Month; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Clayton County Day; recognize February 9, 2023. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 9, 2023, as Clayton County Day at the capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Indian community in the State of Georgia; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Indian community in the State of Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Carroll County Chamber of Commerce; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Carroll County Chamber of Commerce on the occasion of its 68th anniversary and its sister organization Carroll Tomorrow on its 24th anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Her Majesty the Queen Elizabeth II; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Her Majesty the Queen Elizabeth II and her lifelong commitment and dedication in keeping strong relations with the United States; and for other purposes
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Farm Bureau Federation Day; recognize February 14, 2023. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 14, 2023, as Georgia Farm Bureau Federation Day at the capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Albany-Dougherty County Day; recognize February 16, 2023. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Albany Area Chamber of Commerce and recognizing February 16, 2023, as Albany-Dougherty County Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Carver High School; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and congratulating Carver High School for participating in the Peach Bowl Parade; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Psychological Association; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the Georgia Psychological Association; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Red Cross Month in Georgia; recognize March 2023. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Red Cross and recognizing March 2023 as Red Cross Month in Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Garcia, Lisa; Community Supervision Officer; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Community Supervision Officer Lisa Garcia, the Department of Community Supervision 2022 Officer of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Moore, Donna; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Donna Moore, the Department of Community Supervision 2022 Employee of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Human Rights Day; recognize March 15, 2023. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 15, 2023, as Human Rights Day in the State of Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dental Hygienists Appreciation Day; recognize February 9, 2023. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 9, 2023, as Dental Hygienists Appreciation Day; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Senior Citizen Council of Cobb County; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Senior Citizen Council of Cobb County upon its 50th anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Durley, Reverend Dr. Gerald L.; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Reverend Dr. Gerald L. Durley, recipient of the John Lewis & C.T. Vivian Legacy Award; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Louizaire, Ludwidg; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Ludwidg Louizaire, Miss Cobb County 2023; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Key, Charlie; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Charlie Key, Miss Cobb County's Outstanding Teen 2023; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Senate Local Option Sales Tax Study Committee; create. Description: A RESOLUTION creating the Senate Local Option Sales Tax Study Committee; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Vietnam War veterans; honoring. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the 50th anniversary of the return of prisoners of war during Operation Homecoming from February 12, 1973, to April 4, 1973, as a result of the Paris Peace Accords, to remember those still missing and to honor all Vietnam era and Vietnam War veterans and their families; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: State Restaurant Day; recognize February 22, 2023. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the restaurant industry of Georgia and recognizing February 22, 2023, as State Restaurant Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Landreth, Mrs. Barbara Andrews; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Mrs. Barbara Andrews Landreth's retirement and service as Georgia's longest serving teacher; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Burson, Buffie; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Buffie Burson on her 600th career victory; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Sears, Bobby; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Bobby Sears; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Senate Truck Driver Shortages Study Committee; create. Description: A RESOLUTION creating the Senate Truck Driver Shortages Study Committee; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Africa Equity Media; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Africa Equity Media; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Northwest Georgia Logistics Corridor; designate as an official logistics growth corridor in Georgia. Description: A RESOLUTION designating the Northwest Georgia Logistics Corridor as an official logistics growth corridor in Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Brain Awareness Week in Georgia; recognize the week of March 13-19, 2023. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the week of March 13-19, 2023, as Brain Awareness Week in Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Clayton, Xernona; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Xernona Clayton as the first recipient and namesake of the Atlanta-Fulton County Day Foundation Inc. General Assembly Appreciation Reception; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Governor's Honors Program Day; recognize February 22, 2023. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 22, 2023, as Governor's Honors Program Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority Inc. Day; recognizing February 20, 2023. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 20, 2023, as Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority Inc. Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hadwin Jr., Larry W.; Lieutenant Colonel; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Lieutenant Colonel Larry W. Hadwin Jr.; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Commission on Women Champions for Change Day; recognize February 23, 2023. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 23, 2023, as Georgia Commission on Women Champions for Change Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Clark Atlanta University Day; recognize February 21, 2023. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 21, 2023, as Clark Atlanta University Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Muhammad Ali Day; recognize January 17, 2023. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing January 17, 2023, as Muhammad Ali Day; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dyslexia Day; recognize February 21, 2023. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 21, 2023, as Dyslexia Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Career and Technical Student Organizations Day; recognize February 23, 2023. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 2023 as Career and Technical Education Month and February 23, 2023, as Georgia Career and Technical Student Organizations Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Nelson, Sherry; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Sherry Nelson for receiving the 2023 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dillard, Professor William C.; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Professor William C. Dillard; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Barnes, Command Sergeant Major (Ret.) Maxcine; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Command Sergeant Major (Ret.) Maxcine Barnes; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Speech-Language-Hearing Association; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the Georgia Speech-Language-Hearing Association; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Academy of Audiology; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the Georgia Academy of Audiology; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Joint Study Committee on Dual Enrollment for Highly Skilled Talent at Younger Ages; create. Description: A RESOLUTION creating the Joint Study Committee on Dual Enrollment for Highly Skilled Talent at Younger Ages; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Taiwan; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Taiwan for its relations with the United States and the State of Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Greater Augusta's Interfaith Coalition; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Greater Augusta's Interfaith Coalition; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Wicks, Major (Ret.) Kenya Uganda; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Major (Ret.) Kenya Uganda Wicks; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lupus Advocacy Day; recognize February 23, 2023. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the work of the Lupus Foundation of America and recognizing February 23, 2023, as Lupus Advocacy Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Downer-McKinney, Denise; Rome Police Chief; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Rome Police Chief Denise Downer-McKinney as Georgia's 2022-2023 Outstanding Police Chief of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: United in Uniforms Recognition and Memorial Month; recognize May 2023. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the men and women who have served, are serving, or will one day serve either in law enforcement, the military branches of the United States, or as firefighters and recognizing May 2023 as United in Uniforms Recognition and Memorial Month; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Holder, Captain Anthony; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Captain Anthony Holder; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Gordon State College Club Football Highlanders; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Gordon State College Club Football Highlanders for winning the 2022 National Club Football Association National Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Taylor Jr., Captain Henry "Hank"; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Captain Henry "Hank" Taylor Jr.; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dicks, Reverend Terence Alton; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Reverend Terence Alton Dicks; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: CPR training; increasing the survival rate of cardiac arrest and supporting efforts to enhance public awareness; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the success of lay person CPR training in increasing the survival rate of cardiac arrest and supporting efforts to enhance public awareness of the need of such training; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: PAGE Day; recognize February 21, 2023. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Professional Association of Georgia Educators (PAGE) and recognizing February 21, 2023, as PAGE Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: General Assembly; development impact fees for educational purposes; provide -CA. Description: A RESOLUTION proposing an amendment to the Constitution so as to provide that the General Assembly may by general law authorize local boards of education to impose, levy, and collect development impact fees and use the proceeds to pay for a share of the cost of additional educational facilities; to provide for the submission of this amendment for ratification or rejection; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Eat Right Atlanta; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Eat Right Atlanta; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dickens, Collier; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Collier Dickens; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dickens, Colin Joseph; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Colin Joseph Dickens; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Baker, Tesia; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Tesia Baker; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Carlson, Ronald L.; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Ronald L. Carlson; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Martin Jr., Mr. John J. (Sean); commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Mr. John J. (Sean) Martin Jr. for his dedicated service to the Georgia State Senate; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Egyptian American Day; recognize February 23, 2023. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 23, 2023, as Egyptian American Day at the Capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Kelley, Dr. Susan J.; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dr. Susan J. Kelley; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Kappa Alpha Psi Fraternity Day; recognize March 2, 2023. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Kappa Alpha Psi Fraternity Inc. and recognizing March 2, 2023, as Kappa Alpha Psi Fraternity Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Smith, Judge James Stanley; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Judge James Stanley Smith; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: King, Major General John F. King; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Major General John F. King upon the occasion of his military retirement; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Senate Safe Firearm Storage Study Committee; create. Description: A RESOLUTION creating the Senate Safe Firearm Storage Study Committee; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Young, Marjorie Harris; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Marjorie Harris Young; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Farris, Master Sergeant (Ret.) Endya Arnez; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Master Sergeant (Ret.) Endya Arnez Farris; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Brunswick-Golden Isles Day; recognize February 21, 2023. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 21, 2023, as Brunswick-Golden Isles Day at the Capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: 30 Fallen Patriots of Thiokol; memorialize. Description: A RESOLUTION memorializing the 30 Fallen Patriots of Thiokol; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: McNeill, Senator Sheila M.; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Senator Sheila M. McNeill on her outstanding public service; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Black, Gary W.; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Gary W. Black on his outstanding public service; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Goodloe, Kimberly A.; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Kimberly A. Goodloe; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Latin American Chamber of Commerce of Georgia; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Latin American Chamber of Commerce of Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Beazley, Mary Wilson; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Mary Wilson Beazley; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Joint Study Committee on Local Option Sales Tax and Service Delivery Strategy; create. Description: A RESOLUTION creating the Joint Study Committee on Local Option Sales Tax and Service Delivery Strategy; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: GHCC Day; recognize March 7, 2023. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Georgia Hispanic Chamber of Commerce and recognizing March 7, 2023, as GHCC Day at the Capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Groover, Paulla R.; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Paulla R. Groover for her 40 years of dedicated service with the Harbin Agency; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Peanut Month; recognize March 2023. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Georgia peanut industry and recognizing March 2023 as Georgia Peanut Month at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: University of Georgia Archway Partnership; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending the University of Georgia Archway Partnership; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: New Americans Day; recognize February 14, 2023. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 14, 2023, as New Americans Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Strawn, Rusty; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the accomplishments of Rusty Strawn as CEO of Strawn & Co. Insurance, an accomplished golfer, and a dedicated family man; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Henderson School Alumni Association Trust; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Henderson School Alumni Association Trust; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Emergency Medical Services Recognition Day; recognize March 2, 2023. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the emergency medical services professionals of Georgia and recognizing March 2, 2023, as Emergency Medical Services Recognition Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Thomas Sr., Dr. Norman H.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Dr. Norman H. Thomas Sr.; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Adams, Sergeant Sondra Sharp; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Sergeant Sondra Sharp Adams on the occasion of her military retirement; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Izzard, Dr. Laklieshia; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Dr. Laklieshia Izzard for receiving the 2023 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Morton, Bishop James H.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Bishop James H. Morton; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: White Jr., Reverend Dr. R. L.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Reverend Dr. R. L. White Jr.; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: National Wild Turkey Federation Inc.; commemorating the 50th anniversary. Description: A RESOLUTION commemorating the 50th anniversary of the establishment of the National Wild Turkey Federation Inc. and recognizing its significant contributions to scientific wildlife management, research, and habitat conservation as well as its promotion and protection of the long-honored outdoor traditions of the United States of America; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Elbert/Franklin/Hart/Madison County; Georgia Forestry Commission 2022 North Georgia Unit of the Year; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Elbert/Franklin/Hart/Madison County Unit on being named the Georgia Forestry Commission 2022 North Georgia Unit of the Year; the Grady/Thomas County Unit on being named the 2022 South Georgia Unit of the Year; Area 3 on being named the 2022 Forest Protection Area of the Year; Gabe Outlaw on being named the 2022 Forester of the Year; and the Cost Share Team on being named the 2022 Forest Management Team of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Moore, Brett; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Brett Moore, the 2022 NAIFA Advisor Today 4 Under 40; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Evans, Lamar Eugene "Gene"; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Lamar Eugene "Gene" Evans; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Reilly, Antoinette; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Antoinette Reilly; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: United Negro College Fund; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the 79th anniversary of the United Negro College Fund; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Sanders, Chardae Regina "Prima"; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Chardae Regina "Prima" Sanders; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Craver III, Dr. Hasco William; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dr. Hasco William Craver III; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Lineman Appreciation Day; recognize April 10, 2023. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Georgia's linemen and recognizing April 10, 2023, as Georgia Lineman Appreciation Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: 2023 Senate Aides and Senate Academic Aides; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the 2023 Senate Aides and Senate Academic Aides for their exemplary service; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Papadopoulou, Alexandra; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Alexandra Papadopoulou and inviting her to be recognized by the Senate; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Purdue, Starr Hutchings; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Starr Hutchings Purdue; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Boy Scouts of America in Georgia; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Boy Scouts of America in Georgia upon the 2023 Scouts Day at the Capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Oshoniyi, Dr. Atilade Olufemi; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dr. Atilade Olufemi Oshoniyi; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Gold, Mrs. Bridget Iwinose; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Mrs. Bridget Iwinose Gold; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Abdullahi, Mr. Lawal B.; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Mr. Lawal B. Abdullahi; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Adejube, Mr. Bishop Adeyinka; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Mr. Bishop Adeyinka Adejube; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Portman, Margaret; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Margaret Portman; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Mitchko, Madison; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Madison Mitchko; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ballerstedt, Maya; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Maya Ballerstedt; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: City of East Point and the City of South Fulton; take joint action to activate the East Point and South Fulton Hospital Authorities to establish a new hospital; urge. Description: A RESOLUTION urging the City of East Point and the City of South Fulton to take joint action to activate the East Point and South Fulton Hospital Authorities to establish a new hospital to serve the citizens of southern Fulton County; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Senate Rosenwald Schools Study Committee; create. Description: A RESOLUTION creating the Senate Rosenwald Schools Study Committee; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Koo, Mr. Younghoe; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Mr. Younghoe Koo; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Whitmire, Wayne Gerald; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Wayne Gerald Whitmire; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Joyner, Charles David; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Charles David Joyner; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: McFall, Macy; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Macy McFall; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Waymer, Dr. Robert Weston; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Dr. Robert Weston Waymer; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: 5th Annual Greater Atlanta HBCU College Fair; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the 5th Annual Greater Atlanta HBCU College Fair; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Pre-K Week; recognize October 2-6, 2023. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing October 2-6, 2023, as Georgia Pre-K Week; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: O'Brien, Minister Darragh; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Minister Darragh O'Brien on his outstanding public service; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Foxx, Porsche; honoring. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring and commending Porsche Foxx; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Klingshirn, Kristin; honoring. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring and commending Kristin Klingshirn; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cruz, Alichia; honoring. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring and commending Alichia Cruz; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Williams, Wendy F.; honoring. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring and commending Wendy F. Williams; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Shaw, Niecey; honoring. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring and commending Niecey Shaw; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Spelman College Day; recognize March 8, 2023. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 8, 2023, as Spelman College Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Emerson, Archie; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Archie Emerson for receiving the 2023 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: American Society of Landscape Architects (ASLA); recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the American Society of Landscape Architects (ASLA); and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Yadudu, Captain Rabiu Hamisu; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Captain Rabiu Hamisu Yadudu; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: International Diaspora Day; recognize March 13, 2023. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 13, 2023, as International Diaspora Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Capitol Conservation Day; recognize February 21, 2023. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 21, 2023, as Capitol Conservation Day; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Forsh, Chester; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Chester Forsh; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Senate Study Committee on Expanding Georgia's Workforce; create. Description: A RESOLUTION creating the Senate Study Committee on Expanding Georgia's Workforce; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: National Water Safety Month; recognize May 2023. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing May 2023 as National Water Safety Month; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Taylor Sr., Roy Edward; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Roy Edward Taylor Sr.; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Schwarz III, George; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending George Schwarz III; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Senate Study Committee on Certificate of Need Reform; create. Description: A RESOLUTION creating the Senate Study Committee on Certificate of Need Reform; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia College & State University Day; recognize March 9, 2023. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 9, 2023, as Georgia College & State University Day at the state capitol and inviting Georgia College President Mrs. Cathy Cox to be recognized by the Georgia State Senate; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: State of Israel; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the State of Israel upon its 75th anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Senate Study Committee on Foster Care and Adoption; create. Description: A RESOLUTION creating the Senate Study Committee on Foster Care and Adoption; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Howard, Jon B.; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Jon B. Howard; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Albany State University; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Albany State University upon its 120th anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Abraham Baldwin Agricultural College; celebrate. Description: A RESOLUTION celebrating Abraham Baldwin Agricultural College's 115th anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Caston, Ms. Arthena; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Ms. Arthena Caston; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Glanville, Courtenay; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Courtenay Glanville; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia State University's Legislative Health Policy Certificate Program and Advanced Health Policy Institute; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Georgia State University's Legislative Health Policy Certificate Program and Advanced Health Policy Institute; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Balogun, Ayodeji Ibrahim; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Ayodeji Ibrahim Balogun; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Way III, Samuel Albert; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Samuel Albert Way III; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: CPR Training; increasing the survival rate of cardiac arrest and supporting efforts to enhance public awareness; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the success of lay person CPR training in increasing the survival rate of cardiac arrest and supporting efforts to enhance public awareness of the need of such training; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Armuchee High School Lady Indians; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Armuchee High School Lady Indians for winning the 2022-2023 GHSA Class A Cheerleading State Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Armuchee High School Indians; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Armuchee High School Indians for winning the 2022 GHSA Class A Division I Cross Country State Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hayes, Sydni; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Sydni Hayes; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Verner, Dorothy; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Dorothy Verner; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Clark, Mr. David Robert; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Mr. David Robert Clark; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Tomlinson, Reverend Eddie J.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Reverend Eddie J. Tomlinson; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Conyers Cherry Blossom Festival; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating the Conyers Cherry Blossom Festival for its outstanding efforts to foster a long and steady friendship between the City of Conyers and country of Japan; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jenkins, Jabez and Christopher; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Jabez and Christopher Jenkins; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: RSV Immunization Technologies; vaccines and monoclonal antibodies within the federal VFC program; support the inclusion. Description: A RESOLUTION supporting the inclusion of new RSV immunization technologies, including vaccines and monoclonal antibodies, within the federal VFC program; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hiram Hornets; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Hiram Hornets; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: March of Dimes; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending March of Dimes upon its 85th anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Habersham EMC Lineman Rodeo Team; honor. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring and congratulating the Habersham EMC Lineman Rodeo Team on being named first place overall winners in the REA Electric Co-Op Division at the International Lineman's Rodeo; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Stokes, Ralph; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Ralph Stokes; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Headd, Pastor Avery; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Pastor Avery Headd on the occasion of his 28th pastoral anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Pi Day; recognize March 14, 2023. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 14, 2023, as Pi Day; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Nurses Day; recognize March 16, 2023. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 16, 2023, as Nurses Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bailey Jr., Roland "Champ"; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Roland "Champ" Bailey Jr.; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: GALEO; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending GALEO upon the occasion of their 20th anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Clayton, Lieutenant Colonel Duane; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Lieutenant Colonel Duane Clayton upon his retirement; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Barakoti, Sushma; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Sushma Barakoti; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Senate Study Committee on Improving Family Caregiver Services; create. Description: A RESOLUTION creating the Senate Study Committee on Improving Family Caregiver Services; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Civil Air Patrol; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the Civil Air Patrol for their service to the citizens of Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dollar, Pastors Creflo and Taffi; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Pastor Creflo Dollar and Pastor Taffi Dollar; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Broom, Mayor Bianca Motley; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Mayor Bianca Motley Broom on her outstanding public service; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ingraham, Mayor Deana Holiday; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Mayor Deana Holiday Ingraham on her outstanding public service; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Williams, Mayor Vince; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Mayor Vince Williams on his outstanding public service; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Avery, Mayor Mario B.; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Mayor Mario B. Avery on his outstanding public service; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Thornton, Charles Elliot; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Charles Elliot Thornton; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Essel, Henrietta; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Henrietta Essel; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Essel, Isaac; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Isaac Essel; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Rules of the Senate; amend. Description: A RESOLUTION amending the Rules of the Senate; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Smaila, Ambassador Amina Amira; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Ambassador Amina Amira Smaila; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Levitas, Elliott; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Elliott Levitas; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia SERVES Day; recognize March 15, 2023. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 15, 2023, as Georgia SERVES Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: AmeriCorps Week Georgia; recognize March 12-18, 2023. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 12-18, 2023, as AmeriCorps Week Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Mohammad Inamullah; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Mohammad Inamullah and the Glitter of Hope Foundation; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Community Champions Initiative; support. Description: A RESOLUTION supporting the Community Champions Initiative; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Morris Brown College Day; recognize March 23, 2023. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 23, 2023, as Morris Brown College Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Podiatry Day; recognize March 15, 2023. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 15, 2023, as Podiatry Day at the Capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Purebred Dog Day; recognize May 1, 2023. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the benefits and contributions of purebred dogs and recognizing May 1, 2023, as Purebred Dog Day in the State of Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: World Down Syndrome Day; recognize March 21, 2023. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 21, 2023, as World Down Syndrome Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: St. Pierre, Amy Wald; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Amy Wald St. Pierre; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Empire Board of Realtists Day; recognize March 13, 2023. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 13, 2023, as Empire Board of Realtists Day at the Capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, Incorporated Kappa Omega Chapter; celebrate. Description: A RESOLUTION celebrating and commending Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, Incorporated Kappa Omega Chapter for 100 years of service to all mankind; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Colorectal Cancer Awareness Month; recognize March 2023. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 2023 as Colorectal Cancer Awareness Month; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Philadelphia College of Osteopathic Medicine South Georgia; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Philadelphia College of Osteopathic Medicine South Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Historically Black Colleges and Universities (HBCU) Heritage Day; recognize March 20, 2023. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 20, 2023, as Historically Black Colleges and Universities (HBCU) Heritage Day, a day to honor the critical role of HBCUs; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Association of Georgia General Aviation Airports; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the Association of Georgia General Aviation Airports as an industry association for general aviation airports in the State of Georgia and its corporate affiliates; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Senate American Korean Friendship Caucus; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Senate American Korean Friendship Caucus; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Spectrum Autism Support Group's 25th Anniversary; celebrate. Description: A RESOLUTION celebrating Spectrum Autism Support Group's 25th Anniversary and recognizing its provision of support, education, and resources to individuals and families impacted by autism in Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Truth and Union Lodge #594; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Truth and Union Lodge #594; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Oliver, Matthew; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Matthew Oliver; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Johnson, Cora; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Cora Johnson; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cephas, Fred; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Fred Cephas; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Verniero, Honorable Colonel Dr. Samuel; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the accomplishments of the Honorable Colonel Dr. Samuel Verniero through his life's work and his Verniero Commission; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Broom, Mayor Bianca Motley; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Mayor Bianca Motley Broom on her outstanding public service; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Morris Brown College Day; recognize March 23, 2023. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 23, 2023, as Morris Brown College Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: 319th Transportation Company of the Central Savannah River Area; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the 319th Transportation Company of the Central Savannah River Area; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Festival of Navroz; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the festival of Navroz as well as the Shia Ismaili Muslim community residing in and contributing to the State of Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Levengood, J. Michael; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending J. Michael Levengood; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Gwinnett Chatt Outreach; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Gwinnett Chatt Outreach; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: John Milledge Academy Varsity Football Team; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the John Milledge Academy Varsity Football Team; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Piedmont Academy Girls' Basketball Team; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Piedmont Academy girls' basketball team; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Senate Study Committee on Rural Medical Personnel Recruitment; create. Description: A RESOLUTION creating the Senate Study Committee on Rural Medical Personnel Recruitment; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: The Newnan-Coweta Chamber of Commerce; celebrate. Description: A RESOLUTION celebrating the 75th anniversary of The Newnan-Coweta Chamber of Commerce; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: North Paulding Varsity Women's Basketball Team; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the North Paulding varsity women's basketball team; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: North Paulding Wolfpack; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the North Paulding Wolfpack; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Kittila, Audrey; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Audrey Kittila, Miss Atlanta 2023; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Schipof, Tara; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Tara Schipof, Miss Capital City 2023; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Zhang, Melanie; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Melanie Zhang, Miss Greater Atlanta 2023; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cline, Mara Eva; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Mara Eva Cline, Miss Atlanta Teen 2023; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Rach, Riley Wolfe; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Riley Wolfe Rach, Miss Capital City Teen 2023; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Manous, Carrington; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Carrington Manous, Miss Greater Atlanta Teen 2023; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Wicks, Major (Ret.) Kenya Uganda; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Major (Ret.) Kenya Uganda Wicks; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Fludd, Carolyn K.; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Carolyn K. Fludd; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ware County High School Football Team; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Ware County High School football team for winning the 2022 GHSA Class 5A State Football Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Community Champions Initiative; support. Description: A RESOLUTION supporting the Community Champions Initiative created by Union County Commissioner Lamar Paris and City of Blairsville Mayor Jim Conley; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Muscogee (Creek) Nation, Cherokee Nation, United Keetoowah Band of Cherokee Indians, Eastern Band of Cherokee Indians; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Muscogee (Creek) Nation, Cherokee Nation, United Keetoowah Band of Cherokee Indians, Eastern Band of Cherokee Indians, and the historical tribes that once called Georgia their home, including the Yuchi Tribe, Chickasaw Nation, Seminole Nation, Seminole Tribe of Florida, Shawnee Tribe, and all tribes; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jewish Family & Career Services Volunteers; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the volunteers of Jewish Family & Career Services; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Farmworker Awareness Week; recognize March 25-31, 2023. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 25-31, 2023, as Farmworker Awareness Week; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: King's Ridge Christian School Men's Basketball Team; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the King's Ridge Christian School men's basketball team for winning the 2023 GHSA Class A Division 1 State Basketball Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: DeKalb Day; recognize March 23, 2023. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 23, 2023, as DeKalb Day; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jacobs, President Bonita; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending President Bonita Jacobs of North Georgia College and State University upon her retirement; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Williams, Reverend Dr. Thomas E.; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Reverend Dr. Thomas E. Williams; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hooks, Jones; Executive Director of Jekyll Island Authority; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Jekyll Island Authority Executive Director Jones Hooks on his outstanding public service and retirement; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Priester, Reverend Bill; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Reverend Bill Priester for his faithful 50 years of service to the community and people of Flat Creek Baptist Church; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Patel, Harshad; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Humanity Institute and founder Harshad Patel; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Boynton, Dr. Maria; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dr. Maria Boynton; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Columbus (GA) Alumnae Chapter of Delta Sigma Theta Sorority Inc. Charter Day; recognize February 14, 2023. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 14, 2023, as the Columbus (GA) Alumnae Chapter of Delta Sigma Theta Sorority Inc. Charter Day; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Joint Teacher Recruitment and Retention Initiative of the Cobb County School District and Coweta County School System; support. Description: A RESOLUTION supporting the Joint Teacher Recruitment and Retention Initiative of the Cobb County School District and Coweta County School System; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Wilson, Erika; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Erika Wilson; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jack and Jill of America, Inc.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Jack and Jill of America, Inc.; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Sims-Alvarado, Dr. Karcheik; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dr. Karcheik Sims-Alvarado; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Oli, Zoe; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Zoe Oli; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: National Council of Negro Women; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the National Council of Negro Women; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Venable, Dr. Margaret H.; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dr. Margaret H. Venable; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Schiphof, Tara; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Tara Schiphof, Miss Capital City 2023; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Gallo, Alexander John; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Alexander John Gallo for his service to God, his family, and his country; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Atherosclerotic Cardiovascular Disease; support the improvement. Description: A RESOLUTION supporting the improvement of the care of atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: William Alfred Fountain High School Alumni; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the alumni of the William Alfred Fountain High School upon the sixth annual Fountain High School Alumni Breakfast; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Mitcham, Mary Ann; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Mary Ann Mitcham; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Justus, Hudson; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Hudson Justus; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Reach Out and Read Day; recognize March 23, 2023. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 23, 2023, as Reach Out and Read Day at the state capitol to recognize the power of reading to young children every day; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Primitive Baptists in the State of Georgia; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Primitive Baptists in the State of Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hubbard-Brooks, Dr. Delores; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dr. Delores Hubbard-Brooks; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Third Annual Yoruba Cultural Days Celebration in Georgia; recognize May 15-16, 2023. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the Third Annual Yoruba Cultural Days Celebration in Georgia on May 15-16, 2023; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Oba Oluwu of Owu Kingdom Professor Saka Matemilola; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending His Royal Majesty, the Oba Oluwu of Owu Kingdom Professor Saka Matemilola; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Folsom, Thomasenor Ballard; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending a great educator and honoring the life and memory of Thomasenor Ballard Folsom; and other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lang, Sarah; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Sarah Lang; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ramadan; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the Islamic holy month of Ramadan, commencing a month of fasting and spiritual renewal, and extending best wishes to all in Georgia and around the world for a joyous and meaningful observance of Eid al-Fitr; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Country of Bangladesh; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Country of Bangladesh; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Golf; positive economic impact on the State of Georgia; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the positive economic impact of golf on the State of Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Rogers, Keenan; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Keenan Rogers; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Mays, Director Fred; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Director Fred Mays; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Senate Convened; notify the House of Representatives. Description: A RESOLUTION to notify the House of Representatives that the Senate has convened; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: General Assembly Convened; notify the Governor. Description: A RESOLUTION to notify the Governor that the General Assembly has convened; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Farm Bureau Federation Day; recognize February 13, 2024. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 13, 2024, as Georgia Farm Bureau Federation Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lockheed Martin C-130 Hercules; commemorating the 70th anniversary of the first flight. Description: A RESOLUTION commemorating the 70th anniversary of the first flight of the Lockheed Martin C-130 Hercules transport aircraft; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Acua Jr., Ronald; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Ronald Acua Jr.; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Together Georgia; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing Together Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Tillery, Jeffery Scott "Scotty"; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Jeffery Scott "Scotty" Tillery; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Consulate-General of Japan in Atlanta; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the 50th anniversary of the Consulate-General of Japan in Atlanta; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: National Guard Day; recognize January 25, 2024. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing January 25, 2024, as National Guard Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bremer, Karen; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Karen Bremer; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Woods, Marcus; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Marcus Woods; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Shears, Jamal; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Jamal Shears; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: State Election Board; appoint Rick Jeffares. Description: A RESOLUTION appointing Rick Jeffares to the State Election Board; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Aerospace Day; recognize January 16, 2024. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the Middle Georgia State University School of Aviation and recognizing January 16, 2024, as Georgia Aerospace Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: International Holocaust Remembrance Day; recognize January 27, 2024. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing January 27, 2024, as International Holocaust Remembrance Day; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Mitchell, Malcolm; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Malcolm Mitchell; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Congenital Heart Defect Awareness Week; recognize February 7 to 14, 2024. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 7 to 14, 2024, as Congenital Heart Defect Awareness Week at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Cancer Control Consortium; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Georgia Cancer Control Consortium as part of the Georgia Department of Public Health, HPV Cancer Free GA, Cancer Pathway, and The Susan Jolley Awareness Program for their exceptional contributions to cervical cancer education and awareness in Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Atlanta Vibe Professional Women's Indoor Volleyball Team; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Atlanta Vibe professional women's indoor volleyball team; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Speech-Language-Hearing Association; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Georgia Speech-Language-Hearing Association; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Rockmart Yellowjackets Football Team; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Rockmart Yellowjackets football team on their outstanding 2023 season; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lions Day; recognize February 7, 2024. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 7, 2024, as Lions Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lewis, Jimmie; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Jimmie Lewis; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: 2023 Raider National Champions (Mixed Team); congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Georgia Military College and congratulating the preparatory school's JROTC team on being the 2023 Raider National Champions (Mixed Team); and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Children's Advocacy Centers of Georgia Day; recognize February 7, 2024. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 7, 2024, as Children's Advocacy Centers of Georgia Day in the State of Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: American Foundation for Suicide Prevention; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the American Foundation for Suicide Prevention and its Georgia chapter; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lewis, Haley; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Haley Lewis, the 2023 Employee of the Year for the Department of Community Supervision; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ledbetter, Esq., Darryl Orlando; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Darryl Orlando Ledbetter, Esq.; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jones, Kyle M.; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Kyle M. Jones; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Abraham, Julius G.; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Julius G. Abraham; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: McCord, Charles M.; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Charles M. McCord; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hill, Judge Kellie; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Judge Kellie Hill; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Metzger, Makia; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Makia Metzger on her outstanding public service; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Brown, Judge Angela; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Judge Angela Brown on her outstanding public service; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Senate Special Committee on Investigations; create. Description: A RESOLUTION creating the Senate Special Committee on Investigations; to provide for the issuance of compulsory process to secure the attendance of witnesses or the production of documents and materials; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Broadwater Sr.; Marvin; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Marvin Broadwater Sr.; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: McIntyre, Sgt. Marc Andrew; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Sgt. Marc Andrew McIntyre; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cates, Reverend Roy; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Reverend Roy Cates on the occasion of his 44th pastoral anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Pierce County High School Bears Football Team; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Pierce County High School Bears football team on their 2023 State 2A football championship; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Senate Study Committee on the Preservation of Georgia's Farmlands; create. Description: A RESOLUTION creating the Senate Study Committee on the Preservation of Georgia's Farmlands; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Senate Study Committee on Access to Affordable Child Care; create. Description: A RESOLUTION creating the Senate Study Committee on Access to Affordable Child Care; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: National Career Readiness Certificate; Pulaski, Peach, Houston, and other middle Georgia counties; honor efforts by becoming a certified work ready community. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the efforts of Pulaski, Peach, Houston, and other middle Georgia counties in their efforts through ACT to give the local workforce a competitive advantage to support and grow existing businesses and attract new businesses by becoming a certified work ready community; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Licensed Professional Counselors Appreciation Day; recognize January 31, 2024. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing January 31, 2024, as Licensed Professional Counselors Appreciation Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: 4-H Day; recognize February 14, 2024. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the University of Georgia 4-H Program, Thomas Holt, Melanie Biersmith, and the 2023-2024 4-H leadership teams and award winners and recognizing February 14, 2024, as 4-H Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Office of the Child Advocate for the Protection of Children; quality legal representation for parents, children and youth, and child welfare agencies at all stages of child welfare proceedings; urge partnership. Description: A RESOLUTION urging partnership among the Office of the Child Advocate for the Protection of Children, the Division of Family and Children Services of the Department of Human Services, and the boards of commissioners for all Georgia counties to promote the provision of quality legal representation for parents, children and youth, and child welfare agencies at all stages of child welfare proceedings; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Easterseals and its Georgia Chapters; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Easterseals and all its Georgia chapters; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Senate Study Committee on Artificial Intelligence; create. Description: A RESOLUTION creating the Senate Study Committee on Artificial Intelligence; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Gwinnett Chamber Day; recognize February 6, 2024. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 6, 2024, as Gwinnett Chamber Day; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Weizenecker, Dr. Richard; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Dr. Richard Weizenecker; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cedartown High School Game Day Cheerleaders; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Cedartown High School Game Day Cheerleaders for winning the GHSA 3A-4A Division State Game Day Cheerleaders 2023 Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: YMCAs of Georgia; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the YMCAs of Georgia for the important work they do in communities across the state promoting a healthy spirit, mind, and body; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Pape, Sierra; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Sierra Pape; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cobb County Sheriff's Office; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Cobb County Sheriff's Office; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: University of North Georgia Women's Softball Team; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the University of North Georgia women's softball team for winning the 2023 NCAA Division II Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Taiwan; its relations with the United States and the State of Georgia; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Taiwan for its relations with the United States and the State of Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Saint Joseph's Mercy Care Services; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Saint Joseph's Mercy Care Services; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Minix, Deputy Eric Anthony; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Deputy Eric Anthony Minix; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia's Certified Registered Nurse Anesthetists; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Georgia's Certified Registered Nurse Anesthetists; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Self-Direction Day; recognize February 15, 2024. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 15, 2024, as Self-Direction Day; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Smith, Bobby "Blue"; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Bobby "Blue" Smith; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Police Chiefs and Heads of Law Enforcement Agencies Recognition Day; recognize January 31, 2024. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing January 31, 2024, as Police Chiefs and Heads of Law Enforcement Agencies Recognition Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dunwoody Police Chief William J. "Billy" Grogan; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dunwoody Police Chief William J. "Billy" Grogan as Georgia's 2023-2024 Outstanding Police Chief of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Rear Admiral Casey W. Coane, U.S. Navy (Ret.); recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Rear Admiral Casey W. Coane, U.S. Navy (Ret.); and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Mission: Readiness and its membership in Georgia; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Mission: Readiness and its membership in Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Macon Day; recognize February 1, 2024. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 1, 2024, as Macon Day at the state capitol and commending and congratulating Leadership Macon; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Wear Red Day; recognize February 1, 2024. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 1, 2024, as Wear Red Day; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Delta Day; recognize January 29, 2024. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, Inc. for its 111 years of service and recognizing January 29, 2024, as Delta Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Gibeling Jr., Robert "Bob" Walter; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Robert "Bob" Walter Gibeling Jr.; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jenkins, Clemmie C.; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Clemmie C. Jenkins; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Darden, Bertha Mae Newkirt; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Bertha Mae Newkirt Darden; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Albany-Dougherty County Day; recognize January 30, 2024. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Albany Area Chamber of Commerce and recognizing January 30, 2024, as Albany-Dougherty County Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Multiple Sclerosis Awareness Day; recognize January 29, 2024. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing January 29, 2024, as Multiple Sclerosis Awareness Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Rosa Parks Day; recognize February 5, 2024. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the memory of Mrs. Rosa Parks and recognizing February 5, 2024, as Rosa Parks Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Favors, Cashmere; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Cashmere Favors; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Larch, Diane; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Diane Larch; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Coburn, Melody Michelle; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Melody Michelle Coburn; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Wine Month; recognize March 2024. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 2024 as Georgia Wine Month; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia PlanFirst communities; several cities upon their designation; honor. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring several cities upon their designation as Georgia PlanFirst communities; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Greenbriar Children's Center; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Greenbriar Children's Center; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Keep Georgia Beautiful Day; recognize February 8, 2024. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 8, 2024, as Keep Georgia Beautiful Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Moses, Edwin; honor. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring and recognizing Edwin Moses; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Buescher, Cathy; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Cathy Buescher; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority Inc. Day; recognize February 12, 2024. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 12, 2024, as Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority Inc. Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Williams, Joseph; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Joseph Williams; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Tymchuk, Mary Eloise; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Mary Eloise Tymchuk; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Empire Board of Realtists Inc.; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Empire Board of Realtists Inc. upon its 85th anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dyslexia Day; recognize January 31, 2024. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing January 31, 2024, as Dyslexia Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Walker, Catherine; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Catherine Walker; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: McGee, Dell; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dell McGee; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Senate Study Committee on Veterans' Mental Health and Housing; create. Description: A RESOLUTION creating the Senate Study Committee on Veterans' Mental Health and Housing; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Harkness, Mr. Alan; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating Mr. Alan Harkness; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Kennebrew, Versandra; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Versandra Kennebrew; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Turner, Walt; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Walt Turner; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Smith, Mitchell; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Mitchell Smith; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: 2024 Miss Atlanta Competition; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the winners of the 2024 Miss Atlanta Competition; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Johnston, Vickie Renee; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Vickie Renee Johnston; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Hearing Day; recognize February 20, 2024. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 20, 2024, as Georgia Hearing Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Perimeter College at Georgia State University; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and celebrating Perimeter College at Georgia State University on the grand occasion of its 60th anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Harlem High School Bulldogs Baseball Team; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Harlem High School Bulldogs baseball team for winning the 2023 GHSA Class AAA State Baseball Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Colorectal Cancer Screenings; change of the minimum age; encourage. Description: A RESOLUTION encouraging the changing of the minimum age of colorectal cancer screenings; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: America's Borders; increased protections; support. Description: A RESOLUTION supporting increased protections for America's borders; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Sullivan, Blake; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Blake Sullivan; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Mercer Law Day; recognize February 13, 2024. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Mercer University School of Law upon its 150th anniversary and recognizing February 13, 2024, as Mercer Law Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes. Commending the Mercer University School of Law upon its 150th anniversary and recognizing February 13, 2024, as Mercer Law Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Todd, Christy; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Christy Todd, the 2024 Georgia Teacher of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Arts Day; recognize February 5, 2024. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 5, 2024, as Georgia Arts Day in Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Girl Scout Day; recognize February 6, 2024. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 6, 2024, as Girl Scout Day at the state capitol and commending Girl Scouts as a national leader in providing the best leadership development experience in the world to American girls; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Firefighters Recognition Day; recognize February 6, 2024. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring and commending the firefighters of Georgia and recognizing February 6, 2024, as Firefighters Recognition Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: REALTOR Day; recognize February 8, 2024. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Georgia Association of REALTORS and recognizing February 8, 2024, as REALTOR Day at the Dome; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Stand With Survivors Day; recognize February 7, 2024. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 7, 2024, as Stand With Survivors Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dental Hygienists Appreciation Day; recognize February 8, 2024. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 8, 2024, as Dental Hygienists Appreciation Day; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lions Day; recognize February 8, 2024. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 8, 2024, as Lions Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: FFA Day; recognize February 20, 2024. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Georgia FFA Association and recognizing February 20, 2024, as FFA Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lester, Temple; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Temple Lester; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Lineworker Appreciation Day; recognize April 8, 2024. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Georgia's lineworkers and recognizing April 8, 2024, as Georgia Lineworker Appreciation Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Avarita Laurel Hanson, Esq.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Avarita Laurel Hanson, Esq.; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Donor Day; recognize February 15, 2024. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 15, 2024, as Donor Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Clark Atlanta University Day (CAU); recognize February 2, 2024. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 2, 2024, as Clark Atlanta University Day (CAU) at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Read Aloud Day; recognize February 7, 2024. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 7, 2024, as Read Aloud Day; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Teague, Reverend Duncan; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Reverend Duncan Teague on the occasion of his tenth pastoral anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Justice Project; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Georgia Justice Project; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Carson, Donald Clinton; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Donald Clinton Carson; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Perry High School Panthers Football Team; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Perry High School Panthers football team for winning the 2023 GHSA Class 4A State Football Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Glass, Christine Lowe; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Christine Lowe Glass; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Waterfall Capital of Georgia; recognize Rabun County. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing Rabun County as the Waterfall Capital of Georgia, and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Causey, Eldred; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Eldred Causey on the occasion of his 100th birthday; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Senate Supporting Safety and Welfare of All Individuals in Department of Corrections Facilities Study Committee; create. Description: A RESOLUTION creating the Senate Supporting Safety and Welfare of All Individuals in Department of Corrections Facilities Study Committee; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Stiltner, Elmer Tony; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Elmer Tony Stiltner; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Atlanta Dream; recognizing February 7, 2024. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Atlanta Dream and recognizing February 7, 2024, as National Girls and Women in Sports Day; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Miss Georgia Peach Scholarship Pageant; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Miss Georgia Peach Scholarship Pageant and congratulating the 2023 Georgia Peach Queens; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Southeast Bulloch Flag Football Team; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Southeast Bulloch Flag Football Team; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: National Conference of State Legislatures; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the National Conference of State Legislatures on its 50th anniversary in 2025; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Sgt. Kennedy Ladon Sanders; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Sgt. Kennedy Ladon Sanders; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Sports Betting; Georgia General Assembly to provide by general law for sports betting in this state; authorize -CA. Description: A RESOLUTION proposing an amendment to the Constitution of the State of Georgia so as to authorize the Georgia General Assembly to provide by general law for sports betting in this state; to provide for the regulation and allocation of revenues of such activities; to provide for related matters; to provide for the submission of this amendment for ratification or rejection; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Air Evac Lifeteam; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Air Evac Lifeteam; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Thurmond, Michael; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Michael Thurmond; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Vidalia High School Game Day Cheerleading Team; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Vidalia High School Game Day Cheerleading Team for winning the GHSA Division AA-A State Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dr. Robert F. Sullivan Memorial Highway; Franklin County; dedicate. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life of Dr. Robert F. Sullivan and dedicating a road in his memory; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Engineers Day; recognize February 13, 2024. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 13, 2024, as Engineers Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Raymond IV, Usher; honor. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring and commending Usher Raymond IV; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Thomas, Ashley; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Ashley Thomas, Stephenson High School's 2024 Teacher of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Afterschool Day; recognize February 14, 2024. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 14, 2024, as Afterschool Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia's Animal Shelters; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Georgia's animal shelters and rescue staff and volunteers; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: BOMA Georgia Day; recognize February 20, 2024. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Building Owners and Managers Association of Georgia (BOMA Georgia) and recognizing February 20, 2024, as BOMA Georgia Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Boy Scouts of America in Georgia; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Boy Scouts of America in Georgia upon the 2024 Scouts Day at the Capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: NFIB's Small Business Day; recognize February 13, 2024. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the National Federation of Independent Business (NFIB) in Georgia and recognizing February 13, 2024, as NFIB's Small Business Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Fielding, Ashley; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Ashley Fielding on her outstanding public service in numerous capacities with the State of Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: New Americans Day; recognize February 13, 2024. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 13, 2024, as New Americans Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Career and Technical Student Organizations Day; recognize February 2024 as Career and Technical Education Month and February 22, 2024. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 2024 as Career and Technical Education Month and February 22, 2024, as Georgia Career and Technical Student Organizations Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Green Industry Association; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Georgia Green Industry Association; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Center for Civic Engagement and Engage Club Programs; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Georgia Center for Civic Engagement and Engage Club programs, which sponsor Youth Assembly among other programs that cultivate youth civic engagement; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Queen Ahneva Ahneva; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Queen Ahneva Ahneva; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Mullins, Broughton "Bo" Chappell; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Broughton "Bo" Chappell Mullins; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Pattillo, Dr. Roland A.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Dr. Roland A. Pattillo; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Clark Atlanta University Day (CAU); recognize February 20, 2024. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 20, 2024, as Clark Atlanta University Day (CAU) at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dawson, Jonathan Ezra; celebrate the birth. Description: A RESOLUTION celebrating the birth of Jonathan Ezra Dawson; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia State University Athletic Department; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Georgia State University Athletic Department for its accomplishments in athletics and academics in 2023; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: State Restaurant Day; recognize February 21, 2024. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the restaurant industry of Georgia and recognizing February 21, 2024, as State Restaurant Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: CASA Day; recognize February 15, 2024. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring Georgia Court Appointed Special Advocates (Georgia CASA) and recognizing February 15, 2024, as CASA Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Preface Project and its founder, Jonathan Sung An Terrence "JT" Wu; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Preface Project and its founder, Jonathan Sung An Terrence "JT" Wu; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Kittila, Audrey; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Audrey Kittila, Miss Cobb County 2024; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Manous, Carrington; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Carrington Manous, Miss Cobb County's Teen 2024; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Princess Trahlyta; dedicate a roundabout in her memory. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the Princess Trahlyta and dedicating a roundabout in her memory; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Law Enforcement Appreciation Day; recognize February 22, 2024. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 22, 2024, as Law Enforcement Appreciation Day at the Capitol and commending law enforcement officers in Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Department of Audits and Accounts; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Georgia Department of Audits and Accounts upon its 100th anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: American Korean Friendship Society Inc.; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the American Korean Friendship Society Inc.; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: King, Audrey; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Audrey King; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Association of Georgia General Aviation Airports; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the Association of Georgia General Aviation Airports as an industry association for general aviation airports in the State of Georgia and its corporate affiliates; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Victims of Human Trafficking Fund; allocation of certain additional penalties and assessments; provide -CA. Description: A RESOLUTION proposing an amendment to the Constitution so as to provide that the General Assembly by general law may provide for the allocation of certain additional penalties and assessments to the Victims of Human Trafficking Fund for the purpose of providing care and rehabilitative and social services to individuals in this state who have been or may be sexually exploited; to provide for related matters; to provide for the submission of this amendment for ratification or rejection; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Tarver, Ed; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Ed Tarver; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Sweetwater Mission; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Sweetwater Mission; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: King, Dexter Scott; honor. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the extraordinary life and legacy of Dexter Scott King, the cherished son of Reverend Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. and Mrs. Coretta Scott King, and acknowledging his immeasurable contributions to the advancement of civil rights and social justice; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: PAGE Day; recognize February 20, 2024. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Professional Association of Georgia Educators (PAGE) and recognizing February 20, 2024, as PAGE Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Shaheed Dibosh and International Mother Language Day; recognize February 21, 2024. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 21, 2024, as Shaheed Dibosh and International Mother Language Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jenkins, Tara; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Tara Jenkins; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Outstanding Atlanta Day; recognize February 27, 2024. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Outstanding Atlanta for its dedication to honoring the service, leadership, and achievement of Atlanta young professionals and recognizing February 27, 2024, as Outstanding Atlanta Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Kia Day; recognize February 13, 2024. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Kia's vehicle manufacturing and impact on the state and recognizing February 13, 2024, as Kia Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: 2023 Technical College System of Georgia Awards Winners; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the 2023 Technical College System of Georgia awards winners; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dabbs, Sr., Rufus Earl; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Rufus Earl Dabbs, Sr.; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Valwood School Varsity Football Team; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Valwood School Varsity Football Team on winning the 2023 GIAA 3A Football Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: School Social Workers Association of Georgia; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the School Social Workers Association of Georgia for its work; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Association of Broadcasters Day; recognize February 28, 2024. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 28, 2024, as the Georgia Association of Broadcasters Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Partnership Against Domestic Violence and its CEO, Katha Blackwell; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and recognizing the Partnership Against Domestic Violence and its CEO, Katha Blackwell; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Clayton State University Day; recognize February 20, 2024. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Clayton State University and recognizing February 20, 2024, as Clayton State University Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lupus Advocacy Day; recognize February 20, 2024. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 20, 2024, as Lupus Advocacy Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hill, Kayla; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Kayla Hill; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Velez, Janette; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Janette Velez; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Baldwin, Adrienne; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Adrienne Baldwin; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia's All Funeral Professionals Recognition Day; designation of February 27, 2024; express support. Description: A RESOLUTION expressing support for the designation of February 27, 2024, as Georgia's All Funeral Professionals Recognition Day; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Moffett, Sgt. Breonna Alexsondria; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Sgt. Breonna Alexsondria Moffett; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hyundai Day; recognize February 26, 2024. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Hyundai Motor Group's dedication to the State of Georgia and recognizing February 26, 2024, as Hyundai Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Brack, Evangelist Willie Bell; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Evangelist Willie Bell Brack; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Wilson, Mrs. Peggy; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Mrs. Peggy Wilson; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Charter Schools Day; recognize February 21, 2024. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 21, 2024, as Charter Schools Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: United Negro College Fund; recognize the 80th anniversary. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the 80th anniversary of the United Negro College Fund; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Academy of Audiology; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Georgia Academy of Audiology; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Type 1 Diabetes Day; recognize March 14, 2024. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Georgia residents who have type 1 diabetes and whose families continually educate and advocate and recognizing March 14, 2024, as Type 1 Diabetes Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Quinton and Mittie King; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Quinton and Mittie King; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Kennesaw State University and Southern Polytechnic State University; honor. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring and commending Kennesaw State University upon its 60th anniversary and Southern Polytechnic State University upon its 75th anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Peer Support and the Associated Certified Peer Specialists Workforce; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the 25th Anniversary of Peer Support and the Associated Certified Peer Specialists Workforce; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Nurses Day; recognize March 7, 2024. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 7, 2024, as Nurses Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Certified Community Midwife Day; recognize February 21, 2024. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Delandra Vinson, Jasmine Bradfield, Nyasha Bonner, Sarah Henderson, Crystal Hanner, Tracy Goddard-Johnson, Rachel Hart, Rhonda Nar Sanders, Melissa Renae Burgess, Paige Beckett, Beverly Maria Cranford, Tamara Taitt, Anjli Hinman, Marsha Ford, Kaci Griffin, Bethany Erby, Janisa Camille Simmons, Teri Boles, Stephanie Crunk, Meka Hall, and Morgan Karaj and recognizing February 21, 2024, as Certified Community Midwife Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jenkins, Gloria; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Gloria Jenkins for receiving the 2024 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Green, Whitney; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Whitney Green, Lithonia High School's 2023 Teacher of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Thomas, Ashley; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Ashley Thomas, Stephenson High School's 2023 Teacher of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Babb, Nalini; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Nalini Babb, Miller Grove High School's 2023 Teacher of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: The Tabernacle Choir at Temple Square and The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending The Tabernacle Choir at Temple Square and The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Wright, Colonel Chris C.; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Colonel Chris C. Wright on his outstanding public service; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Law Enforcement Appreciation Day; recognize February 22, 2024. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 22, 2024, as Law Enforcement Appreciation Day at the Capitol and commending law enforcement officers in Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Fraternal Order of Police Inc. Fulton County Lodge No. 64; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Fraternal Order of Police Inc. Fulton County Lodge No. 64; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hindu Heritage Month; recognize October 2024. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing October 2024 as Hindu Heritage Month; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Blake, Dr. M. Brian; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dr. M. Brian Blake; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Schmelz, Mrs. Mildred; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Mrs. Mildred Schmelz, the 2024 Distinguished Older Georgian; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: 1955 Cannon Street Y.M.C.A All-Stars; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and honoring the legacy and history of the 1955 Cannon Street Y.M.C.A All-Stars; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Sumter County Chamber of Commerce; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending the Sumter County Chamber of Commerce; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Senator Donald E. Cheeks; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Senator Donald E. Cheeks; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Boynton, Dr. Maria; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dr. Maria Boynton; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Stokes, Juandolyn; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Juandolyn Stokes; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Maxwell, Shyneka; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Shyneka Maxwell; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Redding, Gwen; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Gwen Redding; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Nicholas, Lisa; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Lisa Nicholas; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Seay, Sharon L.; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Sharon L. Seay; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Eubanks, Christopher; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating Christopher Eubanks for his outstanding performance at Wimbledon; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Black Art In America; celebrate. Description: A RESOLUTION celebrating the first anniversary of Black Art In America in East Point, Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: University of North Georgia and the University System of Georgia Board of Regents; name a certain building after former Speaker David Ralston; urge. Description: A RESOLUTION urging the University of North Georgia and the University System of Georgia Board of Regents to name a certain building after former Speaker David Ralston; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Shorter, Ms. Jenita; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Ms. Jenita Shorter for her three decades of outstanding service in education; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Brooks A. Keel, PhD; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Brooks A. Keel, PhD, for his dedicated service to advancing higher education in the State of Georgia, the University System of Georgia, Georgia Southern University, and Augusta University; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Howard, Tim; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Tim Howard; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Strolling Thunder Day; recognize February 22, 2024. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 22, 2024, as Strolling Thunder Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Peanut Month; recognize March 2024. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Georgia peanut industry and recognizing March 2024 as Georgia Peanut Month at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Department of Agriculture; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Georgia Department of Agriculture upon its 150th anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hemophilia of Georgia; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing Hemophilia of Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Special Education Teachers; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Georgia special education teachers; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Johnson, Larry; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Larry Johnson on his outstanding public service; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Greenbrier High School Flag Football Team; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Greenbrier High School flag football team for winning the 2023 GHSA Division II Flag Football State Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Greenbrier High School Girls' Golf Team; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Greenbrier High School girls' golf team for winning the 2023 GHSA Class 5A State Golf Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Abilene Baptist Church; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Abilene Baptist Church on the occasion of its 250th anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: The Tabernacle Choir at Temple Square and The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending The Tabernacle Choir at Temple Square and The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Starks Sr., Reverend Willie Raymond; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Reverend Willie Raymond Starks Sr.; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: South Fulton County Legislative Day; recognize February 27, 2024. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 27, 2024, as South Fulton County Legislative Day at the Capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Carhee, Dr. Chantaye; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Dr. Chantaye Carhee for receiving the 2024 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Children & Youth Day; recognize March 14, 2024. Description: A RESOLUTION celebrating the achievements and capabilities of young Georgians, and recognizing March 14, 2024, as Georgia Children & Youth Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Morris Brown College Day; recognize March 20, 2024. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 20, 2024, as Morris Brown College Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Podiatry Day; recognize March 4, 2024. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 4, 2024, as Podiatry Day at the Capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Konguep, Thierry; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Thierry Konguep; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Pace Day; recognize March 11, 2024. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 11, 2024, as Pace Day at the Capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Monroe County Day; recognize March 7, 2024. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 7, 2024, as Monroe County Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: White, Ronald G.; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Ronald G. White on his outstanding public service to higher education; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Weizenecker, Dr. Richard; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Dr. Richard Weizenecker; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Civil Air Patrol; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the Civil Air Patrol for their service to the citizens of Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dr. Indran B. Indrakrishnan Day; recognize February 20, 2024. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 20, 2024, as Dr. Indran B. Indrakrishnan Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cobb, Dave; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dave Cobb; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Airports Association Day; recognize March 7, 2024. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 7, 2024, as Georgia Airports Association Day; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Small Business Advocacy Day; recognize March 5, 2024. Description: A RESOLUTION commending small business advocacy organizations and recognizing March 5, 2024, as Small Business Advocacy Day; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Psychological Association; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Georgia Psychological Association; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: A.G. Rhodes; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending A.G. Rhodes upon its 120th anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cochran-Johnson, Lorraine; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Lorraine Cochran-Johnson on her outstanding public service; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Simmons, Shavawn P.; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Shavawn P. Simmons on her outstanding public service; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bradshaw, Steve; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Steve Bradshaw on his outstanding public service; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Kyle, Susie; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Susie Kyle for receiving the 2024 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: McDuffie/Warren County Unit; Georgia Forestry Commission 2023 North Georgia Unit of the Year; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the McDuffie/Warren County Unit on being named the Georgia Forestry Commission 2023 North Georgia Unit of the Year; the Berrien County Unit on being named the 2023 South Georgia Unit of the Year; Forest Protection Area 9 on being named the 2023 Forest Protection Area of the Year; and Jason McMullen on being named the 2023 Forester of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Augusta-Richmond County Branch of the NAACP; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Augusta-Richmond County Branch of the NAACP; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ambassador Amina Amira Smaila; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Ambassador Amina Amira Smaila and thanking her for her public service; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Walls, Jakequeline; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Jakequeline Walls for receiving the Georgia Women's Legislative Caucus' 2024 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leadership Award; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Collins, Tammie; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Tammie Collins and congratulating her on being a 2024 recipient of the Career Women's Network Women of Achievement Award; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: DeKalb County School System Cedar Grove High School Saints Football Team; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the DeKalb County School System Cedar Grove High School Saints football team for winning the 2023 Class 3A Boys State Football Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: African Textile Museum; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the African Textile Museum; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Thurmond, Phyllis Kitchens; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Phyllis Kitchens Thurmond for receiving the 2024 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia College & State University Day; recognize March 7, 2024. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 7, 2024, as Georgia College & State University Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jazz 91.9 WCLK; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending radio station Jazz 91.9 WCLK on the occasion of its 50th anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Carter, Jr., James Coan "Jimmy"; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of James Coan "Jimmy" Carter, Jr.; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Pastor Eric Vincent Thomas; celebrate. Description: A RESOLUTION celebrating the 20th anniversary of Pastor Eric Vincent Thomas' leadership at Saint Peter Missionary Baptist Church; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Wertheim, MD, Steven; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Steven Wertheim, MD; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Fraternal Order of Police Inc. Fulton County Lodge No. 64; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Fraternal Order of Police Inc. Fulton County Lodge No. 64; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lakeview Academy Girls Basketball Team; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Lakeview Academy girls basketball team for winning the 2024 GIAA Class 3A State Basketball Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lakeview Academy Boys Basketball Team; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Lakeview Academy boys basketball team for winning the 2024 GIAA Class 3A State Basketball Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: National Groundwater Awareness Week in Georgia; recognize March 10-16, 2024. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 10-16, 2024, as National Groundwater Awareness Week in Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Forbes, John; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending John Forbes; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Resolving to End the Persecution and Discrimination against the Jewish community; condemn Jew-hatred. Description: A RESOLUTION condemning Jew-hatred in all of its forms and resolving to end the persecution and discrimination against the Jewish community; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Senate Disaster Mitigation and Resilience Study Committee; create. Description: A RESOLUTION creating the Senate Disaster Mitigation and Resilience Study Committee; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hollifield, Terry; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Terry Hollifield for his 53 years of outstanding service as executive director of the Georgia Crop Improvement Association, where he retired on December 31, 2023; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Minister Peter Burke; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Minister Peter Burke; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Colorectal Cancer Awareness Month; recognize March 2024. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 2024 as Colorectal Cancer Awareness Month and honoring the Georgia Colorectal Cancer Control program for its impact on increasing screenings in Federal Qualified Health Clinics in Southwest and Southeast Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Riley, Laken Hope; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Laken Hope Riley; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: North Cobb High School Lady Warriors Volleyball Team; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the North Cobb High School Lady Warriors volleyball team for winning the 2023 Class 7A GHSA State Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Sumner, Dr. Jean Rawlings; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Dr. Jean Rawlings Sumner for receiving the 2024 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Golf Day; recognize March 13, 2024. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 13, 2024, as Golf Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Global Sisters Speak Network; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Global Sisters Speak Network; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Moore, Sr., Dan A.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Dan A. Moore, Sr.; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Islamic Holy Month of Ramadan; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the Islamic holy month of Ramadan, commencing a month of fasting and spiritual renewal, and extending best wishes to all in Georgia and around the world for a joyous and meaningful observance of Eid al-Fitr; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Truett Cathy Day; recognize March 14. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 14 as Truett Cathy Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Red Cross Month in Georgia; recognize March 2024. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Red Cross and recognizing March 2024 as Red Cross Month in Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Palm, Angela; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Angela Palm on the occasion of her retirement; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ali's Cookies; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Ali's Cookies; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Advancing Communities Together, Inc.; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Georgia Advancing Communities Together, Inc., upon its tenth anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Senator Gloria Butler; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Senator Gloria Butler for her outstanding public service; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dumas, Samuel L.; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Samuel L. Dumas; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Navroz, the month of Ramadan, and the Shia Ismaili Muslim community; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the celebration of Navroz, the month of Ramadan, and the Shia Ismaili Muslim community residing in and contributing to the State of Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Senator Valencia Seay; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Senator Valencia Seay; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Smith, James "Richard"; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of James "Richard" Smith; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Buff, Dr. Shannon; recognize. Description: A BILL recognizing and commending Dr. Shannon Buff, the 2024 Georgia High School Principal of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Hotel and Lodging Industry Appreciation Day; recognize March 14, 2024. Description: A BILL recognizing March 14, 2024, as Georgia Hotel and Lodging Industry Appreciation Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Reach Out and Read Day; recognize March 4, 2024. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 4, 2024, as Reach Out and Read Day at the state capitol to recognize the power of reading to young children every day; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia State University; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Georgia State University; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Carson Farist and Taylor Schiesser; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Gilmer High School's Carson Farist and Taylor Schiesser; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Patterson, Dana; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dana Patterson; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Thomas, Dawn; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dawn Thomas; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Peach County Day; recognize March 18, 2024. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 18, 2024, as Peach County Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Senate Advancing Forest Innovation in Georgia Study Committee; create. Description: A RESOLUTION creating the Senate Advancing Forest Innovation in Georgia Study Committee; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: International Diaspora Day; recognize March 18, 2024. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 18, 2024, as International Diaspora Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: City of Sugar Hill, recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the City of Sugar Hill on the occasion of its 85th birthday; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: International Day to Combat Islamophobia; recognize March 15, 2024. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 15, 2024, as the International Day to Combat Islamophobia; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia High School Association Student Athlete Advisory Council; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Georgia High School Association Student Athlete Advisory Council; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Diwali Day; recognize November 1, 2024. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing November 1, 2024, as Diwali Day; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bheodari, Balram J.; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Balram J. Bheodari; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Smith, Dr. Yvonne L.; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dr. Yvonne L. Smith; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Washington, Glen; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Glen Washington; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jean, Sandra; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Sandra Jean; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Brown, Delyno; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Delyno Brown; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Watson, Basil Barrington; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Basil Barrington Watson; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: McCarty, Vern Edward; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Vern Edward McCarty; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Chapter of the American Academy of Pediatrics and its members; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Georgia Chapter of the American Academy of Pediatrics and its members in observance of the chapter's 70th anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Gayle, Dr. Helene D.; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dr. Helene D. Gayle for her outstanding service as President of Spelman College; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Pi Day; recognize March 14, 2024. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 14, 2024, as Pi Day; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: King, Naomi Ruth Barber; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Naomi Ruth Barber King; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Harrell, Morgan Faithe; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Morgan Faithe Harrell; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Washington, Sr., Floyd; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Floyd Washington, Sr.; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hassan, Abdur; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Abdur Hassan; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jordan, Montell; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Montell Jordan; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Representative Pedro Marin; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Representative Pedro Marin on his outstanding public service as a member of the House of Representatives; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Henry Louis Aaron Day; recognize April 8, 2024. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing April 8, 2024, as Henry Louis Aaron Day in the State of Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hamilton, Grace Latoya; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Grace Latoya Hamilton; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Crumidy, KeShawn Xavier; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of KeShawn Xavier Crumidy; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Spelman College Day; recognize March 20, 2024. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 20, 2024, as Spelman College Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Senator Horacena Tate; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Senator Horacena Tate for her outstanding public service; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Littlefield, Matthew Christopher; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Matthew Christopher Littlefield; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Kaplan, Jaime; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Jaime Kaplan; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Pre-K Week; recognize October 7-11, 2024. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing October 7-11, 2024, as Georgia Pre-K Week; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Kennard, Gregg; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Gregg Kennard on his outstanding public service as a member of the House of Representatives; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Music in our Schools Month; recognize and celebrate March 2024. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and celebrating March 2024 as Music in our Schools Month; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Central High School Lions Wrestling Team; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Central High School Lions wrestling team for winning the 2024 GHSA Class 4A State Wrestling Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Westside High School Patriots Boys Basketball Team; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Westside High School Patriots boys basketball team for winning the 2024 GHSA Class AA State Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Broken Shackle Ranch Inc.; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Broken Shackle Ranch Inc.; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Brookwood High School Girls Swim & Dive Team; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Brookwood High School girls swim & dive team for winning the 2023-2024 GHSA Class 7A State Swimming and Diving Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hamilton, Karen "Alphia" Rachel Broughton; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Karen "Alphia" Rachel Broughton Hamilton; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: 2024 Senate Aides and Senate Academic Aides; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the 2024 Senate Aides and Senate Academic Aides for their exemplary service; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: King, William "Ross"; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending William "Ross" King; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Booker T. Washington High School, Atlanta, Georgia; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing Booker T. Washington High School, Atlanta, Georgia, on the occasion of its Centennial Celebration, 1924-2024; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Robert Stebbins, John Rudert, and Woodcraft of Atlanta; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Robert Stebbins, John Rudert, and Woodcraft of Atlanta for their historic contribution to the Georgia Senate; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Senator Horacena Tate and the late former Senator Horace Tate; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Senator Horacena Tate and the late former Senator Horace Tate for their outstanding public service; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: "A Day of Nonviolence"; recognize April 2, 2024. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing April 2, 2024, as "A Day of Nonviolence"; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Coach Paul Fitz-Simons, the GHSA Class 7A Athletic Director of the Year; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Coach Paul Fitz-Simons, the GHSA Class 7A Athletic Director of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Grayson High School Girls Basketball Team; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Grayson High School Girls Basketball Team for winning the 2024 State Basketball Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Grayson High School Boys Basketball Team; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Grayson High School Boys Basketball Team for winning the 2024 State Basketball Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jennings, Danny; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring and remembering the life of Danny Jennings; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Tippins, Scarlett Kay Asbury; celebrate the birth. Description: A RESOLUTION celebrating the birth of Scarlett Kay Asbury Tippins; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Midway Elementary School; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Midway Elementary School; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lieutenant Colonel (Ret.) Archibald J. Kielly; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Lieutenant Colonel (Ret.) Archibald J. Kielly; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Commissioner Bruce Thompson; honor. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring Commissioner Bruce Thompson's courageous battle against pancreatic cancer; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: International Women's Day; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing International Women's Day; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Tift, Bessie Willingham; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Bessie Willingham Tift; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Rhoades, Carol Lynne Manross; honor. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring and celebrating Carol Lynne Manross Rhoades; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Corbitt, Emily Charlotte; celebrate birth. Description: A RESOLUTION celebrating the birth of Emily Charlotte Corbitt; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Woodward Academy Security Team; honor. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the heroic actions of the Woodward Academy Security Team; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia's Own Credit Union; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and congratulating Georgia's Own Credit Union upon its 90th anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Rockmart High School Wrestling Team; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Rockmart High School Wrestling Team for winning the 2024 State Duals and Traditional Championships; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Rockmart High School Weightlifting Team; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Rockmart High School Weightlifting Team on its outstanding 2024 season; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Women Marines Association's Annual Biennial Convention; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and celebrating the Women Marines Association's Annual Biennial Convention; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Massage Associates of Atlanta; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Massage Associates of Atlanta; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Turner Theological Seminary; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending the Turner Theological Seminary upon its 130th anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Callaway, John; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending John Callaway; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cleveland, Gretchen Garrett; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Gretchen Garrett Cleveland; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jackson, Bishop Reginald Thomas; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Bishop Reginald Thomas Jackson for his outstanding public service and dedication to social justice; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: DeKalb Public Health Department; honor. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the DeKalb Public Health Department on its centennial anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Harris, David E.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of David E. Harris; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: C&H Precision Day; recognize March 26, 2024. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending C&H Precision's dedication to the State of Georgia and recognizing March 26, 2024, as C&H Precision Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bangladesh Association of Georgia; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Bangladesh Association of Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ovarian Cancer Awareness Month; recognize September 2024. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing September 2024 as Ovarian Cancer Awareness Month; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: City of Suwanee; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the City of Suwanee on the occasion of its 75th birthday; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: African American Music; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the importance of African American music to global culture and encouraging the people of Georgia to celebrate African American music; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Butts, Judge Angela; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Judge Angela Butts on her outstanding public service as a judge; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: O'Berry, Jr., Reverend Charles; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Reverend Charles O'Berry, Jr.; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jenkins, Jr., James Anthony; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending James Anthony Jenkins, Jr.; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: North Paulding Lady Wolfpack; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the North Paulding Lady Wolfpack for winning the GHSA 7A Region 3 Basketball Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lambda Sigma Chapter of Phi Beta Sigma Fraternity Inc.; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the Lambda Sigma Chapter of Phi Beta Sigma Fraternity Inc. on the occasion of its Centennial Celebration, 1924 to 2024; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Rear Admiral Earl L. Gay; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Rear Admiral Earl L. Gay; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Pieh, Dr. Samuel; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dr. Samuel Pieh; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: National Dream Day; recognize March 11. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 11 as National Dream Day; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Rahn, Dr. Troy; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dr. Troy Rahn on his outstanding service as Glennville's dentist for 53 years; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Rogers, Keenan; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Keenan Rogers; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Mount Paran Christian School Volleyball Team; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Mount Paran Christian School Volleyball Team for winning the 2023 GHSA Class AA State Volleyball Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Mount Paran Christian School Competition Cheerleading Team; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Mount Paran Christian School Competition Cheerleading Team for winning the 2023 GHSA Class AA State Competition Cheerleading Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Mount Paran Christian School Girls Basketball Team; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Mount Paran Christian School Girls Basketball Team for winning the 2024 GHSA Class AA State Basketball Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Henry, Sharon; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Sharon Henry; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Major General Tom Carden, Jr.; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Major General Tom Carden, Jr.; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: White, Jr., George Oliver; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the life and achievements of George Oliver White, Jr.; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jones, Jr., Dr. George; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dr. George Jones, Jr., on his outstanding service as an internal medicine specialist; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Poe, Frank; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Frank Poe; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Metcalfe, Dr. Contessa; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dr. Contessa Metcalfe; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dutchtown High School Girls Dance Team; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Dutchtown High School girls dance team for winning the 2024 GHSA State High Kick Dance Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2024, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ola High School Wrestling Team; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Ola High School wrestling team for winning the 2024 GHSA Traditional AAAAA Wrestling State Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia House of Representatives Redistricting Act of 2023; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide for the composition and number of state house districts; to provide for a short title; to provide for the contingent nature of this Act and the circumstances under which it shall or shall not apply, according to the enforceability of prior provisions under federal law; to provide for the continuation of present members; to provide a short title; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Barrow County; Board of Education; filling vacancies; revise a provision. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing authority for members of the Board of Education of Barrow County, approved April 19, 1971 (Ga. L. 1971, p. 3919), as amended, particularly by an Act approved May 12, 2015 (Ga. L. 2015, p. 3851), so as to revise a provision relating to filling vacancies on the board; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Chatham County; designation of electors for community improvement districts wholly within municipalities; revise provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to provide for the creation of one or more community improvement districts in Chatham County and in each municipality therein, approved April 5, 1994 (Ga. L. 1994, p. 4931), so as to revise provisions relating to designation of electors for districts wholly within municipalities; to authorize additional elected members of district boards; to revise qualifications for board members; to update provisions relating to cooperation with municipal governments; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: "Georgia Senate Redistricting Act of 2023"; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide for the composition and number of state senatorial districts; to provide for a short title; to provide for the contingent nature of this Act and the circumstances under which it shall or shall not apply, according to the enforceability of prior provisions under federal law; to provide for the continuation of present Senators; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: "Georgia Congressional Redistricting Act of 2023"; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide for the composition and number of congressional districts; to provide for a short title; to provide for the contingent nature of this Act and the circumstances under which it shall or shall not apply, according to the enforceability of prior provisions under federal law; to provide for the continuation of present members of the United States House of Representatives; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: State Court of Turner County; district attorney of the judicial circuit shall represent the state in all criminal prosecutions on or after January 1, 2024; perform the duties of the office of solicitor-general. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating the State Court of Turner County, approved April 18, 2002 (Ga. L. 2002, p. 4074), so as to provide that on and after January 1, 2024, the district attorney of the judicial circuit within which Turner County is located shall represent the state in all criminal prosecutions brought in the State Court of Turner County and shall perform the duties of the office of solicitor-general of the state court; to provide that no election shall be held for the office of solicitor-general of the state court; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: House of Representatives convened; notify Senate. Description: A RESOLUTION to notify the Senate that the House of Representatives has convened; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Adjournment; relative to. Description: A RESOLUTION relative to meetings and adjournments of the General Assembly; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: General Assembly; motor fuel and diesel fuel taxes; ratify Governor Brian P. Kemp's Executive Orders. Description: A RESOLUTION ratifying Governor Brian P. Kemp's Executive Order Nos. 09.12.23.01, 10.06.23.01, and 11.08.23.01 suspending the collection of motor fuel and diesel fuel taxes; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hamas terrorism; condemn. Description: A RESOLUTION condemning Hamas terrorism; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Carter, Mrs. Rosalynn; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Mrs. Rosalynn Carter; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Darden, Dr. Linnie Louis, Jr.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Dr. Linnie Louis Darden Jr.; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Association of Nigerian Physicians in the Americas; Nigerian Physicians Advocacy Group; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Association of Nigerian Physicians in the Americas and the Nigerian Physicians Advocacy Group; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hammet, Melanie; outstanding public service as mayor of Pine Lake; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Melanie Hammet on her outstanding public service as the mayor of Pine Lake; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Adeleke, David Adedeji; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending David Adedeji Adeleke; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: McDonough, City of; bicentennial; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the City of McDonough, Georgia, upon its bicentennial; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Love, Denese Lynetta; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Denese Lynetta Love; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Barthelemy, Bryce Aiden; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Bryce Aiden Barthelemy; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Smith-Dixon, Ms. Lois; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Ms. Lois Smith-Dixon; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Berean Seventh-day Adventist Church; 120th anniversary; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Berean Seventh-day Adventist Church on the occasion of its 120th anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cohen, Marc; outstanding public service; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Marc Cohen on his outstanding public service; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Blechinger, Linda; outstanding public service; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Linda Blechinger on her outstanding public service; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Evans, Power; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Power Evans; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Couch, Ms. Nancy; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Ms. Nancy Couch; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Wynn, James Edward " Sonny"; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of James Edward "Sonny" Wynn; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Kaye, Mitchell Adam, III; birth; celebrate. Description: A RESOLUTION celebrating the birth of Mitchell Adam Kaye, III; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Farah, Julian; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Julian Farah; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Children in foster care; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending children in foster care; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Under21 The Band; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Under21 The Band; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dollar, Alvin; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Alvin Dollar; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Baranco, Gren; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Gren Baranco; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Sebastian, Councilmember Jaceey; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Councilmember Jaceey Sebastian; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Wilson, Dr. Jute; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dr. Jute Wilson; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Banks, Peter Louis; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Peter Louis Banks on his outstanding public service; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Beard, Dorian James; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Dorian James Beard; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Walton High School Varsity Coed Competition Cheerleading Squad; winning 2023 GHSA Competition Cheerleading State Championship; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Walton High School Varsity Coed Competition Cheerleading Squad for winning the 2023 GHSA Competition Cheerleading State Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Fluellyn, Marci; outstanding public service; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Marci Fluellyn on her outstanding public service; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Livsey, Thomas; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Thomas Livsey; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Godwin, Betty Camp; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Betty Camp Godwin; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Williams, Reverend Dr. Joseph L.; 25th pastoral anniversary; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Reverend Dr. Joseph L. Williams on the occasion of his 25th pastoral anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Kinney, Dr. A. Demoine; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Dr. A. Demoine Kinney; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Haitian-American Chamber of Commerce Inc.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Georgia Haitian-American Chamber of Commerce Inc.; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Decatur, City of; bicentennial; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and celebrating the City of Decatur on its bicentennial; and for other purposes
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Horton, Steve; Mayor of Covington; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Steve Horton on his outstanding public service as the Mayor of Covington; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Senate Rules; adopt. Description: A RESOLUTION adopting the Rules of the Georgia Senate for the 2023 special session of the General Assembly of Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Senate Convened; notify House of Representatives. Description: A RESOLUTION to notify the House of Representatives that the Senate has convened; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: General Assembly Convened; notify the Governor. Description: A RESOLUTION to notify the Governor that the General Assembly has convened; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Nation of Israel and the Jewish People; express support. Description: A RESOLUTION expressing support for the Nation of Israel and the Jewish people as well as condemning terroristic attacks upon the Nation of Israel and antisemitic acts and speech in the United States; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Carter, Rosalynn; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Rosalynn Carter; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Atlanta Public Safety Training Center; express support. Description: A RESOLUTION expressing support for the Atlanta Public Safety Training Center and condemning acts of violence and domestic terrorism; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Adedeji Adeleke, David; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending David Adedeji Adeleke; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Association of Nigerian Physicians in the Americas and the Nigerian Physicians Advocacy Group; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Association of Nigerian Physicians in the Americas and the Nigerian Physicians Advocacy Group; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Wisenbaker, Ms. Sandra Nadeau; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Ms. Sandra Nadeau Wisenbaker for her dedicated service to the citizens of the State of Georgia as the Solicitor-General of Coweta County; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Wilush, Diane; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Diane Wilush on her outstanding service; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ida Lubin, Rose; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Rose Ida Lubin; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Flowers, Liz; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Liz Flowers; and for other purposes.
In 2023, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bailey, Radcliffe; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION celebrating the life and artistic legacy of Radcliffe Bailey; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Forming Open and Robust University Minds (FORUM) Act; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 1 of Title 20 of the O.C.G.A., relating to education generally, so as to provide for public forums at public institutions of higher education; to prevent the creation of "free speech zones" at public institutions of higher education; to provide for a short title; to provide for definitions; to provide for legislative findings and intent; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Income tax; teacher recruitment and retention program; provide tax credit. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Part 9 of Article 6 of Chapter 2 of Title 20 of the O.C.G.A., relating to grants for educational programs, so as to establish a teacher recruitment and retention program for a refundable income tax credit for teachers who agree to teach in certain rural schools or certain low-performing schools; to amend Article 2 of Chapter 7 of Title 48 of the O.C.G.A., relating to imposition, rate, computation, and exemptions from state income taxes, so as to provide for a refundable income tax credit for taxpayers who are participating teachers in said teacher recruitment and retention program; to provide for an effective date and applicability; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Audiology and Speech-Language Pathology Interstate Compact Act; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 44 of Title 43 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to speech-language pathologists and audiologists, so as to revise licensing provisions; to enter into an interstate compact known as the "Audiology and Speech-Language Pathology Interstate Compact"; to provide the State Board of Examiners for Speech-Language Pathology and Audiology with the power to administer such compact in this state and to conduct national background checks for which applicants for licensure are required to submit fingerprints; to provide for definitions; to provide for conditions; to provide for eligibility; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Motor vehicles; require registration application forms to include optional information regarding certain conditions which may interfere with a registrant's ability to communicate. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 40-2-26 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to form and contents of application for registration, heavy vehicle tax, and satisfactory proof of insurance, so as to require motor vehicle registration application forms to include optional information regarding certain conditions which may interfere with a registrant's ability to communicate; to provide for the sharing of such information with law enforcement upon a vehicle tag inquiry; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: State government; Georgia shall observe daylight savings time year round; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 1 of Title 50 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to general provisions relative to state government, so as to provide that this state shall observe daylight savings time year round; to provide for contingent effectiveness; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Blue Ridge Judicial Circuit; superior court; provide additional judge. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 15-6-2 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the number of judges of superior courts, so as to provide for an additional judge of the superior courts of the Blue Ridge Judicial Circuit; to provide for related matters; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Baldwin County; Board of Education; revise compensation of members. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing for the election of members of the board of education of Baldwin County, approved April 3, 1972 (Ga. L. 1972, p. 3325), as amended, particularly by an Act approved April 13, 1992 (Ga. L. 1992, p. 6143), so as to revise the compensation of the members of such board; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Whitfield County; Redevelopment Powers Law; provide for a referendum. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to authorize Whitfield County, Georgia, to exercise all redevelopment and other powers under Article IX, Section II, Paragraph VII(b) of the Georgia Constitution and Chapter 44 of Title 36 of the O.C.G.A., the "Redevelopment Powers Law," as amended; to provide for a referendum; to provide for effective dates; to provide for automatic repeal under certain circumstances; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Alternative ad valorem tax; motor vehicles; revise definition of fair market value. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 5C of Title 48 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to alternative ad valorem tax on motor vehicles, so as to revise the definition of fair market value of the motor vehicle to exclude certain interest and financing charges for leased motor vehicles; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: State government; public property; extend automatic repeals of certain provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 1 of Chapter 16 of Title 50 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to general provisions relative to public property, so as to extend automatic repeals of certain provisions regarding writing off small amounts due to the state; to amend Title 20 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to education, so as to extend automatic repeals of certain provisions regarding nonlapsing revenue of institutions in the University System of Georgia and the Technical College System of Georgia; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Professions and businesses; certain military certifications; extend time to qualify. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 43-14-15 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to certain military certifications that entitle persons to obtain certain professional licenses, so as to extend the time a member of the military has to qualify for the issuance of a license or certification as an electrical contractor, plumber, conditioned air contractor, low-voltage contractor, or utility contractor using his or her military specialty or certification; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Public utilities and public transportation; percentage limitation as to the amount of the investments an electric membership corporation may make and maintain in a gas affiliate; modify. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 46 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to public utilities and public transportation, so as to modify the percentage limitation as to the amount of the investments an electric membership corporation may make and maintain in a gas affiliate; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Supplemental appropriations; State Fiscal Year July 1, 2020 - June 30, 2021. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act making and providing appropriations for the State Fiscal Year beginning July 1, 2020, and ending June 30, 2021, known as the "General Appropriations Act," Act No. 404, approved June 30, 2020, so as to make, provide, and change certain appropriations for the operation of the State government and its departments, boards, bureaus, commissions, institutions, and other agencies, for the university system, common schools, counties, municipalities, and political subdivisions, for all other governmental activities, projects, and undertakings authorized by law, and for all leases, contracts, agreements, and grants authorized by law; to provide for the control and administration of funds; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: General appropriations; State Fiscal Year July 1, 2021 - June 30, 2022. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to make and provide appropriations for the State Fiscal Year beginning July 1, 2021, and ending June 30, 2022; to make and provide such appropriations for the operation of the state government and its departments, boards, bureaus, commissions, institutions, and other agencies, for the university system, common schools, counties, municipalities, and political subdivisions, for all other governmental activities, projects, and undertakings authorized by law, and for all leases, contracts, agreements, and grants authorized by law; to provide for the control and administration of funds; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Torts; certain persons, firms, or corporations who are buyers of land for conversion of timber shall be exempt from certain liabilities; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 3 of Chapter 12 of Title 51 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to damages for conversion of timber, so as to provide that certain persons, firms, or corporations who are buyers of land for conversion of timber shall be exempt from certain liabilities; to limit damages for certain causes of action brought for conversion of timber; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Health; transfer of vital records to State Archives; revise provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 31-10-25 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to disclosure of information contained in vital records and transfer of records to State Archives, so as to revise provisions regarding the transfer of vital records to State Archives; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Health; eliminate duplicative state licensure and regulation of clinical laboratories; provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 31 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to health, so as to eliminate duplicative state licensure and regulation of clinical laboratories; to repeal provisions relating to examination of human specimens and methods for selection of blood donors and collection, storage, and processing of human blood; to eliminate state inspections of clinical laboratories; to amend Code Sections 26-4-172 and 42-1-10 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to license requirements generally under the "Nuclear Pharmacy Act" and preliminary urine screen drug tests for inmates, respectively, so as to provide for conforming changes; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Crimes and offenses; provide for the crime of theft by possession of stolen mail; provide for the crime of porch piracy. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 1 of Chapter 8 of Title 16 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to theft, so as to provide for the crime of theft by possession of stolen mail; to provide for the crime of porch piracy; to provide for definitions; to provide for penalties; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Courts; oath for certain clerks of the probate court; require and provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 2 of Chapter 9 of Title 15 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to jurisdiction, power, and duties, so as to require and to provide for an oath for certain clerks of the probate court; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: State government; conditions for meetings and public hearings to be held by teleconference in emergency conditions; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 50 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to state government, so as to provide conditions for meetings and public hearings to be held by teleconference in emergency conditions; to provide conditions for certain agency members to participate in nonemergency meetings by teleconference; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Military; pay for certain active duty by the organized militia; authorize. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Part 3 of Article 3 of Chapter 2 of Title 38 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to pay, pensions, and allowances of state military personnel, so as to authorize pay for certain active duty by the organized militia; to provide for related matters; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia State Indemnification Fund; replace the term National Guard with the term organized militia. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 45-9-81 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to definitions regarding the Georgia State Indemnification Fund, so as to replace the term "National Guard" with the term "organized militia" in the definition of law enforcement officer; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Child Victim Protection Act of 2021; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide greater protections for individuals who have suffered from childhood sexual abuse; to amend Code Section 9-3-33.1 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to actions for childhood sexual abuse, so as to extend the statute of limitations for actions for childhood sexual abuse under certain circumstances; to clarify existing law; to revise and provide for definitions; to provide for retroactive claims for childhood sexual abuse under certain circumstances; to provide for a short title; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Financial institutions; clarify and remove superfluous language; provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 1 of Title 7 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to financial institutions, so as to clarify and remove superfluous language; to update terminology; to remove outdated language; to amend Chapter 3 of Title 7 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to installment loans, so as to provide for deferments of installment loans; to amend Chapter 6A of Title 7 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the Georgia Fair Lending Act, so as to update citations; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Torts; provide certain immunities from liability claims regarding COVID-19; extend applicability for one year. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act relating to torts to provide certain immunities from liability claims regarding COVID-19, approved August 5, 2020, (Ga L. 2020, p. 798), so as to extend applicability for one year; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Installment Lenders Association (GILA); commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Georgia Installment Lenders Association (GILA); and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Income tax; adoption of foster children; revise tax credit. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 2 of Chapter 7 of Title 48 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to imposition, rate, computation, and exemptions from state income taxes, so as to revise the tax credit for adoption of foster children; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date and applicability; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Low THC Oil Patient Registry; ulcerative colitis as a condition for which low THC oil may be used for treatment; add. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 31-2A-18 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the Low THC Oil Patient Registry, so as to add ulcerative colitis as a condition for which low THC oil may be used for treatment; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Professions and businesses; chiropractors may own professional corporations with physicians; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 14-7-4 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to professional services in which a professional corporation may engage, so as to provide that chiropractors may own professional corporations with physicians; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Funeral directors and embalmers; multiple cremation devices; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 18 of Title 43 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to funeral directors and establishments, embalmers, and crematories, so as to provide for multiple cremation devices; to provide for a definition; to provide for conforming amendments; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to provide for rules and regulations; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Blanford, George Thomas, V; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating George Thomas Blanford V; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Gracie's Law; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 1 of Title 31 of the O.C.G.A., relating to general provisions regarding health, so as to prohibit providers from discriminating against potential organ transplant recipients due solely to the physical or mental disability of the potential recipient; to amend Chapter 24 of Title 33 of the O.C.G.A., relating to insurance generally, so as to prohibit health insurers from discriminating against potential organ transplant recipients due solely to the physical or mental disability of the potential recipient; to provide for definitions; to provide for health benefit plans and collective bargaining; to provide for applicability; to provide for a short title; to provide for legislative findings; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Sheriffs; compensation; modify certain provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 1 of Chapter 16 of Title 15 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to general provisions regarding sheriffs, so as to modify certain provisions regarding the compensation received by certain sheriffs; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Local government; fence detection system; define term. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 60 of Title 36 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to general provisions applicable to counties and municipal corporations, so as to define the term "fence detection system"; to limit the ability of counties, consolidated governments, and municipalities to regulate or prohibit such systems; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: State government; meetings relating to cybersecurity contracting and planning from open meeting requirements; exclude. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 14 of Title 50 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to open and public meetings, so as to exclude meetings relating to cybersecurity contracting and planning from open meeting requirements; to amend Article 4 of Chapter 18 of Title 50 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to inspection of public records, so as to provide an exemption for certain documents relating to cybersecurity plans and systems; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Property; certain landlords shall provide certain notices to existing and prospective tenants with regard to certain crimes occurring on the premises being leased; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 1 of Chapter 7 of Title 44 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to landlord and tenant in general, so as to provide that certain landlords shall provide certain notices to existing and prospective tenants with regard to certain crimes occurring on the premises being leased; to provide for sanctions; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Criminal procedure; awards made from Georgia Crime Victims Emergency Fund to medical service providers; provide requirements. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 15 of Title 17 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to victim compensation, so as to provide for requirements for awards made from the Georgia Crime Victims Emergency Fund to medical service providers; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Public officers and employees; paid parental leave for eligible state employees and eligible local board of education employees; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 1 of Chapter 20 of Title 45 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to general provisions regarding personnel administration, so as to provide for paid parental leave for eligible state employees and eligible local board of education employees; to provide for definitions; to provide for eligibility; to provide for terms and conditions; to provide for certain prohibitions; to provide for rules; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Income tax; certain elections to be made by Subchapter "S" corporations and partnerships for the filing of tax returns and imposition of taxes; allow. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 7 of Title 48 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to income taxes, so as to allow for certain elections to be made by Subchapter "S" corporations and partnerships for the filing of tax returns and imposition of taxes; to provide for definitions; to provide for an effective date and applicability; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Public utilities and public transportation; prohibit governmental entities from adopting any policy that prohibits the connection or reconnection of any utility service based upon the type or source of energy or fuel. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 46 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to public utilities and public transportation, so as to prohibit governmental entities from adopting any policy that prohibits the connection or reconnection of any utility service based upon the type or source of energy or fuel; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Fowler, Bob, Sr.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Bob Fowler, Sr.; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Postsecondary education; exemption applicable to certain institutions operating on military installations or bases; revise provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Part 1A of Article 7 of Chapter 3 of Title 20 of the O.C.G.A., relating to nonpublic postsecondary educational institutions, so as to revise provisions regarding the exemption applicable to certain institutions operating on military installations or bases; to provide for biennial review of institutions rather than programs; to provide for awards of costs and reasonable attorney's fees in favor of the Nonpublic Postsecondary Education Commission; to provide for alternative review of renewal applications by institutions in good standing with recognized accrediting agencies; to provide for filing a surety bond in the event of a change of ownership of an institution; to provide for the remittal of surety bonds; to provide for assessment of investigation costs incurred by the commission; to provide for a definition; to provide for conforming changes; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Fair Business Practices Act of 1975; solicitations of services for corporate filings required by the Secretary of State; provide for requirements. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Part 2 of Article 15 of Chapter 1 of Title 10 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the "Fair Business Practices Act of 1975," so as to provide for requirements for solicitations of services for corporate filings required by the Secretary of State; to provide for a definition; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Domestic relations; protection of children; strengthen, clarify, and update provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 19 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to domestic relations, so as to strengthen, clarify, and update provisions relating to the protection of children, including foster children and adopted children; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Military; sharing of information and reporting of cyber attacks; facilitate. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Titles 38 and 50 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to military, emergency management, and veterans affairs and state government, respectively, so as to facilitate the sharing of information and reporting of cyber attacks; to require governmental agencies and utilities to report any cyber attacks to the director of emergency management and homeland security; to provide for definitions; to provide for the director to promulgate certain rules and regulations; to provide for proceedings related to cybersecurity to be held in executive session; to provide for certain information, data, and reports related to cybersecurity and cyber attacks to be exempt from public disclosure and inspection; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Mount Airy, Town of; provide new charter. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide a new charter for the Town of Mount Airy; to provide for incorporation, boundaries, and powers of the town; to provide for pending matters; to provide for definitions and construction; to provide for severability; to provide for related matters; to repeal a specific Act; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Revenue and taxation; water and sewer projects and costs tax (MOST); redefine term municipality; provide for audits of tax by state auditor under certain conditions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 4 of Chapter 8 of Title 48 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to water and sewer projects and costs tax (MOST), so as to redefine the term "municipality"; to provide for audits of such tax by the state auditor under certain conditions; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Local government; downtown development authorities; remove provision providing perpetual existence to such authorities. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 42 of Title 36 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to downtown development authorities, so as to remove a provision providing perpetual existence to such authorities; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Morgan County; board of elections; revise provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to create a board of elections and registration for Morgan County and to provide for its powers and duties, approved March 29, 2006 (Ga. L. 2006, p. 3606), so as to revise provisions for the appointment, terms, and filling of vacancies of board members; to provide for term limits and removal of board members; to revise duties of the board and elections supervisor regarding clerical assistance and poll works; to remove expired and outdated provisions; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Community Health, Department of; submit state plan amendment to implement express lane enrollment in Medicaid; direct. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 7 of Chapter 4 of Title 49 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to medical assistance generally, so as to direct the Department of Community Health to submit a state plan amendment to implement express lane enrollment in Medicaid; to direct the Department of Human Services to automatically enroll and renew eligible children in Medicaid, based on application data received for the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Motor vehicles; use of mounts on windshields for the support of wireless telecommunications devices and stand-alone electronic devices under certain circumstances; allow. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Part 4 of Article 1 of Chapter 8 of Title 40 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to horns, exhaust systems, mirrors, windshields, tires, safety belts, and energy absorption systems of motor vehicles, so as to allow for the use of mounts on windshields of motor vehicles for the support of wireless telecommunications devices and stand-alone electronic devices under certain circumstances; to provide for an exception; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Penal institutions; certain information within inmate files of the Department of Corrections shall not be classified as confidential state secrets when requested by the district attorney; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 42-5-36 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to confidentiality of information supplied by inmates, penalties for breach, classified nature of department investigation reports, confidentiality of certain identifying information, and custodians of records, so as to provide that certain information within inmate files of the Department of Corrections shall not be classified as confidential state secrets when requested by the district attorney for purposes of responding to proposed actions of the State Board of Pardons and Paroles; to provide for a definition; to provide for an exception; to provide for nondisclosure; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Motor vehicles; commercial driver's license; provide requirements for issuance. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 40-5-147 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to requirements for issuance of commercial driver's license or instruction permit, administration of skills test by third party, waiver or exemption, and disqualification and notice, so as to provide for requirements for issuance of a commercial driver's license; to revise the length of validity of a commercial driver's instruction permit; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date and applicability; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Culloden, City of; reduce city council to five members. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act incorporating the City of Culloden in the County of Monroe, approved October 24, 1887 (Ga. L. 1886-87, Vol. II, p. 655), as amended, particularly by an Act approved December 24, 1888 (Ga. L. 1888, p. 229), an Act approved April 4, 1990 (Ga. L. 1990, p. 5207), and an Act approved April 24, 2013 (Ga. L. 2013, p. 3685), so as to reduce the city council to five members; to define the term "councilmember"; to provide for four-year terms of office for the mayor and councilmembers; to provide for quorum and voting requirements of the city council; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Retirement and pensions; eligible large retirement system's assets that may be invested in alternative investments; increase percentage. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 47-20-87 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to eligible large retirement systems authorized to invest in certain alternative investments, so as to increase the percentage of an eligible large retirement system's assets that may be invested in alternative investments; to provide limitations for the Teachers' Retirement System of Georgia; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Motor vehicles; federal regulations regarding safe operation of motor carriers and commercial motor vehicles; update reference date. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 40-1-8 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to safe operations of motor carriers, commercial motor vehicles, and drivers, safe transportation of hazardous materials, and penalties, so as to update the reference date to federal regulations regarding the safe operation of motor carriers and commercial motor vehicles; to revise a definition; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Income tax; change certain definitions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 7 of Title 48 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to income taxes, so as to change certain definitions regarding such taxes; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Special license plates; support breast cancer related programs; amend logo design. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 40-2-86 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to special license plates promoting or supporting certain worthy agencies, funds, or nonprofit corporations with proceeds disbursed to the general fund and the agency, fund, or nonprofit corporation, so as to amend the logo design for special license plates issued to support breast cancer related programs; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Criminal procedure; term of probation shall follow mandatory term of imprisonment for persons convicted of a sexual offense; clarify. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 1 of Chapter 10 of Title 17 of the O.C.G.A., relating to procedure for sentencing and imposition of punishment, so as to clarify that a term of probation shall follow the mandatory term of imprisonment for persons convicted of a sexual offense; to provide that for certain felonies that such probation shall be for life; to amend Title 42 of the O.C.G.A., relating to penal institutions, so as to revise the name of the Sexual Offender Registration Review Board; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Terrell County; Board of Education; change compensation of members. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act reconstituting the Board of Education of Terrell County, approved April 13, 2004 (Ga. L. 2004, p. 3555), as amended, particularly by an Act approved May 13, 2008 (Ga. L. 2008, p. 4100), so as to change the compensation of the members of the board of education; to provide for related matters; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Motor vehicles; issuance of a Class C driver's license to operators of certain three-wheeled motor vehicles; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 40 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to motor vehicles and traffic, so as to provide for the issuance of a Class C driver's license to operators of certain three-wheeled motor vehicles; to exempt operators of certain three-wheeled motor vehicles from headgear and eye-protective device requirements; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Georgia Driver's Education Commission; violation of traffic laws or ordinance under Joshua's Law; increase additional penalty. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 10 of Chapter 21 of Title 15 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the Georgia Driver's Education Commission, so as to increase the additional penalty for violation of traffic laws or ordinances under "Joshua's Law"; to remove the sunset provision relative to such law; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date and applicability; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Special license plates; Tybee Island Historical Society; establish. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 40-2-86 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to special license plates promoting or supporting certain worthy agencies, funds, or nonprofit corporations with proceeds disbursed to the general fund and the agency, fund, or nonprofit corporation, so as to establish a specialty license plate to benefit the Tybee Island Historical Society; to provide for related matters; to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Insurance; framework for regulating the offering or issuance of travel insurance; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 33 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to insurance, so as to provide a framework for regulating the offering or issuance of travel insurance in this state; to revise and provide for definitions; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Professions and businesses; certain advertisements related to plumbing; prohibit. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 14 of Title 43 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to electrical contractors, plumbers, conditioned air contractors, low-voltage contractors, and utility contractors, so as to prohibit certain advertisements related to plumbing; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Motor vehicles; electronic submission of certain documentation required of manufacturers, distributors, dealers, secondary metals recyclers, used motor vehicle parts dealers, and scrap metal processors by the Department of Revenue; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 40 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to motor vehicles and traffic, so as to provide for electronic submission of certain documentation required of manufacturers, distributors, dealers, secondary metals recyclers, used motor vehicle parts dealers, and scrap metal processors by the Department of Revenue; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: State holidays; second Wednesday of February of each year as National Swearing-in Day in Georgia; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 4 of Title 1 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to holidays and observances, so as to provide that the second Wednesday of February of each year shall be designated as "National Swearing-in Day" in Georgia; to provide for legislative findings; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Motor vehicles; recording of odometer readings upon certificates of title; exempt certain vehicles. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 2 of Chapter 3 of Title 40 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to certificates of title to motor vehicles, so as to exempt certain vehicles from the recording of odometer readings upon certificates of title; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Arabi, Town of; provide new charter. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide a new charter for the Town of Arabi; to provide for incorporation, corporate boundaries, powers, and construction; to provide for pending matters; to provide for construction; to provide for severability; to provide for other matters relative to the foregoing; to provide for a specific repealer; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Health; order not to resuscitate; revise parental requirement for consent. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 31-39-4 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to persons authorized to issue order not to resuscitate, so as to revise parental requirement for consent; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Burnette, Dr. Edwin "Ed"; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Dr. Edwin "Ed" Burnette; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Crimes and offenses; weapons carry license reciprocity in this state; expand. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 16-11-126 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to having or carrying handguns, long guns, or other weapons, license requirement, and exceptions for homes, motor vehicles, private property, and other locations and conditions, so as to expand weapons carry license reciprocity in this state; to provide that persons who are not residents of this state shall be authorized to carry a weapon in this state if licensed to carry in any other state; to provide that the Attorney General shall enter into an agreement with any state that requires an agreement to recognize and give effect to weapons carry licenses for reciprocity; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jackson County; board of elections and registration; provide authority to act in certain situations. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to create a board of elections and registration for Jackson County, approved April 20, 2011 (Ga. L. 2011, p. 3673), as amended, particularly by an Act approved April 30, 2019 (Ga. L. 2019, p. 3682), so as to provide for the authority of the board of elections and registration to act in certain situations; to provide for the terms of members of the board; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Wrens, City of; provide new charter. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide a new charter for the City of Wrens; to provide for incorporation, boundaries, and powers of the city; to provide for pending matters; to provide for definitions and construction; to provide for severability; to provide for related matters; to repeal a specific Act; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Crimes and offenses; victims of stalking; expand applicability of protective orders. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 7 of Chapter 5 of Title 16 and Article 1 of Chapter 13 of Title 19 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to stalking and granting of relief by superior courts, respectively, so as to expand the applicability of protective orders involving victims of stalking; to revise the definition of family violence to include certain acts between persons through whom a past or present pregnancy has developed or persons in a past or present dating relationship for the granting of protective orders and other relief; to provide for definitions; to require the court to make certain findings prior to granting protective orders alleging dating relationships; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Clegg, Ashley; appointment to the United States Military Academy at West Point; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Ashley Clegg for receiving an appointment to the United States Military Academy at West Point; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Self-funded Healthcare Plan Opt-in to the Surprise Billing Consumer Protection Act; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 33 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to insurance, so as to provide an option for self-funded healthcare plans, exempt from state regulation under federal law, to opt in to Georgia's Surprise Billing Consumer Protection Act; to provide for definitions; to provide for a short title; to provide for legislative findings; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Domestic relations; additional monitoring of victim after granting of a temporary protective order; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 1 of Chapter 13 of Title 19 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to granting of relief by superior courts, so as to provide for additional monitoring of the victim after the granting of a temporary protective order; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Insurance; revise meaning of property insurance; change parameters under which certain contracts or agreements may be canceled. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 33-7-6 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to property insurance, contract requirements, rules and regulations, and exemptions, so as to revise the meaning of property insurance; to change the parameters under which certain contracts, agreements, or instruments may be canceled; to provide for penalties; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Americus, City of; requirement for city manager; remove. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing a new charter for the City of Americus, approved April 13, 1992 (Ga. L. 1992, p. 5985), as amended, so as to remove a requirement for city manager; to lengthen the contract term allowed for city manager; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Insurance; flood risk reduction in the enumerated list of county purposes for ad valorem taxes; include. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 33-8-8.3 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the funding of services, or reduction of ad valorem taxes, in unincorporated areas of counties and powers and duties of governing authority, so as to include flood risk reduction in the enumerated list of county purposes for which county ad valorem taxes or county corporation taxes based upon gross direct insurance premiums shall be used; to provide for a definition; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Professions and businesses; podiatry; amend a provision relating to fingerprint and criminal background checks. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 35 of Title 43 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to podiatry practice, so as to amend a provision relating to fingerprint and criminal background checks; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Motor vehicles; issuance of replacement licenses and permits; increase fee. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 5 of Title 40 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to drivers' licenses, so as to increase the fee for issuance of replacement licenses and permits; to increase the fee for the issuance and renewal of limited driving permits; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Uniform rules of the road; commission of an offense of distracted driving; provide for penalties. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 6 of Title 40 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to uniform rules of the road, so as to provide for penalties for the commission of an offense of distracted driving; to remove a process for being found not guilty of a violation in certain instances; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date and applicability; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Motor vehicles; local governing body to apply for a permit to operate a traffic enforcement safety device which enforces the speed limit in a school zone by recorded image; authorize. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 40-14-18 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to enforcement of speed limit in school zones with recorded images, civil monetary penalty, and vehicle registration and transfer of title restrictions for failure to pay penalty, so as to authorize a local governing body to apply for a permit to operate a traffic enforcement safety device which enforces the speed limit in a school zone by recorded image; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Clayton County; Board of Education; change compensation of members. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing for the composition and manner of selection of the Board of Education of Clayton County, approved April 12, 1982 (Ga. L. 1982, p. 4431), as amended, so as to provide for the manner of changing the compensation for members of the board of education; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jones County Public Facilities Authority Act; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to create the Jones County Public Facilities Authority; to provide for the appointment of members of the authority; to provide for a short title; to confer powers upon the authority; to provide for purpose and scope of operations of the authority; to provide for definitions; to authorize the issuance of revenue bonds of the authority; to fix and provide the venue and jurisdiction of actions relating to any provisions of this Act; to provide for moneys received and trust funds; to provide for tort immunity; to provide for tax exemption, rates, charges, and revenues; to provide for effect on other governments; to provide for construction of this Act and severability; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Insurance; Commissioner's enforcement authority with regard to adjusters; increase. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 1 of Chapter 23 of Title 33 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to licensing of agents, agencies, subagents, counselors, and adjusters, so as to increase the Insurance Commissioner's enforcement authority with regard to adjusters; to provide for allowable types of remuneration; to provide for proof of financial responsibility; to provide for record keeping; to provide for certain consumer protections; to provide for advertising requirements; to provide for certain prohibited acts; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Sexual Assault Reform Act of 2021; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 24 of Title 15 of the O.C.G.A., relating to sexual assault protocol, so as to require certain certifications to be filed; to amend Article 4 of Chapter 5 of Title 17 of the O.C.G.A., relating to investigating sexual assault; to amend Chapter 1 of Title 35 of the O.C.G.A., relating to general provisions regarding law enforcement officers and agencies; to amend Chapter 6A of Title 35 of the O.C.G.A., relating to the Criminal Justice Coordinating Council; to amend Chapter 34 of Title 43 of the O.C.G.A., relating to physicians, physician assistants, and others; to provide for limited liability; to amend Chapter 34A of Title 43 of the O.C.G.A., relating to patient right to know, so as to provide for annual reporting to the General Assembly of the number of physicians investigated or disciplined for the sexual assault of patients; to provide for definitions; to provide a short title; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Crimes and offenses; response to State v. Williams, 2020 Ga. LEXIS 85; provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 6 of Title 16 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to sexual offenses, so as to provide a response to State v. Williams, 2020 Ga. LEXIS 85 (February 10, 2020); to provide that, when a victim is under the age of 16, consent of the victim shall not be a defense to a prosecution for sodomy, aggravated sodomy, child molestation, aggravated child molestation, sexual battery, and aggravated sexual battery; to make conforming changes; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: National League of Cities' - Mayors Challenge to End Veteran Homelessness; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the National League of Cities' - Mayors Challenge to End Veteran Homelessness; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Retirement; benefits for judges of probate courts; revise method through which certain actuarial equivalents are determined. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 47-11-71 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to amount of retirement benefits for judges of the probate courts, optional retirement benefits, and manner in which persons not eligible for maximum benefits at retirement may become eligible, so as to revise the method through which certain actuarial equivalents are determined; to provide for related matters; to provide conditions for an effective date and automatic repeal; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Revenue and taxation; Internal Revenue Code and Internal Revenue Code of 1986; define terms and incorporate certain provisions of federal law into Georgia law. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 48 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to revenue and taxation, so as to revise the terms "Internal Revenue Code" and "Internal Revenue Code of 1986" and thereby incorporate certain provisions of the federal law into Georgia law; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date and applicability; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: The Occupational Therapy Licensure Compact Act; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 28 of Title 43 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to occupational therapists, so as to revise licensing provisions; to enter into an interstate compact known as the "Occupational Therapy Licensure Compact"; to authorize the State Board of Occupational Therapy to administer the compact in this state; to provide definitions; to provide for conditions; to provide for eligibility; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Community Health, Department of; assess one or more provider matching payments on ambulance services; authorize. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 2 of Chapter 11 of Title 31 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to licenses for emergency medical services, so as to authorize the Department of Community Health to assess one or more provider matching payments on ambulance services for the purpose of obtaining federal financial participation for Medicaid; to provide for definitions; to provide for payment into the Indigent Care Trust Fund; to provide for penalties; to provide for the use of funds; to provide for inspection of records; to provide for rules and regulations; to provide for statutory construction; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Juvenile Code; juvenile court to include children who are under 18 years of age; change jurisdiction. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 11 of Title 15 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the Juvenile Code, so as to change the jurisdiction of the juvenile court to include children who are under 18 years of age; to amend Title 42 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to penal institutions, so as to clarify provisions regarding juveniles; to amend Title 35 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to law enforcement officers and agencies, so as to provide for a uniform misdemeanor citation for certain juvenile offenses; to provide for implementation; to provide for implementation committee; to provide for the powers, composition, and appointment of such committee; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Distilled spirits; initiate a referendum election for the authorization of the issuance of licenses; provide additional method. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 3 of Chapter 4 of Title 3 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to local authorization and regulations for manufacture, distribution, and package sales of distilled spirits, so as to provide an additional method of initiating a referendum election for the authorization of the issuance of licenses for the package sale of distilled spirits; to change certain provisions relating to the procedures for calling and conducting certain referendum elections and the nullifications thereof; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Courts; certain juvenile court judges; provide salary supplement. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 2 of Chapter 11 of Title 15 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to juvenile court administration, so as to provide for a salary supplement for certain juvenile court judges; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Fire protection and safety; random drug tests for certain firefighters, emergency medical services personnel, paramedics, and cardiac technicians; require. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 4 of Title 25 and Article 3 of Chapter 11 of Title 31 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to general provisions relative to firefighter standards and training and to emergency medical services personnel, respectively, so as to require random drug tests for certain firefighters, emergency medical services personnel, paramedics, and cardiac technicians; to provide for licensure and certification of emergency medical services personnel, paramedics, and cardiac technicians previously convicted of a felony; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: YMCAs of Georgia; important work in communities across the state promoting a healthy spirit, mind and body; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the YMCAs of Georgia for the important work they do in communities across the state promoting a healthy spirit, mind and body; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ad valorem tax; qualified timberland property; add a definition. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 13 of Chapter 5 of Title 48 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to ad valorem taxation of qualified timberland property, so as to add a definition; to limit the determination of fair market value to a weighted market and income approach to valuation; to revise certain requirements for certification of qualified timberland property; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Local government; restrict ability of county governing authorities to reduce funding for county police departments. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 8 of Title 36 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to county police, so as to restrict the ability of county governing authorities to reduce funding for county police departments; to amend Chapter 60 of Title 36 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to general provisions applicable to municipal corporations, so as to restrict the ability of municipal or consolidated government governing authorities to reduce funding for municipal police departments; to provide for exceptions; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Education; tobacco and vapor products in course of instruction regarding alcohol and drugs; include. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Part 2 of Article 6 of Chapter 2 of Title 20 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to competencies and core curriculum, so as to include tobacco and vapor products in the course of instruction regarding alcohol and drugs required each year for all students in grades kindergarten through 12; to revise implementation dates; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Motor vehicles; issuance of Class C drivers' licenses; provide for requirements. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 2 of Chapter 5 of Title 40 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to issuance, expiration, and renewal of drivers' licenses, so as to provide for requirements for the issuance of Class C drivers' licenses; to provide for exemptions; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Hospitals and nursing homes; policy during a declared public health emergency that limits patients' abilities to be visited by designated family members and friends; provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 1 of Chapter 7 of Title 31 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to regulation of hospitals and related institutions, so as to prohibit hospitals and nursing homes from instituting any policy during a declared public health emergency that limits patients' abilities to be visited by designated family members or friends as a condition precedent to obtaining or maintaining a permit to operate a hospital or nursing home; to provide for reasonable safety precautions; to provide for limited liability; to provide for related matters; to provide for a short title; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Education; tuition equalization grants at private colleges and universities; expand definition of approved school. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 20-3-411 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to definitions regarding tuition equalization grants at private colleges and universities, so as to expand the definition of "approved school"; to provide for related matters; to provide for legislative findings; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Archer, Russell Berry; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Russell Berry Archer; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ad valorem tax; property; remove certain training requirements for members of county boards of equalization following their initial training for their first term. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 5 of Title 48 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to ad valorem taxation of property, so as to remove certain training requirements for members of county boards of equalization following their initial training for their first term; to provide for an effective date; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Revenue and taxation; proceeds of local government regulatory fees be used to pay for regulatory activity; require. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 1 of Chapter 13 of Title 48 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to general provisions regarding specific, business, and occupation taxes, so as to require that the proceeds of local government regulatory fees be used to pay for regulatory activity and not general operations; to revise the list of professions which may be subject to such regulatory fees; to remove provisions authorizing calculation of regulatory fees for new construction, renovation, and other construction projects; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Jaida Act; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 33 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to insurance, so as to permit motor vehicle insurance companies to offer a reduction in premium to qualified active duty military service members for motor vehicle insurance policies; to provide for related matters; to provide for a short title; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Revenue and taxation; medical equipment and supplies manufacturers and pharmaceutical and medicine manufacturers; provide tax credit. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 48 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to revenue and taxation, so as to provide for a tax credit for medical equipment and supplies manufacturers and pharmaceutical and medicine manufacturers; to provide for definitions; to provide for conditions and limitations on certain tax credits; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date and applicability; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Professions and businesses; massage therapy; revise a definition. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 24A of Title 43 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the practice of massage therapy, so as to revise a definition; to revise a provision relating to continuing education requirements; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Corporations, partnership, and associations; corporations may hold shareholders' meetings by means of remote communication; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Part 1 of Article 7 of Chapter 2 of Title 14 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to meetings, so as to provide that a corporation may hold annual shareholders' meetings and special shareholders' meetings by means of remote communication; to provide for requirements for such meetings by remote communication; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Telehealth Act; revise. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 1 of Chapter 24 of Title 33 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to insurance generally, so as to revise the "Georgia Telehealth Act"; to revise definitions; to authorize health care providers to provide telemedicine services from home; to authorize patients to receive telemedicine services from their home, workplace, or school; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Pharmacies; increase pharmacist to pharmacy technician ratio for providing direct supervision at any time. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 26-4-82 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to duties requiring professional judgment and responsibilities of a licensed pharmacist, so as to increase the pharmacist to pharmacy technician ratio for providing direct supervision at any time; to provide certain requirements; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Excise tax; revise definition of innkeeper to include marketplace facilitators; provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 3 of Chapter 13 of Title 48 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to excise tax on rooms, lodgings, and accommodations, so as to revise the definition of "innkeeper" to include marketplace facilitators; to define the term "marketplace innkeeper"; to expand the state levy of a nightly excise tax to include all rooms, lodgings, and accommodations; to provide for exceptions; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date and applicability; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Juvenile Code; revise definition of sexual exploitation. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 1 of Chapter 11 of Title 15, Title 19, and Article 2 of Chapter 5 of Title 49 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to general provisions regarding the Juvenile Code, domestic relations, and child abuse records, respectively, so as to revise the definition of "sexual exploitation" within the Juvenile Code and concerning child abuse, the reporting of child abuse, and child abuse records; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Organized Retail Crime Prevention Act; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to prevent organized retail crime; to amend Chapter 1 of Title 10 of the O.C.G.A., relating to selling and other trade practices, so as to provide for definitions; to provide for certain record-keeping and reporting requirements for the sale and purchase of stored value cards; to provide for certain record-keeping and reporting requirements for the sale of goods by third-party sellers on online marketplaces; to provide for penalties for failure to comply; to provide for confidentiality; to amend Article 1 of Chapter 8 of Title 16 of the O.C.G.A., relating to theft, so as to define certain terms relating to retail property fencing, shoplifting, and refund fraud; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Public utilities; one-time right of way permit fee and reduce annual right of way use fees; establish. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 1 of Chapter 5 of Title 46 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to telephone service general provisions, so as to establish a one-time right of way permit fee and reduce annual right of way use fees as due compensation paid to municipal authorities by telephone companies that do not have retail, end user customers located within the boundaries of the municipal authority; to provide certain notice requirements; to establish a civil penalty; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Sardis, City of; provide new charter. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide a new charter for the City of Sardis; to provide for incorporation, boundaries, and powers of the city; to provide for related matters; to repeal a specific Act; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Ethics in Government Act of 2021; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 5 of Title 21 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to ethics in government, so as to revise the powers and duties of the Georgia Government Transparency and Campaign Finance Commission; to provide for and revise a short title; to revise definitions; to revise procedures for the initiation of complaints; to revise requirements for certain accounts, the disposition and expenditure of certain contributions, filings, registrations, and records of accounts; to revise how maximum contribution limits are implemented; to revise purposes requiring registration with the commission; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Superior courts; clerks; notaries public; provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 2 of Chapter 6 of Title 15 and Article 1 of Chapter 17 of Title 45 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to clerks of superior courts and general provisions regarding notaries public; to amend Part 1 of Article 1 of Chapter 2 of Title 44 and Article 4 of Chapter 18 of Title 50 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to recording of deeds and other real property transactions and inspection of public records; to provide for related matters; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Agriculture; hemp farming; compliance with federal laws and regulations; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 23 of Title 2 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to hemp farming, so as to provide for compliance with federal laws and regulations; to provide for history reports; to provide for disposal of lots of hemp; to provide for sampling and random testing of hemp; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Motor vehicles; issuance of veterans' driver's licenses; revise qualifications. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 40-5-36 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to veterans' licenses, honorary licenses, and other distinctive drivers' licenses, so as to revise qualifications for issuance of veterans' driver's licenses; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Barrett, Carter; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and recognizing Carter Barrett; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Game and fish; rebuttable presumption of violation by individuals in possession of hunting paraphernalia while on others' lands; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 27-3-1 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to requirement of permission to hunt on lands of another, written permission, enforcement, and immunity of landowner from civil liability, so as to provide for a rebuttable presumption of violation of said Code section by individuals in possession of hunting paraphernalia while on others' lands; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jarom's Act; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 3 of Chapter 11 of Title 31 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to emergency medical services personnel, so as to authorize the administration of hydrocortisone sodium succinate to patients with congenital adrenal hyperplasia under certain conditions; to provide for definitions; to provide for requirements; to provide for immunity; to provide for related matters; to provide for a short title; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Motor vehicles; clarify what constitutes an obstruction for purposes of exceptions to when a vehicle is to drive on the right side of roadway. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 3 of Chapter 6 of Title 40 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to driving on right side of roadway, overtaking and passing, and following too closely, so as to clarify what constitutes an obstruction for purposes of exceptions to when a vehicle is to drive on the right side of the roadway; to provide for proper operation of a motor vehicle when overtaking a bicyclist; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: State Board of Cemeterians and Funeral Service; report suspected unlawful activity to the sheriff's office and the Attorney General; require. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 43 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to professions and businesses, so as to require the State Board of Cemeterians and the State Board of Funeral Service to report suspected unlawful activity to the sheriff's office and the Attorney General; to require the Attorney General to provide notice of such suspected unlawful activity to the appropriate prosecuting attorney; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Carbon Sequestration Registry; inclusion of building products in construction; provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 5 of Chapter 6 of Title 12 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the Georgia Carbon Sequestration Registry, so as to provide for the inclusion of building products in construction on the registry; to provide for definitions; to allow participants in the registry to voluntarily report the utilization of carbon sequestration and embodied carbon results; to provide for an advisory committee; to provide for certified third-party organizations to measure the amount of carbon sequestered from building materials that sequester carbon dioxide; to require the State Forestry Commission to publish a list of certified organizations; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Pelham, City of; reduce size of city council; revise powers of mayor. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to provide a new charter for the City of Pelham, approved April 28, 2016 (Ga. L. 2016, p. 3859), so as to reduce the size of the city council; to revise the power of the mayor to vote at city council meetings; to revise when newly elected mayors or council members take office; to provide for election by plurality of votes; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Edison, City of; provide new charter. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide a new charter for the City of Edison; to provide for definitions and construction; to provide for severability; to provide for related matters; to repeal a specific Act; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Environmental Protection Division; effective date for standards, rules, and regulations; revise. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 12-2-2 of the O.C.G.A., relating to the Environmental Protection Division, Environmental Advisory Council, duties of council and its members and director, appeal procedures generally, permit applications, and inspections, so as to revise an effective date for standards, rules, and regulations; to amend Title 27 of the O.C.G.A., relating to game and fish, so as to revise a defined term; to amend Code Section 52-7-26 of the O.C.G.A., relating to penalty regarding registration, operation, and sale of watercraft, so as to revise the effective date of rules and regulations related to penalty; to provide for related matters; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Crimes and offenses; protection of elder persons; revise definitions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 16 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to crimes and offenses, so as to revise definitions relative to the protection of elder persons; to remove enhanced penalties for certain offenses against persons 65 years of age or older or employees, agents, or volunteers at long-term care facilities; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Professions and businesses; exempt persons having completed Georgia Peace Officer Standards and Training from required fingerprint submission for application to be licensed as a private guard, watchman, or patrolman. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 43-38-7 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to licensing of armed employees of private detective and private security businesses, qualifications, continuing education, fingerprints, license card, and suspension, so as to exempt persons having completed Georgia Peace Officer Standards and Training from required fingerprint submission for application to be licensed as a private guard, watchman, or patrolman; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Controlled substances; Schedules I, II, III, IV, and V; change certain provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 13 of Title 16 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to controlled substances, so as to change certain provisions relating to Schedules I, II, III, IV, and V controlled substances; to change certain provisions relating to the definition of dangerous drug; to provide for related matters; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Physicians; job description submission to Georgia Composite Medical Board; provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 34 of Title 43 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to physicians, assistants, and others, so as to provide that job descriptions entered into between physicians and physician assistants are not required to be submitted to or approved by the Georgia Composite Medical Board; to authorize physicians to delegate the authority to physician assistants and advanced practice registered nurses to prescribe Schedule II controlled substances under certain conditions; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Health; term limits for members of joint hospital authorities; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 4 of Chapter 7 of Title 31 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to county and municipal hospital authorities, so as to provide for term limits for members of joint hospital authorities; to provide that joint hospital authorities that lease certain hospitals are subject to limitations on utilization of revenues; to provide for applicability; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Evidence; certain proceedings may be conducted by video conference; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 24-13-60 of the O.C.G.A., relating to order requiring prisoner's delivery to serve as witness or criminal defendant generally, expenses, and prisoner under death sentence as witness, so as to provide that certain proceedings may be conducted by video conference; to provide for requirements for such proceedings; to authorize judges to order a prisoner's appearance in court; to provide that attorney-client privilege shall be preserved; to provide for the maintenance of certain records; to amend Article 6 of Chapter 3 of Title 35 of the O.C.G.A., relating to Division of Forensic Sciences, so as to provide that employees of the state crime lab or associated laboratories may appear by video teleconference in certain proceedings in court; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date and applicability; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Sales and use tax; local authorities providing public water or sewer service; exempt. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 8 of Title 48 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to sales and use taxes, so as to exempt from taxation local authorities providing public water or sewer service; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bremen, City of; levy an excise tax. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to authorize the governing authority of the City of Bremen to levy an excise tax pursuant to subsection (b) of Code Section 48-13-51 of the O.C.G.A.; to provide procedures, conditions, and limitations; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bacon County; Board of Education; modify compensation of members. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to reconstitute the Board of Education of Bacon County, approved February 20, 1976 (Ga. L. 1976, p. 2713), as amended, so as to modify the compensation of the chairperson and members of the Board of Education of Bacon County; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: State government; certain contracts; Israel; provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Part 1 of Article 3 of Chapter 5 of Title 50 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to general authority, duties, and procedure relative to state purchasing, so as to prohibit the state from entering into certain contracts with an individual or company unless such contracts contain a certification that such individual or company does not presently conduct a boycott of Israel and will not conduct such a boycott for the duration of such contract; to exclude certain contracts from these requirements; to revise a definition; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Motor vehicles; issuance of traffic citation to vehicle owner in lieu of individual operating motor vehicle in certain instances; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 40 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to motor vehicles and traffic, so as to provide for the issuance of a traffic citation to a vehicle owner in lieu of the individual operating the motor vehicle in certain instances; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Teachers Retirement System of Georgia; employ beneficiaries; permit public school systems. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 7 of Chapter 3 of Title 47 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to retirement allowances, disability benefits, and spouses' benefits, so as to permit public school systems to employ beneficiaries of the Teachers Retirement System of Georgia as classroom teachers in a full-time capacity in an area of highest need determined for the Regional Education Service Agency to which such public school system is assigned; to require such employers to make employer and employee contributions on behalf of such employed beneficiaries; to provide for conditions and limitations for beneficiaries who return to service full time as teachers; to provide for a performance audit; to provide for related matters; to provide for a definition; to provide conditions for an effective date and automatic repeal; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Employment security; change definition of employment to include services performed by an individual for wages; provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 8 of Title 34 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to employment security, so as to change the definition of employment to include services performed by an individual for wages unless the Department of Labor makes a contrary determination based upon evidence that such individual has been, and will continue to be, free from control or direction over the performance of such services; to provide for civil penalties; to prohibit retaliation by employers against individuals who report violations of or noncompliance with the "Employment Security Law"; to provide for a civil cause of action for retaliation by employers; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: State government; definition of small business; change. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Part 3 of Article 3 of Chapter 5 of Title 50 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to small business assistance, so as to change the definition of small business; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Alcoholic beverages; licenses for retail sale packages of alcoholic beverages for consumption off premises shall be subject to regulation as to distance from schools as determined by the local governing authority; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 3 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to alcoholic beverages, so as to provide that licenses for retail sale packages of alcoholic beverages for consumption off the premises shall be subject to regulation as to distances from schools as determined by the local governing authority; to provide definitions; to provide an exception; to provide for related matters; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: The Professional Counselors Licensure Compact Act; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 10A of Title 43 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to professional counselors, social workers, and marriage and family therapists, so as to revise certain licensing provisions; to enter into an interstate compact known as the "Professional Counselors Licensure Compact"; to authorize the Georgia Composite Board of Professional Counselors, Social Workers, and Marriage and Family Therapists to administer the compact in this state; to authorize the board to conduct national background checks; to provide for conditions; to provide for eligibility; to provide for related matters; to provide for a short title; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: South Georgia Regional Information Technology Authority; repeal Act. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to repeal an Act creating the South Georgia Regional Information Technology Authority, approved May 29, 2007 (Ga. L. 2007, p. 4336), as amended; to provide for assets and liabilities thereof; to provide for related matters; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Judicial Legal Defense Fund Commission; establish. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 4 of Chapter 15 of Title 45 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to counsel for public officials and agencies, so as to provide for a process for state-funded representation of certain judges in legal actions resulting from performance or nonperformance of their official duties; to provide for a definition; to establish the Judicial Legal Defense Fund; to establish the Judicial Legal Defense Fund Commission; to provide for appointments and duties; to provide for requirements; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bingo; transfer regulatory authority from Georgia Bureau of Investigation to Secretary of State. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Part 2 of Article 2 of Chapter 12 of Title 16 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to bingo, so as to transfer regulatory authority over bingo from the director of the Georgia Bureau of Investigation to the Secretary of State; to revise definitions; to provide for transfer of authority and continuity of regulations; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Prosecuting Attorneys Oversight Commission; create. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 1 of Chapter 18 of Title 15 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to general provisions regarding prosecuting attorneys, so as to create the Prosecuting Attorneys Oversight Commission; to provide for definitions; to provide for the powers, composition, appointment, and confirmation of such commission; to provide for commission members' terms, vacancies, and removals; to provide for procedures and confidentiality; to provide for related matters; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Professions and businesses; licensure of individuals in the practice of applied behavior analysis; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 43 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to professions and businesses, so as to provide for the licensure of individuals in the practice of applied behavior analysis; to provide legislative findings; to provide for definitions; to create the Georgia Behavior Analyst Licensing Board; to provide for its membership and duties; to provide for licensing requirements; to provide for penalties; to provide for statutory construction; to provide for temporary licenses; to provide for reciprocity; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bainbridge Bearcats football team; winning the 2018 GHSA 5A Football Championship; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Bainbridge Bearcats football team for winning the 2018 GHSA 5A State Football Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Sales and use tax; change certain definitions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 8 of Title 48 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to sales and use taxes, so as to change certain definitions regarding such taxes; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Professions and businesses; licensure of advanced practice registered nurses; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 26 of Title 43 of the O.C.G.A., relating to nurses, so as to provide for licensure of advanced practice registered nurses; to amend Code Section 16-13-72, Code Section 31-6-2, and Article 7 of Chapter 7 of Title 31 of the O.C.G.A., relating to the sale, distribution, or possession of dangerous drugs, definitions relative to state health planning and development, and home health agencies; to amend Article 3 of Chapter 2 of Title 40 and Article 2 of Chapter 34 of Title 43 of the O.C.G.A., relating to prestige license plates and special plates for certain persons and vehicles and medical practice; to amend Code Section 43-26-5 of the O.C.G.A., relating to general powers and responsibilities of the Board of Nursing, so as to authorize the collection of workforce data; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Local government; exempt certain contracts competitively procured by the state or cooperative purchasing organizations. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 2 of Chapter 91 of Title 36 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to contracting and bidding requirements for public works; so as to exempt certain contracts competitively procured by the state or cooperative purchasing organizations; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Eason, Caleb Luke; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Caleb Luke Eason; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Local government; attendants at self-service motor fuel establishments to dispense motor fuel to individuals with special disabilities; require. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 60 of Title 36 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to general provisions applicable to counties and municipal corporations, so as to require attendants at self-service motor fuel establishments to dispense motor fuel to individuals with special disabilities; to provide for related decals on pumps; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Domestic relations; management of social media in parenting plans; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 19 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to domestic relations, so as to provide for the management of social media in parenting plans; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Torts; transfer of structured settlement payment rights; provide new requirements. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 12 of Title 51 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to damages, so as to provide for new requirements regarding the transfer of structured settlement payment rights; to provide for definitions; to provide for registration of transferees; to provide for requirements; to provide for prohibited acts; to provide for required disclosures; to provide for approval of transfers; to provide for related matters; to provide for a short title; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: South Fulton, City of; change corporate boundaries. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to incorporate the City of South Fulton in Fulton County, Georgia, approved April 26, 2016 (Ga. L. 2016, p. 3726), as amended, so as to change the corporate boundaries of the municipality; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia High School Fencing League; member teams; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION Recognizing and commending the Georgia High School Fencing League and its member teams; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Georgia Utility Facility Protection Act; revise. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 9 of Title 25 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to blasting or excavating near utility facilities, so as to revise the "Georgia Utility Facility Protection Act" to enhance the processes for locate requests and to require that 9-1-1 be contacted if an excavator damages a gas or hazardous liquid pipeline; to change and provide for certain definitions; to provide for certain procedures in extraordinary circumstances; to provide limitations on the recovery of costs of damages; to establish a statute of limitations on enforcement; to amend Code Section 46-3-34, relating to utilities protection center, funding of activities, notice of work delay, and responsibility for completing safety requirements, so as to correct a cross-reference; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Low THC Oil Patient Registry; authorize Department of Public Health to release deidentified data to government entities for research. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 31-2A-18 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the Low THC Oil Patient Registry, so as to authorize the Department of Public Health to release deidentified data to government entities and other entities for research and other purposes; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ad valorem tax; property; fair market value applicable to inventory; provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Part 1 of Article 2 of Chapter 5 of Title 48 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to property tax exemptions, so as to provide for the optional determination by a taxpayer of the fair market value applicable to inventory for which a level 1 freeport exemption is sought for certain taxable years; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Special license plates; certified, volunteer, and retired firefighters; provide standards for proof of eligibility. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 40-2-86.1 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to special license plates promoting or supporting certain worthy agencies, funds, or nonprofit corporations and qualified motor vehicles or drivers with proceeds deposited into the general fund, so as to provide for standards for proof of eligibility for special license plates for certified, volunteer, and retired firefighters; to provide for the issuance of such special license plates; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Insurance; certain coverage requirements concerning providers that become out-of-network during a plan year; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 33-20C-2 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to online provider directories, so as to provide for certain coverage requirements concerning providers that become out-of-network during a plan year; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Education; student transportation; revise a provision. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 2 of Title 20 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to elementary and secondary education, so as to revise a provision relating to student transportation; to authorize local boards of education to use vehicles other than school buses for the transport of students to and from school related activities; to provide for minimum requirements; to provide for insurance; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Carroll County; Board of Elections; expand board from three to five members. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing for the Carroll County Board of Elections, approved April 29, 1997 (Ga. L. 1997, p. 4592), as amended, particularly by an Act approved May 17, 2004 (Ga. L. 2004, p. 3592), so as to expand the board from three to five members; to provide for appointments to the board; to provide for terms of the additional board members; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Composite Medical Board; require certain training relating to sexual misconduct for members. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 34 of Title 43 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to physicians, physician assistants, and others, so as to require certain training relating to sexual misconduct for members of the Georgia Composite Medical Board; to amend Chapter 34A of Title 43 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to patient right to know, so as to provide for annual reporting to the General Assembly of the number of physicians investigated or disciplined for the sexual assault of patients; to provide for definitions; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Local government; prohibit annexations of county operated airport property. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 5 of Chapter 36 of Title 36 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to limitation on annexation of areas furnished services or included in comprehensive zoning plan by certain counties, so as to prohibit annexations of county operated airport property by governing authorities of certain municipal corporations absent approval by the governing authority of the county operating the airport; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Guardian and ward; petition for appointment of temporary guardian of minor filed in probate court may be transferred to juvenile court; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 29 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to guardian and ward, so as to provide for when a petition for the appointment of a temporary guardian of a minor filed in the probate court may be transferred from the probate court to the juvenile court; to revise the assessment of certain costs, compensation, fees, and expenses; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Local government; imposing civil penalties upon an alarm systems contractor for a false alarm that occurs through no fault of alarm systems contractor; prohibit. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 60 of Title 36 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to general provisions applicable to counties and municipal corporations, so as to prohibit local governments from imposing civil penalties upon an alarm systems contractor for a false alarm that occurs through no fault of the alarm systems contractor; to provide for definitions; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Motor vehicles; number of required hours in the intervention component of DUI Alcohol or Drug Use Risk Reduction Programs; reduce. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 5 of Title 40 and Chapter 13 of Title 43 of the O.C.G.A., relating to drivers' licenses and driver training schools, respectively, so as to reduce the number of required hours in the intervention component of DUI Alcohol or Drug Use Risk Reduction Programs; to allow licensed driver training schools to conduct on-the-road testing; to provide for driving training requirements; to provide for waiver of certain fees; to provide for standards for examination of applicants by a driver training school; to provide for issuance of a license to driving school instructors to teach certain courses and perform driver's examinations; to provide for definitions and conforming changes; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date and applicability; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Income tax; rehabilitation of historic structures; revise tax credits. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 2 of Chapter 7 of Title 48 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the imposition, rate, and computation and exemptions from state income taxes, so as to revise procedures, conditions, and limitations relating to tax credits for the rehabilitation of historic structures; to authorize promulgation of regulations; to provide for preapproval of additional tax credits for current recipients of tax credits; to provide for automatic repeal; to provide for related matters; to provide for applicability; to repeal Section 2 of Ga. L. 2015, p. 1340, approved May 12, 2015; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Property; no plans are required when units are not designated by physical structures; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 3 of Title 44 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to regulation of specialized land transactions, so as to provide that no plans are required when units are not designated by physical structures; to provide that no plats are required for subcondominiums; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Professional Engineers and Land Surveyors Act of 2021; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 15 of Title 43 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to professional engineers and land surveyors, so as to provide that the Georgia Professional Engineers and Land Surveyors Board is an independent state agency attached to the Secretary of State for administrative purposes only; to provide a short title; to provide for definitions; to provide for the powers and duties of the board; to authorize the board to employ an executive director; to provide for the powers and duties of the executive director; to revise provisions for purposes of conformity; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Income tax; applications for credit for qualified donations of real property; extend sunset date. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 48-7-29.12 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to tax credit for qualified donation of real property, carryover of credit, appraisals, transfer of credit, and penalty, so as to extend the sunset date for applications for the tax credit for qualified donations of real property; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Evidence; expert testimony in criminal cases; change rules. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 7 of Title 24 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to opinions and expert testimony, so as to change the rules of evidence regarding expert testimony in criminal cases; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date and applicability; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Criminal procedure; revise certain arrest powers; provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 17 of the O.C.G.A., relating to criminal procedure, so as to revise certain arrest powers; to provide for arrests by a law enforcement officer outside of the jurisdiction of his or her employing law enforcement agency under certain circumstances; to revise the grounds for arrest by a private person; to repeal in its entirety Article 4 of Chapter 4, relating to arrest by private persons; to amend Article 5 of Chapter 2 of Title 35 of the O.C.G.A., relating to motor carrier compliance division; to amend Chapter 38 of Title 43 of the O.C.G.A., relating to operators of private detective businesses and private security businesses; to amend Article 4 of Chapter 7 of Title 51 of the O.C.G.A., relating to detention or arrest on suspicion of shoplifting or film piracy; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date and applicability; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Property; creation, declaration and priority of liens for labor, services, or materials performed or furnished by registered interior designers; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Part 3 of Article 8 of Chapter 14 of Title 44 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to mechanics and materialmen liens, so as to provide for the creation, declaration, amendment, notice, and priority of liens for labor, services, or materials performed or furnished by registered interior designers; to provide for definitions; to provide for commencement of actions and limitations on amount of such liens; to provide for rights as to liens of partnerships, corporations, and associations made up of or employing registered interior designers; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date and for applicability; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Courts; increase minimum compensation for chief magistrates and others; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 15 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to courts, so as to provide for an increase in the minimum compensation for chief magistrates; to provide for the calculation of future increases in the minimum compensation for chief magistrates; to provide for an increase in the minimum compensation for other magistrates; to provide for an increase in the minimum compensation for clerks of magistrate courts; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Catoosa County; certain purchases made; remove certain bidding requirements. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating the office of commissioner of Catoosa County, approved February 12, 1943 (Ga. L. 1943, p. 858), as amended, particularly by an Act approved March 28, 1986 (Ga. L. 1986, p. 5538) and an Act approved March 19, 1987 (Ga. L. 1987, p. 4290) so as to remove certain bidding requirements on certain purchases made by the county; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Bureau of Investigation and the Sexual Offender Registration Review Board; revise duties. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 1 of Chapter 3 of Title 35 and Article 2 of Chapter 1 of Title 42 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to general provisions regarding the Georgia Bureau of Investigation and the Sexual Offender Registration Review Board, respectively, so as to revise the duties of the Georgia Bureau of Investigation and the Sexual Offender Registration Review Board relative to the board's determination of a sexual offender's risk assessment classification; to provide for definitions; to provide for certain investigators; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Code Revision Commission; revise, modernize and correct errors or omissions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, so as to revise, modernize, correct errors or omissions in, and reenact the statutory portion of said Code, as amended, in furtherance of the work of the Code Revision Commission; to repeal portions of said Code, or Acts in amendment thereof, which have become obsolete, have been declared to be unconstitutional, or have been preempted or superseded by subsequent laws; to codify principles of law derived from decisions of the state Supreme Court; to provide for other matters relating to revision, reenactment, and publication of said Code; to provide for effect in event of conflicts; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ad valorem tax; property; expand an exemption for agricultural equipment and certain farm products. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Part 1 of Article 2 of Chapter 5 of Title 48 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to property tax exemptions, so as to expand an exemption for agricultural equipment and certain farm products held by certain entities to include entities comprising two or more family owned farm entities; to add dairy products and unfertilized eggs of poultry as qualified farm products with respect to such exemption; to provide for a referendum; to provide for effective dates, applicability, and automatic repeal; to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Georgia Agribusiness and Rural Jobs Act; provide for a second round of funding and period for applications. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 33-1-25 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the "Georgia Agribusiness and Rural Jobs Act," so as to provide for a second round of funding and period for applications; to increase an application fee and provide for an annual maintenance fee; to change certain reporting requirements; to revise and provide for definitions; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Pierce County High School Competition Cheerleading Team; undefeated season; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Pierce County High School Competition Cheerleading Team on their undefeated season; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Commerce and trade; commercial recordings, musical performances, and audiovisual works; provide protections. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 1 of Title 10 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to selling and other trade practices, so as to provide protections for commercial recordings, musical performances, and audiovisual works; to prohibit the deceptive practice of musical performance groups advertising and appearing as the recording group without the recording group's permission or denoting that it is a salute or tribute performance; to provide for definitions; to specify violations; to require certain websites or online services to properly identify third-party commercial recordings or audiovisual works; to provide for definitions; to provide for civil and criminal penalties and causes of action; to provide for a short title; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Insurance; require certain insurers to make at least one reasonably priced comprehensive major medical health insurance policy available. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 1 of Chapter 30 of Title 33 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to general provisions relative to group or blanket accident and sickness insurance, so as to require certain insurers to make at least one reasonably priced comprehensive major medical health insurance policy available to residents in this state without limitation or exclusion based on preexisting conditions; to condition such requirement on the repeal or judicial invalidation of certain provisions of the federal Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act; to provide for definitions; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: State treasury; establishment or revision of certain Trust Funds; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Titles 12, 19, 27, 28, 31, 40, 45, 48, and 49 of the O.C.G.A., relating to conservation and natural resources, domestic relations, game and fish, General Assembly, health, motor vehicles and traffic, public officers and employees, revenue and taxation, and social services, respectively, so as to provide for the establishment or revision of the Georgia Outdoor Stewardship Trust Fund, Solid Waste Trust Fund, Hazardous Waste Trust Fund, State Children's Trust Fund, Wildlife Endowment Trust Fund, Trauma Care Network Trust Fund, Transportation Trust Fund, Georgia Agricultural Trust Fund, Fireworks Trust Fund, and Georgia Transit Trust Fund as funds within the state treasury; to dedicate the proceeds of certain fees and taxes to such funds as authorized and subject to the conditions imposed by Article III, Section IX, Paragraph VI(r) of the Constitution of Georgia; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Education; calculation of minimum revenue obligations for scholarships and tuition grants; provide for inclusion of earned interest. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 2A of Title 20 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to student scholarship organizations, so as to provide for the inclusion of earned interest in the calculation of minimum revenue obligations for scholarships and tuition grants; to require that student scholarship organization audits are conducted in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards; to amend Code Section 48-7-29.16, relating to qualified education tax credits, so as to increase the limit available to individuals, heads of household, married couples filing joint returns, and individuals who are members of certain limited liability companies, shareholders of Subchapter "S" corporations, or partners in a partnership; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date and applicability; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: AJC Peachtree Road Race; honor. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring and commemorating the AJC Peachtree Road Race; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Elections; no election superintendents or boards of registrars shall accept private funding; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 2 of Title 21 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to elections and primaries generally, so as to provide that no election superintendents or boards of registrars shall accept private funding; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Labor, Department of; employment security; change certain provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 34 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to labor and industrial relations, so as to change certain provisions relating the Department of Labor and employment security; to authorize the Commissioner of Labor to designate peace officers to carry out and enforce provisions relating to labor and industrial relations; to provide for service of certain documents; to change certain provisions relating to the powers and duties of the Commissioner of Labor; to change certain provisions relating to eligibility requirements for extended benefits; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: City of Sylvester Public Facilities Authority Act; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to create the City of Sylvester Public Facilities Authority; to provide for a short title; to provide for the appointment of members of the authority; to provide for the purpose and scope of operation; to provide for definitions; to confer powers upon the authority; to authorize the issuance of revenue bonds of the authority; to provide for interests and remedies to bondholders; to fix and provide the venue and jurisdiction of actions relating to any provisions of this Act; to provide for moneys received to be deemed trust funds; to provide for tort immunity; to provide for tax exemption; to provide for rates, charges, and revenues; to provide for effect on other governments; to provide for construction of the act and severability; to provide for related matters; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Crimes and offenses; promoting illegal drag racing and laying drags; provide for offense. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 2 of Chapter 11 of Title 16 of the O.C.G.A., relating to offenses against public order, so as to provide for the offense of promoting illegal drag racing and laying drags; to provide for punishment; to amend Title 40 of the O.C.G.A., relating to motor vehicles and traffic, so as to provide for the offense of reckless stunt driving; to provide for report of conviction of such offenses by courts to the Department of Driver Services; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date and applicability; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Sylvester, City of; provide extraterritorial utility services; authorize. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to provide a new charter for the City of Sylvester, approved May 13, 2008 (Ga. L. 2008, p. 4219), so as to authorize the city to provide extraterritorial utility services; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Medical Practice Act of the State of Georgia; institutional licenses; revise provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 2 of Chapter 34 of Title 43 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the "Medical Practice Act of the State of Georgia," so as to revise provisions relating to institutional licenses; to provide for a definition; to revise a provision relating to United States Drug Enforcement Administration registration; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: State government; composition of the board of directors of the lottery; change. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 27 of Title 50 of the O.C.G.A., relating to lottery for education, so as to change the composition of the board of directors of the lottery; to comprehensively revise Article 3, relating to bona fide coin operated amusement machines; to provide for an effective date; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Richmond Hill, City of; provide new charter. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide a new charter for the City of Richmond Hill; to provide for incorporation, boundaries, and powers of the city; to provide for related matters; to repeal a specific Act; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Social services; reasonable access to records concerning reports of child abuse to the Administrative Office of the Courts; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 49-5-41 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to persons and agencies permitted access to records, so as to provide for reasonable access to records concerning reports of child abuse to the Administrative Office of the Courts; to provide for agreements with the Division of Family and Children Services to ensure confidentiality; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: State government; participation in hearings by electronic communications; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 13 of Title 50 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to administrative procedure, so as to provide for participation in hearings by electronic communications; to provide for electronic filing of documents; to provide for electronic service; to provide for the electronic availability or transfer of the record; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Property; revise when an action may operate as a lis pendens. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 9 of Chapter 14 of Title 44 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to lis pendens, so as to revise when an action may operate as a lis pendens; to require issuance by a court; to provide for procedures and qualifications for issuance; to provide for related matters; to provide for applicability; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Thomas County; Board of Commissioners; modify compensation. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating the Board of Commissioners of Thomas County, approved December 1, 1898 (Ga. L. 1898, p. 378), as amended, so as to modify the compensation of the commissioners on the Thomas County Board of Commissioners; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Criminal procedure; add DFCS case managers to people for whom arrest warrants may be issued only by certain judicial officers. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 3 of Chapter 4 of Title 17 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to warrants for arrest, so as to add DFCS case manager to the people for whom arrest warrants may be issued only by certain judicial officers; to provide for related matters; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Newborn Screening and Genetics Advisory Committee; create. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 12 of Title 31 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to control of hazardous conditions, preventable diseases, and metabolic disorders, so as to revise provisions relating to newborn screening for various disorders; to create the Newborn Screening and Genetics Advisory Committee to review and make recommendations to the department when a new disorder is added to the federal Recommended Uniform Screening Panel; to provide for requests for appropriations to cover new disorders; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Animals; Companion Local Government Animal Trust Fund for reimbursement of impoundment expenses incurred by local governments; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 4-11-3 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to licenses for pet dealers and kennel, stable, or animal shelter operators, requirement, issuance, and application, so as to provide for a Companion Local Government Animal Trust Fund for reimbursement of impoundment expenses incurred by local governments; to provide for annual reporting; to provide for promulgation of regulations; to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to provide for an effective date and automatic repeal; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ad valorem tax; authorize on premises processing and marketing of agricultural products as a qualifying conservation use. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 48-5-7.4, relating to bona fide conservation use property, residential transitional property, application procedures, penalties for breach of covenant, classification on tax digest, and annual report, so as to authorize on premises processing and marketing of agricultural products as a qualifying conservation use; to provide for a definition; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Highways, bridges, and ferries; proposal guaranty for bids upon certain projects; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 32 and Code Section 40-6-181 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to highways, bridges, and ferries and maximum speed limits, respectively, so as to provide for a proposal guaranty for bids upon certain projects; to provide for the licensing of airports; to provide for definitions; to provide for issuance of cease and desist orders and punishment; to provide for posting of signage of maximum speed limits; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Public Safety and Judicial Facilities Act; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 75 of Title 36 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to war on terrorism local assistance, so as to change a short title to the "Public Safety and Judicial Facilities Act"; to repeal the requirement for referendums prior to issuance of bonded indebtedness for new projects; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cherokee County; probate judge; provide nonpartisan elections. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide that future elections for the office of probate judge of Cherokee County shall be nonpartisan elections; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Economic Recovery Act of 2021; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Part 1 of Article 1 of Chapter 8 of Title 48 of the O.C.G.A., relating to general provisions regarding sales and use taxes, so as to extend the sunset date for the exemption for projects of regional significance; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Georgia Economic Renewal Act of 2021; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 48 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to revenue and taxation, so as to provide for a tax credit for medical equipment and supplies manufacturers and pharmaceutical and medicine manufacturers; to amend Code Section 33-1-25 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the "Georgia Agribusiness and Rural Jobs Act," so as to provide for a second round of funding and period for applications; to increase an application fee and provide for an annual maintenance fee; change certain reporting requirements; to revise and provide for definitions; to amend Code Section 48-7-40.34 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to tax credit for Class III railroads and reporting, so as to extend an income tax credit for expenditures on the maintenance of railroad track owned or leased by Class III railroads; to provide for a short title; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Transportation; eligible expenditures; Georgia Freight Railroad Program; provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 32 of the O.C.G.A., relating to highways, bridges, and ferries, so as to provide for eligible expenditures for the Georgia Freight Railroad Program of the Georgia Department of Transportation; to amend Title 48 of the O.C.G.A., relating to revenue and taxation, so as to provide for an exemption to state sales and use tax; to amend Code Section 52-2-5 of the O.C.G.A., relating to composition of the Georgia Ports Authority; appointment, terms, and qualifications of members generally; to provide for related matters; to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Mental health; marriage and family therapists to perform certain acts which physicians and others are authorized to perform; authorize. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 37 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to mental health, so as to authorize marriage and family therapists to perform certain acts which physicians, psychologists, and others are authorized to perform regarding emergency examinations of persons for involuntary evaluation and treatment for mental illness or alcohol or drug abuse; to define certain terms; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Tax Relief Act of 2021; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 2 of Chapter 7 of Title 48 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to imposition, rate, computation, and exemptions from state income tax, so as to increase the amount of the standard deduction from state taxable income for individuals; to provide for a short title; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date and applicability; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Clay County; Board of Education; change compensation of members. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act reconstituting the Board of Education of Clay County, approved January 15, 1993 (Ga. L. 1993, p. 3576), as amended, particularly by an Act approved April 4, 1997 (Ga. L. 1997, p. 3554) so as to change the compensation of the members of the board of education; to provide for related matters; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hapeville, City of; quorums of mayor and council; revise provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to provide a new charter for the City of Hapeville, Georgia, approved March 25, 1980 (Ga. L. 1980, p. 3769), as amended, so as to revise provisions related to quorums of the mayor and council; to revise procedures for filling vacancies on the city council; to revise provisions related to the city attorney; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Pullar, Pat; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Pat Pullar; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Crimes and offenses; low THC oil, marijuana, and tetrahydrocannabinols do not include certain federally approved products; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 16 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to crimes and offenses, so as to provide that low THC oil, marijuana, and tetrahydrocannabinols do not include certain federally approved products; to remove epidiolex as a Schedule V controlled substance; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Brantley County; Board of Commissioners; authorize chairperson to make and second motions and vote on all matters. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating the board of commissioners of Brantley County, approved July 21, 1927 (Ga. L. 1927, p. 500), as amended, so as to authorize the chairperson of the board of commissioners to make and second motions and vote on all matters that come before the board for a vote; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bartow County; school district ad valorem tax; provide homestead exemption. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide a homestead exemption from Bartow County school district ad valorem taxes for educational purposes in the amount of $60,000.00 of the appraised value of the homestead for residents of that school district who are 65 years of age or older, in the amount of $80,000.00 of the appraised value of the homestead for residents of that school district who are 75 years of age or older, and in the amount of the full appraised value of the homestead for residents of that school district who are 80 years of age or older; to provide for definitions; to specify the terms and conditions of the exemption and the procedures relating thereto; to provide for applicability; to provide for a referendum, effective dates, and automatic repeal; to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Health; provide for authorized electronic monitoring in long-term care facilities. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 8 of Title 31 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to care and protection of indigent and elderly patients, so as to provide for authorized electronic monitoring in long-term care facilities; to provide for definitions; to provide consent requirements; to provide for notice to the facility; to provide for relocation of a resident to another room; to provide for installation and costs; to provide for notice to visitors; to prohibit obstruction or destruction of electronic monitoring devices; to provide for protection of privacy rights; to provide for limited liability; to provide for a notification and consent form; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: HOPE scholarships; add Georgia Independent School Association to the list of accrediting agencies. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 20-3-519 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to definitions regarding HOPE scholarships and grants, so as to add the Georgia Independent School Association to the list of accrediting agencies; to provide for an effective date; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Macon, City of; City of Payne City; Bibb County; eligibility for office of mayor; revise provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to provide for the restructuring of the City of Macon, the City of Payne City, and Bibb County, approved April 20, 2012 (Ga. L. 2012, p. 5595), as amended, so as to revise provisions regarding eligibility for the office of mayor; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Perry, City of; levy an excise tax. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to authorize the governing authority of the City of Perry to levy an excise tax pursuant to subsection (b) of Code Section 48-13-51 of the O.C.G.A.; to provide procedures, conditions, and limitations; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Griffin Judicial Circuit; assignment of cases; revise method. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to revise certain provisions governing the Griffin Judicial Circuit; to revise the method for the assignment of cases; to revise the method for the selection of one or more qualified persons as judge of the juvenile courts of the circuit; to revise the method of selection of the chief judge; to revise the method for filling a vacancy in the office of chief magistrate of Fayette County; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Postsecondary education; student athletes may receive compensation for use of name, image, or likeness; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 3 of Title 20 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to postsecondary education, so as to provide that student athletes participating in intercollegiate athletic programs at postsecondary educational institutions may receive compensation for the use of the student athlete's name, image, or likeness; to provide for application to intercollegiate athletic associations; to allow for professional representation of such student athletes participating in intercollegiate athletics; to provide for findings; to provide for definitions; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Heritage trust program; sale of Patrick's Fishing Paradise to a private entity; authorize. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Part 2 of Article 3 of Chapter 3 of Title 12 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the heritage trust program, so as to authorize the sale of Patrick's Fishing Paradise to a private entity; to provide for a procedure for same; to provide for a definition; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Guardian and ward; payment of certain settlements involving claims of minors; clarify and revise procedures and requirements. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 29, Chapter 4 of Title 51, and Article 6 of Chapter 6 of Title 53 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to guardian and ward, wrongful death, and bond, respectively, so as to clarify and revise procedures and requirements for the payment of certain settlements involving claims of minors; to revise and provide for definitions; to revise when the natural guardian or next friend of a minor may receive the personal property of a minor for certain purposes; to revise certain bond requirements; to provide for related matters; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cohutta, City of; provide new charter. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide a new charter for the Town of Cohutta; to provide for related matters; to repeal a specific Act; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: South Georgia Judicial Circuit; additional judge of the superior court; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 15-6-2 of the O.C.G.A., relating to the number of judges of superior courts, so as to provide for an additional judge of the superior court of the South Georgia Judicial Circuit; to provide for related matters; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Tri-County Natural Gas Authority Act; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to create the Tri-County Natural Gas Authority; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Crime Information Center; develop a system to collect information on an individual's ability to communicate with law enforcement or emergency responders; provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 35-3-33 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to powers and duties of the Georgia Crime Information Center, so as to provide for the development and operation of a system to voluntarily collect and disseminate information relating to conditions that may impede an individual's ability to communicate with law enforcement or emergency responders; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cherokee County; State Court; modify compensation of judges. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to create the State Court of Cherokee County, approved April 15, 1996 (Ga. L. 1996, p. 4427), as amended, so as to modify the compensation of the judges of the State Court of Cherokee County; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Wilkinson County; Magistrate Court; provide one-year terms of office for magistrates. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to provide that the judge of the Probate Court of Wilkinson County shall serve as chief magistrate of the Magistrate Court of Wilkinson County, approved March 12, 1984 (Ga. L. 1984, p. 3980), as amended; so as to provide one-year terms of office for magistrates; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Courts; each judge of the superior court, state court, and probate court and each magistrate shall have authority to perform any lawful judicial act; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 15 of the O.C.G.A., relating to courts, so as to provide that each judge of the superior court, state court, and probate court and each magistrate shall have authority to perform any lawful judicial act regardless of where he or she is physically located at the time of such act; to amend Title 17 of the O.C.G.A., relating to criminal procedure, so as to provide for the issuance of arrest warrants by a judge regardless of where such judge is physically located; to revise standards for holding a court of inquiry; to amend Article 1 of Chapter 6 of Title 15 of the O.C.G.A., relating to general provisions regarding superior courts, so as to revise when superior courts are authorized to use alternative locations; to provide for criteria; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Solid waste management; post-closure ground-water monitoring at closed coal combustion residual impoundments; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Part 1 of Article 2 of Chapter 8 of Title 12 of the O.C.G.A., relating to general provisions relative to solid waste management, so as to provide for post-closure ground-water monitoring at closed coal combustion residual impoundments; to provide for definitions; to provide for ground-water monitoring reports; to amend Part 3 of Article 2 of Chapter 7 of Title 16 of the O.C.G.A., relating to criminal trespass and damage to property relative to waste control, so as to provide for a conforming cross-reference; to amend Part 1 of Article 3 of Chapter 8 of Title 48 of the O.C.G.A., relating to county special purpose local option sales tax, so as to provide for conforming cross-references; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Crimes and offenses; medical cannabis; update and revise provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 9 of Chapter 12 of Title 16 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to access to medical cannabis, so as to update and revise provisions; to provide for related matters; to provide for legislative findings; to provide for application; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Pharmacy Practice Act; pharmacy care; revise definition. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 26-4-5 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to definitions relative to the "Georgia Pharmacy Practice Act," so as to revise the definition of "pharmacy care"; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Brookhaven, City of; filling of vacancies in the offices of mayor and councilmembers; provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to incorporate the City of Brookhaven in DeKalb County, approved April 16, 2012 (Ga. L. 2012, p. 5527), as amended, so as to provide for the filling of vacancies in the offices of mayor and councilmembers of more than 12 months; to provide for the filling of vacancies in the offices of mayor and councilmembers of less than 12 months; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Canton, City of; provide new charter. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide a new charter for the City of Canton; to provide for pending matters; to provide for definitions and construction; to provide for severability; to provide for related matters; to repeal specific Acts; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Franklin-Hart Airport Authority; members and employees; revise provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to create the Franklin-Hart Airport Authority, approved April 1, 1996 (Ga. L. 1996, p. 3927), so as to revise the provisions regarding members and employees of the authority transacting certain business with the authority; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cline, Claire J.; outstanding public service; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Claire J. Cline on her outstanding public service; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Farmers' Market and Produce Terminal Development Authority Act; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 2 of the O.C.G.A., relating to agriculture, so as to create the Georgia Farmers' Market and Produce Terminal Development Authority; to amend Chapter 15 of Title 45 of the O.C.G.A., relating to the Attorney General, so as to provide for the inclusion of the Georgia Farmers' Market and Produce Terminal Development Authority as a state authority; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Stewart County; Board of Commissioners; revise provisions relating to purchases and bids. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating the Board of Commissioners of Stewart County, approved April 4, 1996 (Ga. L. 1996, p. 4028), as amended, particularly by an Act approved April 4, 1997 (Ga. L. 1997, p. 3845), so as to revise provisions relating to purchases and bids; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Education; course of study in financial literacy for students in tenth or eleventh grade; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Part 2 of Article 6 of Chapter 2 of Title 20 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to competencies and core curriculum relative to quality basic education, so as to provide for a course of study in financial literacy for students in tenth or eleventh grade; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Pickens County; board of elections and registration; reconstitute and reestablish. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to reconstitute and reestablish the board of elections and registration for Pickens County, Georgia; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Pickens County board of elections and registration; provide abolition of board on a date certain. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to create a board of elections and registration for Pickens County and provide for its powers and duties approved April 13, 2001 (Ga. L. 2001, p. 3598), as amended, so as to provide for abolition of the board on a date certain; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Troup County; board of elections and registration; provide new five member board. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to create a board of elections and registration for Troup County and to provide for its powers and duties, approved April 12, 2012 (Ga. L. 2012, p. 5409), so as to provide for a new five member board; to terminate the office of the current board members; to provide for appointment, qualifications, term, quorum, and meeting of board members; to revise provisions regarding the election supervisor; to provide for filling of vacancies; to provide for related matters; to provide effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jasper, City of; reincorporate and provide new charter. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to reincorporate and provide a new charter for the City of Jasper, Georgia; to provide for the corporate limits of the city, the powers of the city, and the form and method of government of the city; to provide for the administration of city affairs; to provide for the municipal court of the city; to provide for elections for city offices; to provide for taxation by the city; to provide for the financial management of the city; to provide for financial and fiscal affairs of the city; to provide for municipal services and regulatory functions; to provide general provisions; to provide for other matters relative thereto; to provide for specific repeal; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Harris, Megan; Loganville Christian Academy's 2019 STAR Student; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Megan Harris, Loganville Christian Academy's 2019 STAR Student; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Georgia Crime Information Center; persons who are victims of an offense of trafficking may petition the clerk of court to have sealed certain criminal history record information; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 2 of Chapter 3 of Title 35 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the Georgia Crime Information Center, so as to provide that persons who are victims of an offense of trafficking may petition the clerk of court to have sealed certain criminal history record information maintained by the clerk; to provide that restricted criminal history record information shall be available to criminal justice agencies; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Motor vehicles; operation of farm tractors on interstate highways; prohibit. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Part 1B of Article 13 of Chapter 6 of Title 40 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to operation of farm use vehicle, so as to prohibit operation of farm tractors on interstate highways; to provide for an exception; to provide for operation of farm tractors on state and local roadways; to provide for definitions; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Clayton County's annual Mayfest; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Clayton County's annual Mayfest; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Health care data collection; hospitals maintain certain technology; provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 12 of Chapter 7 of Title 31 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to health care data collection, so as to require hospitals to participate in a survey disclosing whether such hospitals maintain technology allowing the electronic sharing of certain patient information with other hospitals; to provide for definitions; to provide that the department shall collect the survey results and submit a report to the legislature; to provide for repeal; to require the use of certified electronic health technology by certain hospitals; to provide for rule and regulation; to provide for applicability; to provide for a short title; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bleckley County; probate judge; provide nonpartisan elections. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide that future elections for the office of probate judge of Bleckley County shall be nonpartisan elections; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bleckley County; Magistrate Court chief judge; provide nonpartisan elections. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide that future elections for the office of chief judge of the Magistrate Court of Bleckley County shall be nonpartisan elections; to provide for the sitting chief judge of the magistrate court to serve out his or her term of office; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bleckley County; Probate Court; charge technology fee. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to authorize the Probate Court of Bleckley County to charge a technology fee; to specify the uses to which said technology fee may be assigned; to provide for the termination of said technology fee and dedication of residual funds to technology uses; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Coolidge, City of; provide new charter. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide a new charter for the City of Coolidge; to provide for pending matters; to provide for definitions and construction; to provide for severability; to provide for related matters; to repeal a specific Act; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Newman, Marie-Emmanuela; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Marie-Emmanuela Newman; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: City of Hapeville Public Facilities Authority Act; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to create the City of Hapeville Public Facilities Authority; to provide for a short title; to provide for the appointment of members of the authority; to provide for the purpose and scope of operation; to provide for definitions; to confer powers upon the authority; to authorize the issuance of revenue bonds of the authority; to provide for interests and remedies to bondholders; to fix and provide the venue and jurisdiction of actions relating to any provisions of this Act; to provide for moneys received to be deemed trust funds; to provide for tort immunity; to provide for tax exemption; to provide for rates, charges, and revenues; to provide for effect on other governments; to provide for construction of the act and severability; to provide for related matters; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Waycross Judicial Circuit; Superior Court judges; increase salary supplement. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing that the governing authority of each county comprising the Waycross Judicial Circuit may supplement the compensation, salary, expenses, and allowances of each of the judges of the superior courts of the Waycross Judicial Circuit, approved March 20, 1985 (Ga. L. 1985, p. 3879), as amended, particularly by an Act approved May 8, 2018 (Ga. L. 2018, p. 3975), so as to increase the amounts of such supplements; to provide for related matters; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Sylvester, City of; ward residence requirements for city councilmembers; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to provide a new charter for the City of Sylvester, approved May 13, 2008 (Ga. L. 2008, p. 4219), so as to provide ward residence requirements for city councilmembers; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Civil Practice Act; revise and provide for new requirements. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 8 of Chapter 11 of Title 9 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to provisional and final remedies and special proceedings, so as to revise and provide for new requirements under the Georgia Civil Practice Act for settlement offers and arrangements for tort claims for personal injury, bodily injury, and death; to amend Chapter 7 of Title 33 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to kinds of insurance, limits of risks, and reinsurance, so as to revise the liability of an insurer upon refusal to pay an insured for any loss pursuant to uninsured motorist coverage under motor vehicle liability policies; to revise a penalty; to provide for related matters; to provide for applicability; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: American Massage Therapy Association - Georgia Chapter Day at the state capitol; February 19, 2019; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 19, 2019, as American Massage Therapy Association - Georgia Chapter Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cobb County; Board of Commissioners; change provisions of compensation of chairperson and members. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating the Board of Commissioners of Cobb County, approved June 19, 1964 (Ga. L. 1964, Ex. Sess., p. 2075), as amended, particularly by an Act approved May 2, 2017 (Ga. L. 2017, p. 3620), so as to change the provisions relating to the compensation of the chairperson and the other commissioners of the board; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Council on American Indian Concerns; revise membership. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 44-12-280 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to Council on American Indian Concerns created, membership, assignment for administrative purposes, terms of office, and removal for failure to attend meetings, so as to revise its membership; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Washington County; Board of Education; provide nonpartisan elections for members. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to reconstitute the Board of Education of Washington County, approved April 5, 1993 (Ga. L. 1993, p. 4652), as amended, so as to provide for nonpartisan elections for members of the board; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Whitfield County Public Facilities Authority Act; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to create and establish the Whitfield County Public Facilities Authority; to provide for severability; to provide for a short title; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Atlanta, City of; Independent School District ad valorem tax exemption; remove sunset date. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing a homestead exemption from City of Atlanta Independent School District ad valorem taxes for educational purposes in the amount of $15,000.00 of the assessed value of the homestead for residents of that school district, approved May 4, 1992 (Ga. L. 1992, p. 7003), as amended, particularly by an Act approved May 8, 2018 (Ga. L. 2018, p. 4167), so as to remove the sunset date for such exemption; to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to provide for a referendum, effective dates, and automatic repeal; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Insurance; guaranteed asset protection waiver; revise definition. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 33-63-3 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to definitions regarding guaranteed asset protection waivers, so as to revise the definition of a guaranteed asset protection waiver; to provide for an effective date and applicability; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Euharlee, City of; revise corporate limits. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to provide a new charter for the City of Euharlee, approved May 7, 2013 (Ga. L. 2013, p. 4472), so as to revise the corporate limits; to provide for related matters; to provide for a referendum and contingent effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Blue Ridge, City of; staggered terms of mayor and councilmembers; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to provide a new charter for the City of Blue Ridge in Fannin County, approved March 21, 1989 (Ga. L. 1989, p. 3823), as amended, so as to provide for staggered terms of the mayor and councilmembers; to revise provisions regarding the filling of vacancies on the governing authority; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Pendergrass, City of; add two new members to city council. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act incorporating the Town of Pendergrass, in the County of Jackson, approved December 30, 1890 (Ga. L. 1890-91, Vol. II, p. 681), as amended, particularly by an Act approved April 5, 1994 (Ga. L. 1994, p. 4755), so as to add two new members to the city council; to revise provisions governing quorums and overriding vetoes; to update reference to applicable state election law; to provide for initial and staggered terms of the new councilmembers; to provide for conflict of interest; to provide for holding of other offices; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Gainesville City School District; continue existence; provide powers of the board of education. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to continue the existence of the Gainesville City School District as an independent school system; to provide for powers of the board of education; to provide for number of members, districts, elections, qualifications of members, organization, and compensation of the board of education; to provide for the position of superintendent; to provide for related matters; to repeal and reserve provisions of a specific Act; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Fort Valley, City of; Utility Commission; add three appointed members. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing a new charter for the City of Fort Valley, approved August 22, 1907 (Ga. L. 1907, p. 651), as amended, particularly by an Act approved May 6, 2019 (Ga. L. 2019, 4170), so as to add three appointed members to the Utility Commission for the City of Fort Valley; to provide for the filling of vacancies on such commission; to remove provisions providing for agreements between the city and commission as to certain payments from the commission to the city; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Smyrna, City of; annexation of certain territory into the boundaries of the city; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating a new charter for the City of Smyrna, approved August 27, 1931 (Ga. L. 1931, p. 955), as amended, so as to provide for the annexation of certain territory into the boundaries of the city; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Chatham County Building and Facilities Authority Act; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to create and establish the Chatham County Building and Facilities Authority; to provide for severability; to provide for a short title; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Chatham County Legislative Gang Prevention and Intervention Commission; create. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to create the Chatham County Legislative Gang Prevention and Intervention Commission; to provide for membership; to provide for powers, duties, and objectives; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Psychiatric Advance Directive Act; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 37 of the O.C.G.A., relating to mental health, so as to provide for a psychiatric advance directive; to provide for a competent adult to express his or her mental health care treatment preferences and desires directly through instructions written in advance and indirectly through appointing an agent to make mental health care decisions on behalf of that person; to amend Titles 16, 29, 31, 37, and 49 of the O.C.G.A., relating to crimes and offenses, guardian and ward, health, mental health, and social services, respectively, so as to provide for interaction and relationship with advance directives for health care; to provide for application; to provide for statutory construction; to provide for conforming references and consistent terminology; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Coweta County Public Facilities Authority Act; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to create the Coweta County Public Facilities Authority; to provide for a short title; to provide for purpose and scope of operations of the authority; to provide for definitions; to provide for the appointment of members of the authority; to confer powers upon the authority; to authorize the issuance of revenue bonds of the authority; to fix and provide the venue and jurisdiction of actions relating to any provisions of this Act; to provide for moneys received and trust funds; to provide for tort immunity; to provide for tax exemption, rates, charges, and revenues; to provide for effect on other governments; to provide for construction of act and severability; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hoschton, City of; new governmental structure; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to provide for a new charter for the City of Hoschton, Georgia, approved April 24, 2013 (Ga. L. 2013, p. 3539), as amended, so as to provide for a new governmental structure; to provide for an effective date; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Guyton, City of; provide new charter. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide a new charter for the City of Guyton; to provide for severability; to provide for related matters; to repeal a specific Act incorporating the City of Guyton in the County of Effingham approved May 5, 2006 (Ga. L. 2006, p. 4230); to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Atlanta, City of; urban enterprise zones; provide for findings and purpose. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend the "Atlanta Urban Enterprise Zone Act," approved March 24, 1988 (Ga. L. 1988, p. 4164), as amended, so as to provide for findings and purpose of urban enterprise zones; to provide for definitions; to provide for types of ad valorem property tax exemptions; to provide criteria for designating urban enterprise zones; to provide for the amount of exemptions; to provide for time limitations; to provide for identification of exempt properties; to provide for annual reports; to reserve Sections 11 and 12 of said Act; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Thunderbolt, Town of; levy an excise tax. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to authorize the governing authority of the Town of Thunderbolt to levy an excise tax pursuant to subsection (b) of Code Section 48-13-51 of the O.C.G.A.; to provide procedures, conditions, and limitations; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lithonia, City of; change corporate limits. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to provide a new charter for the City of Lithonia in DeKalb County, Georgia, approved May 5, 2006 (Ga. L. 2006, p. 4586), so as to change the corporate limits of the city; to provide for related matters; to provide for a referendum; to provide for contingent effective dates and automatic repeal; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Fulton Technology and Energy Enhancement Authority; create. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to create the Fulton Technology and Energy Enhancement Authority; to provide a statement of legislative findings; to provide for effect on other governments; to provide for construction of this Act and severability; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Catoosa County; compensation of governing authority; revise provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating the office of commissioner of Catoosa County, approved February 12, 1943 (Ga. L. 1943, p. 858), as amended, particularly by an Act approved February 6, 1992 (Ga. L. 1992, p. 4501), so as to revise provisions regarding the compensation of the governing authority; to repeal provisions requiring the governing authority to maintain offices at the county courthouse; revise provisions relating to meetings of the governing authority; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Fort Oglethorpe, City of; Redevelopment Powers Law; provide for a referendum. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to authorize the City of Fort Oglethorpe to exercise all redevelopment and other powers under Article IX, Section II, Paragraph VII(b) of the Georgia Constitution and Chapter 44 of Title 36 of the O.C.G.A., the "Redevelopment Powers Law," as amended; to provide for a referendum; to provide for effective dates; to provide for automatic repeal under certain circumstances; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Catoosa County Public Facilities Authority Act; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to create the Catoosa County Public Facilities Authority; to provide for liberal construction; to provide for severability; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Catoosa County; Redevelopment Powers Law; provide for a referendum. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to authorize Catoosa County, Georgia, to exercise all redevelopment and other powers under Article IX, Section II, Paragraph VII(b) of the Georgia Constitution and Chapter 44 of Title 36 of the O.C.G.A., the "Redevelopment Powers Law," as amended; to provide for a referendum; to provide for effective dates; to provide for automatic repeal under certain circumstances; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lee County; Magistrate Court; law library fee; revise permitted uses of funds raised. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to authorize the Magistrate Court of Lee County to charge a law library fee, approved April 2, 1998 (Ga. L. 1998, p. 4135), as amended, so as to revise permitted uses of funds raised from such fee; to establish a Magistrate Court Law Library Fund Committee; to provide for members, terms, appointments, and duties of such committee; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Royston, City of; city council posts; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to provide a new charter for the City of Royston, approved April 13, 1992 (Ga. L. 1992, p. 5918), so as to provide for city council posts; to revise election procedures; to update references to applicable general law; to revise provisions regarding election by plurality; to repeal outdated and expired provisions; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Spalding County; board of elections; revise composition. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to provide a board of elections for Spalding County, approved March 19, 1987 (Ga. L. 1987, p. 4432), as amended, particularly by an Act approved June 3, 2003 (Ga. L. 2003, p. 4311), so as to revise the composition of the board; to provide for the termination of the term of the present fifth member; to provide for the appointment of a new fifth member; to provide for terms of office; to provide for the duties and requirements of the board; to provide for an elections supervisor and employees; to provide for qualifications and limitations on the election supervisor and employees; to provide for the county attorney to serve as legal adviser and represent the board; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Gilmer County; Magistrate Court; authorize assessment and collection of a technology fee. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to authorize the assessment and collection of a technology fee by the Magistrate Court of Gilmer County; to identify the authorized uses of said technology fee; to provide for the maintenance of said technology fee funds; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Austell, City of; annexation of certain territory into the boundaries; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing a new charter for the City of Austell, approved March 28, 1986 (Ga. L. 1986, p. 4902), as amended, so as to provide for the annexation of certain territory into the boundaries of the city; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Taylor County; board of education; modify compensation of members. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to change the number of members of the board of education of Taylor County, approved April 17, 1975 (Ga. L. 1975, p. 3486), as amended, particularly by an Act approved March 30, 1989 (Ga. L. 1989, p. 4396), so as to modify the compensation of the members of the board; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: DeKalb County; State Court; provide definitions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating the State Court of DeKalb County, formerly known as the Civil and Criminal Court of DeKalb County, approved February 14, 1951 (Ga. L. 1951, p. 2401), as amended, particularly by an Act approved March 13, 1957 (Ga. L. 1957, p. 3322), an Act approved February 18, 1960 (Ga. L. 1960, p. 2166), an Act approved March 3, 2015 (Ga. L. 2015, p. 3501), and an Act approved April 28, 2016 (Ga. L. 2016, p. 3950), so as to provide definitions; to provide that the court shall be governed by general law related to state courts; to provide effective dates; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ringgold, City of; Redevelopment Powers Law; provide for a referendum. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to authorize the City of Ringgold, Georgia, to exercise all redevelopment and other powers under Article IX, Section II, Paragraph VII(b) of the Georgia Constitution and Chapter 44 of Title 36 of the O.C.G.A., the "Redevelopment Powers Law," as amended; to provide for a referendum; to provide for effective dates; to provide for automatic repeal under certain circumstances; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Retirement and pensions; membership of full-time judges of the state-wide business court in the retirement plan established for appellate court judges; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 47 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to retirement and pensions, so as to provide for membership of full-time judges of the state-wide business court in the retirement plan established for appellate court judges; to provide for transfers of membership to such plan from the Judicial Retirement System; to sunset the participation of such judges in the Judicial Retirement System; to provide for related matters; to provide conditions for an effective date and automatic repeal; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Chatham County; Chatham Area Transit Authority; abolish current authority memberships. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating the Chatham Area Transit Authority, approved March 28, 1986 (Ga. L. 1986, p. 5082), as amended, particularly by an Act approved April 11, 2012 (Ga. L. 2012, p. 5296), so as to abolish the current authority memberships; to provide for new board membership and staggered terms; to provide for related matters; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: City of Chickamauga Public Facilities Authority Act; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to create the City of Chickamauga Public Facilities Authority; to provide for severability; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Powder Springs, City of; update boundaries. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating a new charter for the City of Powder Springs, approved March 13, 1970 (Ga. L. 1970, p. 2760), as amended, particularly by an Act approved May 4, 2017 (Ga. L. 2017, p. 3969), so as to update the boundaries of the city; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Wayne County Altamaha River and Leisure Services Authority Act; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to create and establish the Wayne County Altamaha River and Leisure Services Authority; to provide for severability; to provide for a short title; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Wayne County Public Facilities Authority Act; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to create and establish the Wayne County Public Facilities Authority; to provide for severability; to provide for a short title; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Richmond County; Board of Education; modify compensation of members. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act regulating public instruction for the County of Richmond, approved August 23, 1872 (Ga. L. 1872, p. 456), as amended, particularly by an Act approved April 16, 1999 (Ga. L. 1999, p. 4322), so as to modify the compensation of the members of the County Board of Education of Richmond County, Georgia; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date and applicability; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Glascock County; Probate Court Judge; repeal Act providing for a supplement to compensation; provide for an applicability date. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to repeal an Act providing for a supplement to the compensation of the Judge of the Probate Court of Glascock County, approved March 28, 1974 (Ga. L. 1974, p. 3567), as amended; to provide for an applicability date; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Clarke County; Classic Center Authority; change certain provisions relative to the purpose and powers. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating the Classic Center Authority for Clarke County, approved March 10, 1988 (Ga. L. 1988, p. 3799), as amended, particularly by an Act approved May 2, 2002 (Ga. L. 2002, p. 5665), so as to change certain provisions relative to the purpose and powers of the authority; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Clarke County; ad valorem tax; increase existing general and senior homestead exemptions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to grant to residents of Clarke County and the Clarke County School District, upon their homesteads, an exemption of $10,000.00 from certain ad valorem taxes levied by the Unified Government of Athens-Clarke County, Georgia, and levied by, for, or on behalf of the Clarke County School District, approved April 13, 1992 (Ga. L. 1992, p. 6241), as amended, so as to increase the existing general and senior homestead exemptions and create a low-income base year assessed value homestead exemption from certain ad valorem taxes levied by the Unified Government of Athens-Clarke County for unified government purposes; to provide for applicability; to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Clarkston Development Authority Act; repeal. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to repeal an Act to create the Clarkston Development Authority, approved May 3, 2017 (Ga. L. 2017, p. 3837); to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ben Hill County; Probate Court; authorize assessment and collection of a technology fee. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to authorize the assessment and collection of a technology fee by the Probate Court of Ben Hill County; to identify the authorized uses of such technology fee; to provide for the termination of such technology fee and dedication of residual funds to technology uses; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Stephens County; board of elections and registration; reconstitute and reestablish. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to reconstitute and reestablish the board of registrations and elections for Stephens County, Georgia; to provide for the powers and duties of the board; to provide for the appointment, resignation, and removal of its members; to provide for meetings and special meetings of the board; to provide an administrative office for elections and registrations; to staff such office with an elections supervisor, clerical assistants, and other employees; to provide compensation for administrative personnel and members of the board; to provide definitions; to provide for related matters; to provide a contingent effective date and automatic repeal; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Stephens County; Board of Registration and Elections; provide abolition of board on a date certain. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to provide for a Stephens County Board of Registrations and Elections, approved March 30, 1993 (Ga. L. 1993, p. 4205), as amended, so as to provide for abolition of the board on a date certain; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Fannin County; Magistrate Court; authorize assessment and collection of a technology fee. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to authorize the assessment and collection of a technology fee by the Magistrate Court of Fannin County; to identify the authorized uses of said technology fee; to provide for the maintenance of said technology fee funds; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hull, City of; provide new charter. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide a new charter for the City of Hull; to provide for incorporation, boundaries, and powers of the city; to provide for pending matters; to provide for definitions and construction; to provide for severability; to provide for related matters; to repeal a specific Act; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Legislative Retirement System; retirement allowance; increase. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 6 of Title 47 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the Georgia Legislative Retirement System, so as to increase the retirement allowance; to provide for related matters; to provide conditions for an effective date and automatic repeal; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lost Mountain, City of; incorporate. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to incorporate the City of Lost Mountain; to provide a charter; to provide for definitions and construction; to provide for other matters relative to the foregoing; to provide for a referendum; to provide effective dates and transitional provisions governing the transfer of various functions and responsibilities from Cobb County to the City of Lost Mountain; to provide for severability; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Courts; limiting sheriffs to one additional salary for serving as the sheriff of multiple courts; repeal provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 1 of Chapter 16 of Title 15 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to general provisions regarding sheriffs, so as to repeal provisions limiting sheriffs to one additional salary for serving as the sheriff of multiple courts; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Atlanta, City of; change corporate limits. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to provide a new charter for the City of Atlanta, approved April 15, 1996 (Ga. L. 1996, p. 4469), as amended, so as to change the corporate limits of such municipality; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Mableton, City of; incorporate. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to incorporate the City of Mableton; to provide a charter for the City of Mableton; to provide for definitions and construction; to provide for other matters relative to the foregoing; to provide for a referendum; to provide effective dates; to provide for transition of powers and duties; to provide for community improvement districts; to provide for directory nature of dates; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Vinings, City of; incorporate. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to incorporate the City of Vinings; to provide a charter; to provide for penalties; to provide for definitions and construction; to provide for other matters relative to the foregoing; to provide for a referendum; to provide effective dates and transitional provisions governing the transfer of various functions and responsibilities from Cobb County to the City of Vinings; to provide for severability; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: East Cobb, City of; incorporate. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to incorporate the City of East Cobb; to provide a charter; to provide for prior ordinances and rules, pending matters, and existing personnel; to provide for penalties; to provide for definitions and construction; to provide for other matters relative to the foregoing; to provide for a referendum; to provide effective dates and transitional provisions governing the transfer of various functions and responsibilities from Cobb County to the City of East Cobb; to provide for severability; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Conservation and natural resources; extend date for hazardous waste fees. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Part 2 of Article 3 of Chapter 8 of Title 12 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to hazardous site response, so as to extend the sunset date for certain hazardous waste fees; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Domestic relations; add human resources personnel and supervisory personnel in a workplace that employs minors as mandatory reporters for child abuse. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 19-7-5 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to reporting of child abuse, so as to add human resources personnel and supervisory personnel in a workplace that employs minors as mandatory reporters for child abuse; to require the provision of training for such human resources personnel and supervisory personnel; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Truth in Prescription Pricing for Patients Act; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 64 of Title 33 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to regulation and licensure of pharmacy benefits managers, so as to revise the definition of "rebate"; to require pharmacy benefits managers to disclose the true net cost and final net cost, if applicable, of prescription drugs to insureds; to require pharmacy benefits managers to calculate cost sharing requirements for insureds based on the true net cost of prescription drugs; to provide for remittance of difference in cost sharing payments by insureds based on final net cost; to provide for definitions; to provide for related matters; to provide for a short title; to provide for an effective date and applicability; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bulloch County; Board of Commissioners; revise districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating the Board of Commissioners of Bulloch County, approved August 11, 1924 (Ga. L. 1924, p. 290), as amended, particularly by an Act approved September 21, 2011 (Ga. L. 2011 Ex. Sess., p. 453), so as to revise the districts for the election of members of the board of commissioners; to provide for a definition and inclusions; to provide for the continuation in office of the current members; to provide for related matters; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bulloch County; Board of Education; provide new district boundaries. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing for the reconstitution of the Board of Education of Bulloch County, approved April 9, 1993 (Ga. L. 1993, p. 5100), as amended, particularly by an Act approved September 21, 2011 (Ga. L. 2011 Ex. Sess., p. 462), so as to provide new district boundaries; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for the continuation in office of the current members; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Gwinnett County; Board of Education; revise district boundaries. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act relating to education districts for the election of members of the Board of Education of Gwinnett County, approved April 7, 1972 (Ga. L. 1972, p. 4058), as amended, particularly by an Act approved September 21, 2011 (Ga. L. 2011 Ex. Sess., p. 402), so as to revise the education district boundaries; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for the continuation in office of current members; to provide for effective dates; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Gwinnett County; Board of Commissioners; revise district boundaries. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating the board of commissioners of Gwinnett County, approved January 31, 1968 (Ga. L. 1968, p. 2003), as amended, particularly by an Act approved April 1, 1994 (Ga. L. 1994, p. 4497), and by an Act approved September 21, 2011 (Ga. L. 2011 Ex. Sess., p. 296), so as to revise the commissioner district boundaries; to define certain terms; to repeal a superseded description of commissioner districts; to provide for continuation in office; to provide effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Heard County; Board of Education; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing for election of members of the Board of Education of Heard County, approved March 28, 1985 (Ga. L. 1985, p. 5078), as amended, particularly by an Act approved April 25, 2002 (Ga. L. 2002, p. 4296), so as to change the description of the education districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Woodside, Milton H. "Woody"; retirement; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Milton H. "Woody" Woodside upon the grand occasion of his retirement; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Barrow County; Board of Education; change composition of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing authority for members of the Board of Education of Barrow County, approved April 10, 1971 (Ga. L. 1971, p. 3919), as amended, particularly by an Act approved September 7, 2011 (Ga. L. 2011 Ex. Sess., p. 272), so as to change the composition of the election districts from which the members of the Board of Education of Barrow County are elected; to define certain terms; to provide for continuation in office of persons serving as members of the board on a certain date; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Barrow County; Board of Commissioners; change composition of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act re-creating and establishing a Board of Commissioners of Barrow County, approved April 2, 1976 (Ga. L. 1976, p. 4033), as amended, particularly by an Act approved September 7, 2011 (Ga. L. 2011 Ex. Sess., p. 265), so as to change the composition of the election districts from which the members of the Board of Commissioners of Barrow County are elected; to define certain terms; to provide for continuation in office of persons serving as members of the board on a certain date; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Clayton County; State Court; provide salary of solicitor-general. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating the State Court of Clayton County, approved January 28, 1964 (Ga. L. 1964, p. 2032), as amended, so as to provide for the salary of the solicitor-general of the state court; to provide for supplements; to provide a salary cap; to provide that the solicitor-general of said court may employ such assistant solicitors-general, deputy solicitors-general, or other attorneys, investigators, paraprofessionals, clerical assistants, or other employees or independent contractors as may be authorized by the Board of Commissioners of Clayton County; to provide for compensation; to provide for qualifications; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Clayton County; civil service system; exclude additional employee positions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act establishing a civil service system for the employees of Clayton County, approved March 29, 1994 (Ga. L. 1994, p. 4399), as amended, so as to exclude additional employee positions from such civil service system; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Troup County; Board of Education; provide new district boundaries. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing for the reconstitution of the Board of Education of Troup County, approved January 22, 1986 (Ga. L. 1986, p. 3515), as amended, particularly by an Act approved February 15, 2012 (Ga. L. 2012, p. 3528), so as to provide new district boundaries; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Walton County; Board of Commissioners; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating a Board of Commissioners of Walton County, approved August 1, 1929 (Ga. L. 1929, p. 747), as amended, particularly by an Act approved March 5, 2012 (Ga. L. 2012, p. 3920), so as to change the description of the commissioner districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for qualifications of members; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for election and terms of office of subsequent members; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Walton County; Board of Education; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing for districts for the election of the Board of Education of Walton County, approved April 4, 1968 (Ga. L. 1968, p. 2974), as amended, particularly by an Act approved March 5, 2012 (Ga. L. 2012, p. 3928), so as to change the description of the education districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Rossville, City of; levy an excise tax. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to authorize the governing authority of the City of Rossville to levy an excise tax pursuant to subsection (b) of Code Section 48-13-51 of the O.C.G.A.; to provide procedures, conditions, and limitations; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Professions and businesses; expedited licenses for military spouses; provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 1 of Title 43 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to general provisions of professions and businesses, so as to change certain provisions relating to expedited license by endorsement for military spouses; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Kidd, Maggie Katie Brown; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Maggie Katie Brown Kidd; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hall County; Board of Education; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing for districts for the election of the Board of Education of Hall County, approved March 29, 1983 (Ga. L. 1983, p. 4553), as amended, particularly by an Act approved April 25, 2002 (Ga. L. 2002, p. 4915) and by an Act approved March 1, 2012 (Ga. L. 2012, p. 3894), so as to change the description of the education districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for the continuation in office of current members; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Athens-Clarke County; commission members; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing for the unification of the existing governments of the City of Athens and Clarke County and providing a charter for the unified government of Athens-Clarke County, approved March 2, 1990 (Ga. L. 1990, p. 3560), as amended, particularly by an Act approved March 20, 2012 (Ga. L. 2012, p. 4441), so as to change the composition and description of the districts from which the members of the Commission of Athens-Clarke County are elected; to revise the manner of redistricting; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office for current members; to provide for effective dates; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Banking and finance; financial institutions; provide for numerous updates. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 1 of Title 7 of the O.C.G.A., relating to financial institutions, so as to provide for numerous updates; to amend Chapter 3 of Title 7 of the O.C.G.A., relating to installment loans, so as to include servicing of installment loans to the activity regulated under the chapter; to exempt from regulation certain government entities and certain retail and credit transactions; to change the per loan fee structure for such loans; to clarify that the department may issue cease and desist orders to persons that are not licensed; to amend Chapter 6A of Title 7 of the O.C.G.A., relating to the "Georgia Fair Lending Act," so as to update a citation to a federal regulation; to make conforming changes; to provide for definitions; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Criminal procedure; restrictions of the disclosure of personal information of nonsworn employees; provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 16 of Title 17 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to discovery in criminal procedure, so as to provide for restrictions of the disclosure of certain personally identifiable information of nonsworn employees of a law enforcement agency who are witnesses in felony and misdemeanor criminal cases; to amend Chapter 5 of Title 24 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to privileges concerning evidence, to provide that a nonsworn employee of law enforcement agencies testifying in his or her official capacity in any criminal proceeding shall not be compelled to reveal his or her home address; to provide for related matters; to provide for contingent effectiveness; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Revenue and taxation; update population bracket and census date for a certain property tax exemption for certain leased property. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 48-5-40 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to definitions for property tax exemptions, so as to update the population bracket and census date for a certain property tax exemption for certain leased property; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bryan County; Board of Education; provide compensation of members. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing for the election of the members of the Board of Education of Bryan County, approved March 16, 1978 (Ga. L. 1978, p. 3774), as amended, so as to provide for compensation of members of the board; to provide for related matters; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Contracts; legal effects of the discontinuance of LIBOR; provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 13 of the O.C.G.A., relating to contracts, so as to provide for the legal effects of the discontinuance of LIBOR on contracts, securities, or instruments; to provide for the circumstances under which the recommended benchmark replacement shall be used and whether it is optional or mandatory; to provide that the use of such replacement does not amend or modify a contract, security, or instrument or change any person's rights or obligations; to prohibit parties from refusing to perform contractual obligations or declaring a breach of contract as a result of the discontinuance of LIBOR or the use of a replacement; to establish that the replacement is a commercially reasonable substitute for and a commercially substantial equivalent to LIBOR; to provide for a safe harbor from litigation for the use of the recommended benchmark replacement; to provide for definitions; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Elections; dates for special elections; question related to sales and use taxes for transportation; revise provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 21-2-540 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to conduct of special primaries and special elections generally, so as to revise provisions relating to dates for special elections to present a question related to sales and use taxes for transportation, mass transportation, or transit special districts to the voters in even-numbered years; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Troup County; Board of Commissioners; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating the Board of Commissioners of Troup County, approved March 25, 1958 (Ga. L. 1958, p. 3068), as amended, particularly by an Act approved February 15, 2012 (Ga. L. 2012, p. 3520), so as to change the description of the commissioner districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for related matters; to provide effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Supplemental appropriations; State Fiscal Year July 1, 2021 - June 30, 2022. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act making and providing appropriations for the State Fiscal Year beginning July 1, 2021, and ending June 30, 2022, known as the "General Appropriations Act," Act No. 305, approved May 10, 2021 (Ga. L. 2021, Volume One, Appendix, commencing at page 1 of 209), to make, provide, and change certain appropriations for the operation of the state government and its departments, boards, bureaus, commissions, institutions, and other agencies, for the university system, common schools, counties, municipalities, and political subdivisions, for all other governmental activities, projects, and undertakings authorized by law, and for all leases, contracts, agreements, and grants authorized by law; to provide for the control and administration of funds; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: General appropriations; State Fiscal Year July 1, 2022 - June 30, 2023. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to make and provide appropriations for the State Fiscal Year beginning July 1, 2022, and ending June 30, 2023; to make and provide such appropriations for the operation of the state government and its departments, boards, bureaus, commissions, institutions, and other agencies, for the university system, common schools, counties, municipalities, and political subdivisions, for all other governmental activities, projects, and undertakings authorized by law, and for all leases, contracts, agreements, and grants authorized by law; to provide for the control and administration of funds; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Superior and State Court Appellate Practice Act; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 5 of the O.C.G.A., relating to appeal and error, so as to provide for a unified procedure for appealing decisions of a lower judicatory to a superior or state court; to repeal and reserve Chapter 4 of said title, relating to certiorari to superior court; to amend various titles of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, so as to provide for conforming changes; to correct cross-references and remove obsolete or improper references; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date and applicability; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Rare Disease Advisory Council; provide establishment. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 31 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to health, so as to provide for the establishment of the Georgia Rare Disease Advisory Council; to provide for legislative findings; to provide for membership; to provide for the duties and powers of the advisory council; to provide for an annual report; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Douglas County; Board of Commissioners; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating the Board of Commissioners of Douglas County, approved February 15, 1952 (Ga. L. 1952, p. 2703), as amended, particularly by an Act approved February 27, 2012 (Ga. L. 2012, p. 3725), so as to change the description of the commissioner districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Douglas County; Board of Education; provide new district boundaries. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating the Douglas County Board of Education, approved April 13, 1982 (Ga. L. 1982, p. 4786), as amended, so as to provide new district boundaries; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Local government; development authorities; cap per diem allowance available to directors. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 36-62-5 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to directors, officers, compensation, adoption of bylaws, delegation of powers and duties, conflicts of interest, and audits of development authorities, so as to cap the per diem allowance available to directors of certain development authorities; to provide enforcement procedures for ethics code violations of authority members; to provide an effective date; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Ad valorem tax; contents of certificates of title of motor vehicles; revise. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 40-3-24 and Chapter 5C of Title 48 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to contents of certificates of title, certificates as evidence, and certificates not subject to garnishment or other process and the alternative ad valorem tax on motor vehicles, respectively, so as to revise the contents of certificates of title of motor vehicles; to provide for an exemption from state and local title ad valorem tax fees charged on private passenger motor vehicles purchased or leased by individuals with certain disabilities or their immediate family members; to provide for the recapture of tax savings in certain cases; to provide for penalties; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date and applicability; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Sales and use tax; special district mass transportation; local government; provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Part 1 of Article 5A of Chapter 8 of Title 48 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the special district mass transportation sales and use tax, so as to provide for the maximum amount and time frame for the collection of such tax when an intergovernmental agreement has been entered into between a county and municipality; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date and applicability; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Catoosa County; office of commissioner; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating the office of commissioner of Catoosa County, approved February 23, 1943 (Ga. L. 1943, p. 858), as amended, particularly by an Act approved April 4, 2012 (Ga. L. 2012, p. 4680), so as to change the description of the commissioner districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for the continuation in office of current members; to provide for effective dates; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Catoosa County; Board of Education; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to reconstitute the Board of Education of Catoosa County, Georgia, approved March 30, 1993 (Ga. L. 1993, p. 4258), as amended, particularly by an Act approved April 4, 2012 (Ga. L. 2012, p. 4676), so as to change the description of the education districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for the continuation in office of current members; to provide for effective dates; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Medicaid; coverage for annual mammograms at no cost to recipient; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 7 of Chapter 4 of Title 49 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to medical assistance generally, so as to provide for Medicaid coverage for annual mammograms at no cost to the recipient; to provide for submission of a state plan amendment or waiver, if necessary; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dawson County; Board of Commissioners; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating the Board of Commissioners of Dawson County, approved March 27, 1995 (Ga. L. 1995, p. 3689), as amended, particularly by an Act approved September 21, 2011 (Ga. L. 2011 Ex. Sess., p. 326), so as to change the description of the commissioner districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dawson County; Board of Education; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing for an elected Board of Education of Dawson County, approved March 23, 1977 (Ga. L. 1977, p. 3529), as amended, particularly by an Act approved September 21, 2011 (Ga. L. 2011 Ex. Sess., p. 322), so as to change the description of the education districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jasper County; Board of Commissioners; revise districts of members. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating the board of commissioners of Jasper County, approved July 23, 1923 (Ga. L. 1923, p. 255), as amended, particularly by an Act approved February 15, 2012 (Ga. L. 2012, p. 3573), so as to revise the districts for the election of members of the board of commissioners; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for the continuation in office of current members; to provide for related matters; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Butts County; Board of Commissioners; revise districts of members. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating the Board of Commissioners of Butts County, approved February 24, 1941 (Ga. L. 1941, p. 793), as amended, particularly by an Act approved September 21, 2011 (Ga. L. 2011 Ex. Sess., p. 380), so as to revise the districts for the election of members of the board of commissioners; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Butts County; Board of Education; revise districts of members. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing for the election of the members of the Board of Education of Butts County, approved March 30, 1987 (Ga. L. 1987, p. 4919), as amended, particularly by an Act approved September 21, 2011 (Ga. L. 2011 Ex. Sess., p. 386), so as to revise the districts for the election of members of the board of education; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jasper County; Board of Education; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act reconstituting the Board of Education of Jasper County, approved April 5, 1993 (Ga. L. 1993, p. 4622), as amended, particularly by an Act approved February 12, 2012 (Ga. L. 2012, p. 3579), so as to change the description of the education districts for the board of education; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for the continuation in office of current board members; to provide for related matters; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Wilkes County; Board of Education; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing for the election of members of the Board of Education of Wilkes County, approved March 18, 1986 (Ga. L. 1986, p. 4091), as amended, particularly by an Act approved September 21, 2011 (Ga. L. 2011 Ex. Sess., p. 432), so as to change the description of the education districts; to provide for continuation in office of certain current board members; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Oglethorpe County; Board of Commissioners; revise districts of members. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating a Board of Commissioners of Oglethorpe County, approved February 13, 1986 (Ga. L. 1986, p. 3586), as amended, particularly by an Act approved September 21, 2011 (Ga. L. 2011 Ex. Sess., p. 423), so as to revise the districts for the election of members of the board of commissioners; to provide for a definition and inclusions; to provide for the continuation in office of the current members; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Oglethorpe County; Board of Education; provide new district boundaries. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing for the election of members of the Board of Education of Oglethorpe County, approved March 31, 1967 (Ga. L. 1967, p. 2370), as amended, particularly by an Act approved September 21, 2011 (Ga. L. 2011 Ex. Sess., p. 427), so as to provide new district boundaries; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for the continuation in office of the current board members; to provide for election and terms of office of subsequent members; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Elbert County; Board of Commissioners; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing for a board of commissioners of Elbert County, approved February 27, 1875 (Ga. L. 1875, p. 253), as amended, particularly by an Act approved February 13, 1986 (Ga. L. 1986, p. 3598), so as to change the description of the commissioner districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for related matters; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Elbert County; Board of Education; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act reconstituting and recreating the Board of Education of Elbert County, approved February 13, 1986 (Ga. L. 1986, p. 3578), as amended, so as to change the description of the education districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for election and terms of office of subsequent members; to provide for related matters; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lincoln County; Board of Commissioners; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating the Board of Commissioners of Lincoln County, approved February 25, 1949 (Ga. L. 1949, p. 1228), as amended, particularly by an Act approved April 5, 2002 (Ga. L. 2002, p. 4909) and by an Act approved March 27, 2012 (Ga. L. 2012, p. 4561), so as to change the description of the commissioner districts; to define certain terms and provide for certain inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for related matters; to provide effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lincoln County; Board of Education; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing for the election of members of the Board of Education of Lincoln County, approved March 10, 1986 (Ga. L. 1986, p. 3661), as amended, particularly by an Act approved May 13, 2002 (Ga. L. 2002, p. 5766) and by an Act approved March 27, 2012 (Ga. L. 2012, p. 4565), so as to change the description of the education districts; to define certain terms and provide for certain inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for related matters; to provide effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Crisp County; Board of Commissioners; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating the Board of Commissioners of Crisp County, approved August 6, 1908 (Ga. L. 1908, p. 295), as amended, particularly by an Act approved April 24, 2013 (Ga. L. 2013, p. 3580), so as to change the descriptions of commissioner districts and posts for the election of members of the board of commissioners; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Crisp County; Board of Education; reconstitute. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to reconstitute the Board of Education of Crisp County; to provide for legislative purpose; to provide for the composition and election of said board; to provide for election districts; to provide for terms of office; to provide for qualifications for office; to abolish the current Board of Education of Crisp County on a date certain and shorten the terms of office of certain members of such board; to provide for a referendum; to provide for effective dates; to repeal a local constitutional amendment proposed by a certain resolution act; to repeal a specific act; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Candler County; Board of Education; revise districts of members. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to reconstitute the Board of Education of Candler County, approved January 15, 1993 (Ga. L. 1993, p. 3529), as amended, particularly by an Act approved February 15, 2012 (Ga. L. 2012, p. 3591), so as to revise the districts for the election of members of the board of education; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for qualifications and manner of election; to provide for related matters; to provide effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Candler County; Board of Commissioners; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating a Board of Commissioners of Candler County, approved March 23, 1933 (Ga. L. 1933, p. 430), as amended, particularly by an Act approved February 15, 2012 (Ga. L. 2012, p. 3585), so as to change the description of the commissioner districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Harris County; Board of Commissioners; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act relating to the Board of Commissioners of Harris County, approved March 17, 1869 (Ga. L. 1869, p. 170), as amended, particularly by an Act approved February 27, 2012 (Ga. L. 2012, p. 3677), so as to change the description of the commissioner districts; to provide definitions and inclusions; to provide for the continuation in office of current members; to provide for related matters; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Office of the Inspector General; establish. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 12 of Title 45 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the Governor, so as to establish the Office of the Inspector General; to provide for definitions; to provide for duties; to provide certain powers; to provide procedures for the application of the duties and powers of such office; to provide a duty to report certain actions; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Torts; authorize apportionment of damages in single-defendant lawsuits; provide for evidence of fault of nonparties. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 51-12-33 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to reduction and apportionment of award or bar of recovery according to percentage of fault of parties and nonparties, so as to authorize apportionment of damages in single-defendant lawsuits; to provide for evidence of fault of nonparties; to provide for related matters; to provide for applicability; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Controlled substances; Schedule I and IV; change certain provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 13 of Title 16 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to controlled substances, so as to change certain provisions relating to Schedule I controlled substances and Schedule IV controlled substances; to change certain provisions relating to the definition of dangerous drugs; to provide an effective date; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Insurance; update regulation of company holding systems. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 13 of Title 33 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to insurance holding company systems, so as to update the regulation of insurance company holding systems per direction from the National Association of Insurance Commissioners; to provide for definitions; to provide guidelines for group capital calculation in insurance company holding systems; to provide guidelines for liquidity stress test framework in insurance company holding systems; to provide standards governing transactions within an insurance holding company system when an insurer is deemed to be in a hazardous financial condition; to provide protections for an affiliate in an insurance holding company system when a domestic insurer is subject to certain proceedings; to provide clarifications on confidentiality and to extend confidentiality protections to third-party consultants designated by the Commissioner; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Professional counselors; licensing requirements; change certain definitions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 1 of Chapter 10A of Title 43 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to licensing provisions regarding professional counselors, social workers, and marriage and family therapists, so as to change certain definitions; to provide for an additional member to the Georgia Composite Board of Professional Counselors, Social Workers, and Marriage and Family Therapists; to change the licensing requirement and exceptions; to change the eligibility for licensure requirements; to remove the ability of the board to issue a license without examination; to change the requirement for licensure in professional counseling; to eliminate certain continuing education requirements; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Property; deeds; require electronic filing. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 2 of Title 44 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to recordation and registration of deeds and other instruments, so as to require electronic filing; to provide for the effect of a missing or incorrect tax parcel identification number on a recorded instrument; to amend Chapter 14 of Title 44, relating to mortgages, conveyances to secure debt, and liens, so as to require certain information on the first page of security deeds; to provide for an effective date; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Early County; Board of Education; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act reconstituting the Board of Education of Early County, approved February 10, 1993 (Ga. L. 1993, p. 3674), as amended, so as to change the descriptions of the education districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of the current members; to provide effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cornelia, City of; Redevelopment Powers Law; provide for a referendum. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to authorize the City of Cornelia, Georgia, to exercise all redevelopment and other powers under Article IX, Section II, Paragraph VII(b) of the Georgia Constitution and Chapter 44 of Title 36 of the O.C.G.A., the "Redevelopment Powers Law," as amended; to provide for a referendum; to provide for effective dates; to provide for automatic repeal under certain circumstances; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Calhoun County; Board of Education; provide new district boundaries. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act entitled "An Act to provide education districts for the Calhoun County Board of Education," approved April 13, 1992 (Ga. L. 1992, p. 6119), as amended, particularly by an Act approved February 27, 2012 (Ga. L. 2012, p. 3619), so as to provide new education district boundaries; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of the current members; to provide for related matters; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Mitchell County; Board of Commissioners; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing for a Board of Commissioners of Mitchell County, approved February 20, 1873 (Ga. L. 1873, p. 279), as amended, particularly by an Act approved March 13, 2012 (Ga. L. 2012, p. 4405), so as to change the description of the commissioner districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for the continuation in office of current members; to provide for related matters; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Liberty County; Board of Commissioners; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating the Board of Commissioners of Liberty County, approved March 12, 1935 (Ga. L. 1935, p. 717), as amended, particularly by an Act approved March 13, 2012 (Ga. L. 2012, p. 4228), so as to change the description of the commissioner districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Carroll County; Board of Education; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act relating to the board of education and school superintendent of the Carroll County School District, approved March 20, 1985 (Ga. L. 1985, p. 3945), as amended, particularly by an Act approved February 27, 2012 (Ga. L. 2012, p. 3780), so as to change the description of the education districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office; to provide for related matters; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Meriwether County; Board of Education; revise per diem allowance of members. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act reconstituting the Meriwether County Board of Education, approved March 28, 1985 (Ga. L. 1985, p. 4611), as amended, particularly by an Act approved April 9, 1999 (Ga. L. 1999, p. 3753), so as to revise the per diem allowance of board members; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Davis, Bettye; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Bettye Davis; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Paulding County; ad valorem tax; provide homestead exemption. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide a homestead exemption from Paulding County ad valorem taxes for county purposes in the amount of $4,000.00 of the assessed value of the homestead for residents of that county for tax year 2023 and $8,000.00 for tax years beginning on or after January 1, 2024; to provide for definitions; to specify the terms and conditions of the exemption and the procedures relating thereto; to provide for applicability; to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to provide for a referendum, effective dates, and automatic repeal; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Haralson County; Board of Education; provide for compensation. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to provide for the election of the members of the Board of Education of Haralson County, approved April 12, 1982 (Ga. L. 1982, p. 4523), as amended, so as to provide for the compensation of said board; to provide an effective date; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Baldwin County; Board of Commissioners; reconstitute and change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating the Board of Commissioners of Baldwin County, approved December 26, 1888 (Ga. L. 1888, p. 286), as amended, particularly by an Act approved March 1, 2012 (Ga. L. 2012, p. 3884), so as to reconstitute the board of commissioners; to change the description of the commissioner districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Fulton County; Board of Education; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing for the number of members and for the election of members of the Board of Education of Fulton County, approved February 10, 1984 (Ga. L. 1984, p. 3591), as amended, particularly by an Act approved March 27, 1992 (Ga. L. 1992, p. 5078) and by an Act approved March 27, 2012 (Ga. L. 2012, p. 4512), so as to change the description of the education districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for the continuation in office of current members; to provide for related matters; to provide effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ad valorem tax; timber equipment and timber products held by timber producers; provide exemption. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Part 1 of Article 2 of Chapter 5 of Title 48 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to property tax exemptions, so as to provide for a state-wide exemption from all ad valorem taxes for timber equipment and timber products held by timber producers; to provide for a referendum; to provide for effective dates, applicability, and automatic repeal; to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Education; unified campus police forces through agreements entered into by colleges and universities; provide for establishment. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 20 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to education, so as to provide for the establishment of unified campus police forces through agreements entered into by colleges and universities; to provide for definitions; to provide for arrest powers; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Crawford County; Board of Education; reconstitute and change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act relating to the Board of Education of Crawford County, approved March 19, 1993 (Ga. L. 1993, p. 4136), as amended, particularly by an Act approved March 10, 2012 (Ga. L. 2012, p. 4464), so as to reconstitute the board of education; to change the description of the education districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for election and terms of office of subsequent members; to provide for automatic repeal under certain circumstances; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Crawford County; Board of Commissioners; revise member districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating the Board of Commissioners of Crawford County, approved March 2, 1874 (Ga. L. 1874, p. 339), as amended, particularly by an Act approved March 5, 2012 (Ga. L. 2012, p. 4012), so as to revise districts for the election of members of the board of commissioners; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for election and terms of office of subsequent members; to provide for related matters; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: 2018 Atlanta Braves; team's award-winning players and manager; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the 2018 Atlanta Braves and the team's award-winning players and manager; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Georgia Achieving A Better Life Experience; governance of program by board of directors of Georgia Higher Education Savings Plan; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 11 of Chapter 3 of Title 20 and Chapter 9 of Title 30 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the higher education savings plan and Georgia Achieving A Better Life Experience (ABLE), respectively, so as to provide for the governance of the Georgia ABLE program by the board of directors of the Georgia Higher Education Savings Plan; to revise the composition and chairperson of the board of directors of the Georgia Higher Education Savings Plan; to provide for the transfer of rights and obligations; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Motor vehicles; use of personal delivery devices to transport cargo; authorize. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 40 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to motor vehicles and traffic, so as to authorize the use of personal delivery devices to transport cargo within this state; to provide for and change certain definitions; to provide requirements for the operation of personal delivery devices; to exempt personal delivery devices from requirements imposed on motor vehicles and other self-propelled vehicles; to require personal delivery device operators to obtain insurance; to provide for limitations on adoption of certain rules, regulations, ordinances, and resolutions; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Motor vehicles; amber strobe lights; permitting requirements; exempt low speed vehicles. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 8 of Title 40 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to equipment and inspection of motor vehicles, so as to exempt low-speed vehicles from permitting requirements relating to amber strobe lights or emergency vehicle designation; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Tattnall County; Board of Commissioners; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating a board of commissioners of Tattnall County, approved August 18, 1927 (Ga. L. 1927, p. 674), as amended, particularly by an Act approved April 4, 2012 (Ga. L. 2012, p. 4661), so as to change the description of the commissioner districts; to define certain terms and provide for certain inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for related matters; to provide effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Mental Health Parity Act; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Titles 15, 20, 31, 33, 37, 45, and 49 of the O.C.G.A., relating to courts, education, health, insurance, mental health, public officers and employees, and social services, respectively, so as to implement the recommendations of the Georgia Behavioral Health Reform and Innovation Commission; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Montgomery County; abolish mode of compensating sheriff; repeal Act. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to repeal an Act to abolish the mode of compensating the sheriff of Montgomery County, Georgia known as the fee system, approved February 28, 1966 (Ga. L. 1966, p. 2120), as amended, particularly by an Act approved April 1, 1971 (Ga. L. 1971, p. 2856), an Act approved March 28, 1974 (Ga. L. 1974, p. 3648), and an Act approved March 13, 1978 (Ga. L. 1978, p. 3189); to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Montgomery County; Board of Elections and Registration; create. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to create a board of elections and registration for Montgomery County; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Montgomery County; Board of Commissioners; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating the Board of Commissioners of Montgomery County, approved February 27, 1953 (Ga. L. 1953, Jan.-Feb. Sess., p. 2729), as amended, particularly by an Act approved March 5, 2012 (Ga. L. 2012, p. 4118), so as to change the description of the commissioner districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for manner of election and terms of office; to provide for related matters; to provide effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Montgomery County; Board of Education; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act relating to the Montgomery County Board of Education, approved March 21, 1979 (Ga. L. 1979, p. 3151), as amended, particularly by an Act approved March 20, 2012 (Ga. L. 2012, p. 4489), so as to change the description of the education districts; to provide for the manner of election; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for the continuation in office of current members; to provide for initial terms of office; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Carter, Donald "Don" J.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Donald "Don" J. Carter; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Emanuel County; Board of Commissioners; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating the Board of Commissioners of Emanuel County, approved August 18, 1919 (Ga. L. 1919, p. 646), as amended, particularly by an Act approved February 27, 2012 (Ga. L. 2012, p. 3735), so as to change the description of the commissioner districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for election and terms of office of subsequent members; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Swainsboro, City of; corporate limits; change provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act incorporating the City of Swainsboro, approved December 6, 1900 (Ga. L. 1900, p. 427), as amended, particularly by an Act approved April 30, 2019 (Ga. L. 2019, p. 3666), so as to change provisions relating to the corporate limits of the city; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Glynn County; Board of Commissioners; provide new district boundaries. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating the Board of Commissioners of Glynn County, approved February 11, 1937 (Ga. L. 1937, p. 1336), as amended, particularly by an Act approved February 27, 2012 (Ga. L. 2012, p. 3627), so as to provide new district boundaries; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of the current members; to provide for related matters; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Insurance; minimum nonforfeiture interest rate for individual deferred annuities; decrease. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 33-28-3 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to standard nonforfeiture provisions for individual deferred annuities, so as to decrease the minimum nonforfeiture interest rate for individual deferred annuities from 1 percent to 0.15 percent; to provide for an effective date and applicability; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Talbot County; Board of Education; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act reconstituting the Talbot County Board of Education, approved April 5, 1993 (Ga. L. 1993, p. 4710), as amended, particularly by an Act approved March 13, 2012 (Ga. L. 2012, p. 4310), so as to change the description of the education districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for related matters; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Talbot County; Board of Commissioners; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act establishing the Board of Commissioners of Talbot County, approved February 16, 1876 (Ga. L. 1876, p. 291), as amended, particularly by an Act approved March 13, 2012 (Ga. L. 2012, p. 4305), so as to change the description of the commissioner districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hall County; Board of Commissioners; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating a board of commissioners of Hall County, approved March 21, 1935 (Ga. L. 1935, p. 661), as amended, particularly by an Act approved March 29, 2012 (Ga. L. 2012, p. 4597), so as to change the description of the commissioner districts; to define certain terms and provide for certain inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for related matters; to provide effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Madison County; Board of Education; revise member districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing for the Board of Education of Madison County, approved March 24, 1988 (Ga. L. 1988, p. 4698), as amended, particularly by an Act approved March 5, 2012 (Ga. L. 2012, p. 4106), so as to revise the districts for the election of members of the board of education; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for related matters; to provide effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Madison County; Board of Commissioners; revise member districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating a board of commissioners of Madison County, approved March 27, 1965 (Ga. L. 1965, p. 2667), as amended, particularly by an Act approved March 5, 2012 (Ga. L. 2012, p. 4112), so as to revise the districts for the election of members of the board of commissioners; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for related matters; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: 2018 Atlanta Braves; team's award-winning players and manager; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the 2018 Atlanta Braves and the team's award-winning players and manager; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cobb County; Board of Education; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing for the election of members of the Board of Education of Cobb County, approved March 28, 1974 (Ga. L. 1974, p. 3516), as amended, particularly by an Act approved April 20, 2012 (Ga. L. 2012, p. 5570), so as to change the description of the education districts of such board; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for the manner of election; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Charlton County; Board of Commissioners; change district provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating the board of commissioners for Charlton County, approved August 4, 1927 (Ga. L. 1927, p. 529), as amended, particularly by an Act approved May 16, 2007 (Ga. L. 2007, p. 3694) and by an Act approved April 10, 2014 (Ga. L. 2014, p. 3724), so as to change provisions relating to commissioner districts; to provide for members currently serving; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Camden County Public Service Authority Act; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to create the Camden County Public Service Authority, approved March 20, 1990 (Ga. L. 1990, p. 4273), as amended, particularly by an Act approved April 4, 1991 (Ga. L. 1991, p. 4189), and an Act approved May 6, 2019 (Ga. L. 2019, p. 3948), so as to readopt provisions of the Act; to provide a short title; to provide for severability; to provide for legislative intent; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Sales and use tax; exemption for sales of admissions to nonrecurring major sporting events; revise. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 48-8-3 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to exemptions from sales and use taxes, so as to revise the exemption for sales of admissions to nonrecurring major sporting events; to amend the definition of "major sporting event" to include any match of a FIFA World Cup; to extend the sunset provision for the exemption; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lincoln County; Board of Education; provide compensation of members. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide for compensation of the members of the Board of Education of Lincoln County; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Mental health; adult mental health programs; provide licensure. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 3 of Title 37 of the O.C.G.A., relating to examination, treatment, etc., for mental illness, so as to provide for the licensure of adult mental health programs; to provide for inspection by the Department of Community Health; to provide for an annual report; to provide for criminal background checks; to provide for oversight by the disability services ombudsman; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Income tax; expenditures on maintenance for Class III railroads; extend tax credit. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 48-7-40.34 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to tax credit for Class III railroads and reporting, so as to extend the income tax credit for expenditures on the maintenance of railroad track owned or leased by Class III railroads; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Social services; community action agencies to submit audit reports and IRS forms before any contracts are made with DHS; require. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 8 of Title 49 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to economic rehabilitation services, so as to require community action agencies to submit audit reports and IRS forms to the Department of Audits and Accounts before any contracts with the Department of Human Services are made or offered; to require each member of the board of directors of a community action agency to execute contracts between the community action agency and the Department of Human Services; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Income tax; tax credits for contributions to rural hospital organizations; increase aggregate limit. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 48-7-29.20 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to tax credits for contributions to rural hospital organizations, so as to increase the aggregate limit for tax credits for contributions to rural hospital organizations; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: OneGeorgia Authority Act; grant program to establish primary care medical facilities in health professional shortage areas; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 34 of Title 50 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the "OneGeorgia Authority Act," so as to provide for a grant program to establish primary care medical facilities in health professional shortage areas; to provide for lease-purchase agreements; to provide for definitions; to provide for criteria for such program; to provide for application and approval thereof; to provide for rules and regulations; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Georgia Endowment for Teaching Professionals; create. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 12 of Title 50 of the O.C.G.A., relating to commissions and other agencies, so as to provide for the creation of the Georgia Endowment for Teaching Professionals to foster a public-private partnership for support of postsecondary teaching professionals in high demand courses, subjects, and disciplines; to provide for a board of trustees; to provide for the membership, appointment, terms, and filling of vacancies of the board of trustees; to provide for the creation, appointment, terms, filling of vacancies, duties, and responsibilities of an advisory committee to the board of trustees; to provide for the purposes of the endowment; to provide for the duties and responsibilities of the board of trustees; to provide for discontinuation of the endowment under certain circumstances; to provide for certain reports and audits; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Local government; creation of regional development authorities; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 62 of Title 36 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to development authorities, so as to provide for the creation of regional development authorities; to provide an enhancement for the jobs tax credit for such authorities; to provide for a definition; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Workers compensation; dissolution of Subsequent Injury Trust Fund; extend time period. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 9 of Title 34 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to workers' compensation, so as to extend the time period for the dissolution of the Subsequent Injury Trust Fund; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: State Board of Nursing Home Administrators; revise composition. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 27 of Title 43 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to nursing home administrators, so as to revise the composition of the State Board of Nursing Home Administrators; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Income tax; certain expenditures made by postproduction companies; extend tax credit. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 2 of Chapter 7 of Title 48 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the imposition, rate, computation, exemptions, and credits for state income tax, so as to extend a tax credit for certain expenditures made by postproduction companies; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Motor vehicles; revise definition of all-terrain vehicle. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 40-1-1 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to definitions relative to motor vehicles and traffic, so as to revise the definition of "all-terrain vehicle"; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Firefighters' Pension Fund; authority to make alternative investments; repeal certain restrictions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 47 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to retirement and pensions, so as to repeal certain restrictions and requirements concerning the authority to make alternative investments for the Georgia Firefighters' Pension Fund; to increase the percentage of alternative investments allowable for the Georgia Firefighters' Pension Fund; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Stewart County; Board of Education; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act relating to the Board of Education of Stewart County and providing for the election of the members thereof, approved March 21, 1969 (Ga. L. 1969, p. 2264), as amended, particularly by an Act approved March 20, 2012 (Ga. L. 2012, p. 4435), so as to change the description of the education districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for related matters; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Income tax; affiliated corporations file separate or consolidated returns; provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 48-7-21, relating to income taxation of corporations, so as remove the requirement that affiliated corporations file separate income tax returns with this state unless the Department of Revenue has requested or preapproved the filing of consolidated returns; to authorize Georgia affiliated groups to elect to file separate or consolidated income tax returns; to provide for the effect of such elections; to provide for tax liability, allocation, and apportionment; to make such election irrevocable for five years; to authorize affiliated groups that have filed consolidated returns to continue under the current law; to provide for definitions; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date and applicability; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Insurance; unfair trade practices and unlawful inducements; provide for exclusions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 24 of Title 33 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to insurance generally, so as to provide for exclusions to unfair trade practices and unlawful inducements; to allow an insurer or insurance producer to offer or provide a value-added product or service under certain conditions; to allow an insurer or insurance producer to implement a pilot program offering or providing a value-added product or service under certain conditions; to allow an insurer or insurance producer to offer or give a charitable donation under certain conditions; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date and applicability; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cochran, City of; levy an excise tax. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to authorize the governing authority of the City of Cochran to levy an excise tax pursuant to subsection (b) of Code Section 48-13-51 of the O.C.G.A.; to provide procedures, conditions, and limitations; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lee County; Board of Commissioners; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating the Board of Commissioners of Lee County, approved August 6, 1921 (Ga. L. 1921, p. 517), as amended, so as to change the description of the commissioner districts; to define certain terms and provide for certain inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for related matters; to provide effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Upson County; ad valorem tax for county purposes; provide homestead exemption. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide a homestead exemption from Upson County ad valorem taxes for county purposes in the amount of $24,000.00 of the assessed value of the homestead for residents of that county who are 65 years of age or older and disabled; to provide for definitions; to specify the terms and conditions of the exemption and the procedures relating thereto; to provide for applicability; to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to provide for related matters; to provide for a referendum, effective dates, and automatic repeal; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Wayne County; Board of Commissioners; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating the Board of Commissioners of Wayne County, approved March 6, 1962 (Ga. L. 1962, p. 3110), as amended, particularly by an Act approved March 27, 2012 (Ga. L. 2012, p. 4548), so as to change the description of the commissioner districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office; to provide for election, terms of office, and qualifications of members; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Income tax; certain retirement income for military service; provide exemption. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 2 of Chapter 7 of Title 48 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the imposition, rate, computation, exemptions, and credits from state income tax, so as to exclude from Georgia taxable net income certain retirement income received from certain military service; to provide for limitations; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date and applicability; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Stewart County; Board of Commissioners; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating the Board of Commissioners of Stewart County, approved April 4, 1996 (Ga. L. 1996, p. 4028), as amended, particularly by an Act approved April 4, 2012 (Ga. L. 2012, p. 4604), so as to change the description of the commissioner districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for related matters; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: State government; service of process for state tort claims; revise provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 2 of Chapter 21 of Title 50 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to state tort claims, so as to revise provisions regarding service of process; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jones County; Board of Education; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating the Jones County Board of Education, approved March 21, 1984 (Ga. L. 1984, p. 4459), as amended, particularly by an Act approved February 15, 2012 (Ga. L. 2012, p. 3536), so as to change the description of the districts from which members of such board are elected; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for related matters; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jones County; Board of Commissioners; reapportion districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating a Board of Commissioners of Jones County, approved March 5, 1974 (Ga. L. 1974, p. 2162), as amended, particularly by an Act approved February 15, 2012 (Ga. L. 2012, p. 3551), so as to reapportion the commissioner districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: McIntosh County; Board of Commissioners; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating the Board of Commissioners of McIntosh County, approved February 26, 1876 (Ga. L. 1876, p. 283), as amended, particularly by an Act approved February 27, 2012 (Ga. L. 2012, p. 3653) and by an Act approved March 3, 2014 (Ga. L. 2014, p. 4249), so as to change the description of the commissioner districts; to define certain terms and provide for certain inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for related matters; to provide effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bryan County; Board of Commissioners; reconstittue and change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing for the election of members of the Board of Commissioners of Bryan County, approved April 12, 1982 (Ga. L. 1982, p. 4270), as amended, particularly by an Act approved March 13, 2012 (Ga. L. 2012, p. 4199), so as to reconstitute the board of commissioners; to change the description of the commissioner districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bryan County; Board of Education; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing for the election of the members of the Board of Education of Bryan County, approved March 16, 1978 (Ga. L. 1978, p. 3774), as amended, specifically by an Act approved February 15, 2012 (Ga. L. 2012, p. 3543), so as change the description of the education districts; to provide for continuation in office of certain current board members; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jenkins County; Board of Commissioners; revise member districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act establishing a board of commissioners of roads and revenues for the County of Jenkins, approved August 1, 1911 (Ga. L. 1911, p. 449), as amended, particularly by an Act approved March 27, 2012 (Ga. L. 2012, p. 4535), so as to revise the districts for the election of members of the board of commissioners; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office; to provide for related matters; to provide effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Grady County; Board of Commissioners; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating a board of commissioners for the County of Grady, approved December 22, 1937 (Ga. L. 1937-38, Ex. Sess. p. 837), as amended, particularly by an Act approved February 27, 2012 (Ga. L. 2012, p. 3747), so as to change the description of the commissioner districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for related matters; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Thomas County; Board of Education; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing for the Board of Education of Thomas County, approved March 30, 1989 (Ga. L. 1989, p. 4321), as amended, particularly by an Act approved February 15, 2012 (Ga. L. 2012, p. 3501), so as to change the description of the education districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Paulding County; Board of Commissioners; revise member districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating the Board of Commissioners of Paulding County, approved April 17, 1975 (Ga. L. 1975, p. 2916), as amended, particularly by an Act approved March 20, 2012 (Ga. L. 2012, p. 4451), so as to revise the districts for the election of members of the board; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Peach County; Board of Education; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to provide for the Board of Education of Peach County, approved March 20, 1990 (Ga. L. 1990, p. 4155), as amended, so as to change the description of the districts from which members of such board are elected; to define certain terms and to provide for certain inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for related matters; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Harrod, Cali; Anna Shelnutt; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Cali Harrod and Anna Shelnutt; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Peach County; Board of Commissioners; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to create a board of commissioners of roads and revenues for Peach County, approved March 10, 1964 (Ga. L. 1964, p. 2627), as amended, particularly by an Act approved February 27, 2012 (Ga. L. 2012, p. 3607), so as to change the description of the districts from which members of such board are elected; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for related matters; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jenkins County; Board of Education; revise member districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating a new Board of Education of Jenkins County, approved April 3, 1968 (Ga. L. 1968, p. 2965), as amended, particularly by an Act approved March 27, 2012 (Ga. L. 2012, p. 4541), so as to revise the districts for the election of members of the board of education; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office; to provide for related matters; to provide effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Wilkes County; Board of Commissioners; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act recreating the Board of Commissioners of Wilkes County, approved April 17, 1975 (Ga. L. 1975, p. 2979), as amended, particularly by an Act approved September 21, 2011 (Ga. L. 2011 Ex. Sess., p. 437), so as to change the description of the commissioner districts; to provide for continuation in office of certain current board members; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Education; curricula or training programs which encourage certain concepts; prevent use of. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 20 of the O.C.G.A., relating to education, so as to prevent the use of and reliance upon curricula or training programs which act upon, promote, or encourage certain concepts, with exceptions; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Health; influenza vaccinations for discharged patients; lower age to 50. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 31-7-18 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to influenza vaccinations for discharged patients aged 65 and older, vaccinations or other measures for health care workers in hospitals, immunity from liability, and standing orders, so as to lower the age to 50 years old for hospitals to offer inpatients vaccinations for the influenza virus prior to discharge; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Property; nonjudicial foreclosure of time-share estates; authorize. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Part 7 of Article 5 of Chapter 3 of Title 44 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to miscellaneous provisions regarding time-share projects and programs, so as to authorize nonjudicial foreclosure of time-share estates; to provide for notice; to provide for transfer of title; to provide for a power of attorney; to provide for existing contractual obligations; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Revenue and taxation; certain violations of registration requirements for motor vehicles operated by motor carriers; increase penalty. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 2 of Chapter 9 of Title 48 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to road tax on motor carriers, so as to increase the penalty for certain violations of registration requirements for motor vehicles operated by motor carriers; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Georgia Women's CARE (Child Care Alternatives, Resources, and Education) Act, enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 2 of Chapter 4 of Title 17 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to arrest by law enforcement officers generally, so as to revise provisions relating to the arrests of pregnant women; to provide that women who have been arrested are offered pregnancy testing upon detention; to enact a provision regarding delayed sentencing for postpartum female inmates; to amend Article 1 of Chapter 1 of Title 42 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to inmate policies, so as to revise provisions relating to the treatment of pregnant and postpartum female inmates; to provide for the reporting of certain information; to provide for a short title; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Laurens County; Board of Education; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing the method of election of the members of the Board of Education of Laurens County, approved March 18, 1986 (Ga. L. 1986, p. 3821), as amended, particularly by an Act approved March 13, 2012 (Ga. L. 2012, p. 4286), so as to change the description of the education districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for election and terms of office of subsequent members; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Laurens County; Board of Commissioners; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating the Board of Commissioners of Laurens County, approved December 1, 1893 (Ga. L. 1893, p. 362), as amended, particularly by an Act approved April 30, 2013 (Ga. L. 2013, p. 3806), so as to change the description of the commissioner districts for the election of members of the board of commissioners; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Early County; school district ad valorem tax; revise administrative provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing a homestead exemption from Early County school district ad valorem taxes for educational purposes in the amount of $150,000.00 of the assessed value of the homestead for five years for residents of that school district who are 70 years of age or older, approved May 10, 2021 (Ga. L. 2021, p. 4267), so as to revise administrative provisions regarding submission of documentation regarding income; to make the board of tax assessors the administrator of applications; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Early County; Board of Commissioners; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating the Board of Commissioners of Early County, approved March 24, 1933 (Ga. L. 1933, p. 515), as amended, so as to change the descriptions of the commissioner districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of the current chairperson and members; to provide effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Motor vehicles; heavy-duty equipment motor vehicle; revise definition. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 40-2-167 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to separately stated fees in a rental agreement, so as to revise the definition of "heavy-duty equipment motor vehicle" for the purposes of said Code section; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cook County; Board of Commissioners; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating the Board of Commissioners of Cook County, approved August 12, 1919 (Ga. L. 1919, p. 627), as amended, particularly by an Act approved March 13, 2012 (Ga. L. 2012, p. 4321), so as to change the description of the commissioner districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for related matters; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cook County; Board of Education; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating the Cook County Board of Education, approved March 28, 1986 (Ga. L. 1986, p. 5499), as amended, particularly by an Act approved March 13, 2012 (Ga. L. 2012, p. 4314), so as to change the description of the education districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for related matters; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Wilcox County; Board of Commissioners; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating the Board of Commissioners of Wilcox County, approved March 24, 1939 (Ga. L. 1939, p. 782), as amended, particularly by an Act approved May 6, 2013 (Ga. L. 2013, p. 4032), so as to change the description of the commissioner districts for the election of members of the board of commissioners; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for effective dates; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Putnam County; Board of Commissioners; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating the board of commissioners for Putnam County, approved September 8, 1879 (Ga. L. 1878-79, p. 334), as amended, particularly by an Act approved February 15, 2012 (Ga. L. 2012, p. 3596), so as to change the description of the commissioner districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for effective dates; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Griffin-Spalding County; Board of Education; reconstitute and change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act establishing the Griffin-Spalding County School System Board of Education, approved February 25, 1953 (Ga. L. 1953, Jan.-Feb. Sess., p. 2563), as amended, particularly by a local constitutional amendment (Ga. L. 1982, p. 2680) which was continued in force and effect as a part of the Constitution of the State of Georgia by an Act approved February 18, 1987 (Ga. L. 1987, p. 3545), by an Act approved March 7, 2002 (Ga. L. 2002, p. 3566), and by an Act approved September 21, 2011 (Ga. L. 2011, Ex. Sess., p. 478), so as to reconstitute the Griffin-Spalding County Board of Education; to provide for related matters; to provide for a referendum, effective dates, and automatic repeal; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Heard County High School football team; 2018 GHSA 2A State Champions; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Heard County High School football team for winning the 2018 GHSA 2A State Football Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Spalding County; Board of Commissioners; reconstitute and change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating the Board of Commissioners of Spalding County, approved February 5, 1873 (Ga. L. 1873, p. 289), as amended, particularly by an Act approved March 15, 2002 (Ga. L. 2002, p. 3591) and by an Act approved September 21, 2011 (GA. L. 2011 Ex. Sess., p. 471), so as to reconstitute the board of commissioners; to change the description of the commissioner districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for election and terms of office of subsequent members; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Pierce County; Board of Commissioners; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating the Board of Commissioners of Pierce County, approved March 25, 1937 (Ga. L. 1937, p. 1397), as amended, so as to change the description of the commissioner districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for related matters; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Pierce County; Board of Education; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing for the composition and selection of the Board of Education of Pierce County, approved April 12, 1982 (Ga. L. 1982, p. 4649), as amended, so as to change the description of the education districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ben Hill County; Board of Commissioners; reconstitute and change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating the Board of Commissioners of Ben Hill County, approved August 15, 1914 (Ga. L. 1914, p. 232), as amended, particularly by an Act approved March 13, 2012 (Ga. L. 2012, p. 4206), so as to reconstitute the board of commissioners; to change the description of the commissioner districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jackson County; School System; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to reconstitute the law governing the Jackson County School System, approved May 17, 2004 (Ga. L. 2004, p. 3619), as amended, so as to change the description of the education districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for the continuation in office of current members; to provide for effective dates; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Commerce, City of; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing a new charter for the City of Commerce, approved April 4, 1991 (Ga. L. 1991, p. 4042), as amended, so as to change the description of the education districts for the Commerce Independent School District; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jackson County; Board of Commissioners; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act entitled "An Act to create a board of county commissioners for the county of Jackson," approved December 18, 1901 (Ga. L. 1901, p. 257), as amended, particularly by an Act approved March 16, 1999 (Ga. L. 1999, p. 3570) and an Act approved May 18, 2007 (Ga. L. 2007, p. 4030), so as to add a fifth district commissioner to said board; to change the description of the commissioner districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for the election of the chairperson and members of the board of county commissioners; to revise majority vote and quorum provisions; to revise purchasing provisions; to provide for the continuation in office of current members; to provide for effective dates; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bryan County; State Court; authorize collection of technology fee. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to authorize the assessment and collection of a technology fee by the State Court of Bryan County; to identify the authorized uses of such technology fee; to provide for the termination of such technology fee and dedication of residual funds to technology uses; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cherokee County; Board of Education; revise districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing for the numbering of positions of membership on the Cherokee County Board of Education, approved April 17, 1973 (Ga. L. 1973, p. 3207), as amended, particularly by an Act approved March 29, 2012 (Ga. L. 2012, p. 4590), so as to revise the districts for the election of members of the board of education; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for manner of election; to provide for related matters; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Decatur County; Board of Commissioners; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act relating to the board of commissioners of Decatur County, approved March 4, 1935 (Ga. L. 1935, p. 630), as amended, particularly by an Act approved May 6, 2015 (Ga. L. 2015, p. 3718), so as to change the descriptions of the commissioner districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide effective dates; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Decatur County; Board of Education; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing for the composition of the Board of Education of Decatur County, approved March 18, 1986 (Ga. L. 1986, p. 4096), as amended, particularly by an Act approved February 29, 2012 (Ga. L. 2012, p. 3867), so as to change the description of the education districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for election and terms of office of subsequent members; to provide effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Glynn County; Board of Education; provide new district boundaries. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing for the Board of Education of Glynn County, approved February 21, 1873 (Ga. L. 1873, p. 256), as amended, particularly by an Act approved August 12, 1914 (Ga. L. 1914, p. 275), and by an Act approved February 27, 2012 (Ga. L. 2012, p. 3636), so as to provide new district boundaries; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for the manner of election; to provide for continuation in office of the current members; to provide for related matters; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Houston County; Board of Education; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act reconstituting the Board of Education of Houston County, approved March 31, 1994 (Ga. L. 1994, p. 4435), as amended, particularly by an Act approved March 13, 2012 (Ga. L. 2012, p. 4185), so as to change the description of the education districts; to provide definitions and inclusions; to provide for the continuance in office for current members; to provide for effective dates; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ben Hill County; Board of Education; provide new district boundaries. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing for the composition of the Ben Hill County Board of Education, approved March 22, 1990 (Ga. L. 1990, p. 4435), as amended, particularly by an Act approved March 13, 2012 (Ga. L. 2012, p. 4428), so as to provide new district boundaries; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for related matters; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: McIntosh County; Board of Education; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating the Board of Education of McIntosh County, approved March 14, 1980 (Ga. L. 1980, p. 3112), as amended, particularly by an Act approved February 27, 2012 (Ga. L. 2012, p. 3646) and by an Act approved April 10, 2014 (Ga. L. 2014, p. 4254), so as to change the description of the education districts; to define certain terms and provide for certain inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for related matters; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Whitfield County; Board of Commissioners; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating the Board of Commissioners of Whitfield County, approved February 21, 1964 (Ga. L. 1964, p. 2175), as amended, particularly by an Act approved September 21, 2011 (Ga. L. 2011 Ex. Sess., p. 542), so as to change the description of the commissioner districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Whitfield County; Board of Education; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to revise and restate the law relating to the Whitfield County Board of Education, approved June 30, 2020 (Ga. L. 2020, p. 3910), so as to change the description of the education districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Charlton County; Board of Education; change district provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing for the election of the members of the Board of Education of Charlton County, approved April 17, 1975 (Ga. L. 1975, p. 3952), as amended, particularly by an Act approved May 16, 2007 (Ga. L. 2007, p. 3688) and by an Act approved April 10, 2014 (Ga. L. 2014, p. 3730), so as to change provisions relating to board of education districts; to provide for members currently serving; to repeal conflicting laws; to provide for related matters; to provide for effective dates; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Crimes and offenses; prosecute offenses involving criminal gang activity; provide for concurrent authority. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 16-15-4 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to participation in criminal gang activity prohibited, so as to provide for the concurrent authority of prosecuting attorneys and the Attorney General to prosecute offenses involving criminal gang activity; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Coweta County; Board of Education; provide new district boundaries. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing for the composition of the Board of Education of Coweta County, approved March 5, 1984 (Ga. L. 1984, p. 3704), as amended, particularly by an Act approved February 15, 2012 (Ga. L. 2012, p. 3514), so as to provide new district boundaries; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of the current members; to provide for effective dates; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Coweta County; Board of Commissioners; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating a board of commissioners for Coweta County, approved August 26, 1872 (Ga. L. 1872, p. 405), as amended, particularly by an Act approved February 15, 2012 (Ga. L. 2012, p. 3509), so as to change the description of the commissioner districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Morrow, City of; increase homestead exemption. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to provide a homestead exemption from certain City of Morrow ad valorem taxes for city purposes, approved March 30, 1993 (Ga. L. 1993, p. 4446), as amended, so as to increase the amount of a homestead exemption from City of Morrow ad valorem taxes; to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to provide for a referendum, effective dates, and automatic repeal; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Tattnall County; Board of Education; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing for the election of members of the board of education of Tattnall County, approved February 29, 1968 (Ga. L. 1968, p. 2077), as amended, particularly by an Act approved April 4, 2012 (Ga. L. 2022, p. 4654), so as to change the description of the education districts; to define certain terms and provide for certain inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for related matters; to provide effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Banks County; Board of Education; provide new districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act changing the method of choosing the members of the Banks County Board of Education, approved April 4, 1967 (Ga. L. 1967, p. 2538), so as to provide for new education districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Baker County; Board of Education; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide for reapportionment of the election districts for the Baker County Board of Education, so as to change the description of the education districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for the continuation in office of current members; to provide for related matters; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Banks County; Board of Commissioners; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating a board of commissioners for Banks County, approved August 19, (Ga. L. 1916, p. 349), as amended, particularly by an Act approved May 1, 2008 (Ga. L. 2008, p. 3623), so as to change the description of the commissioner districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for the continuation in office of current members; to provide for effective dates; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Athens, City of; Clarke County; Board of Education; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing for the merger of the existing independent school system of the mayor and council of the City of Athens and the existing school system in the County of Clarke, approved March 7, 1955 (Ga. L. 1955, p. 3057), as amended, particularly by an Act approved March 13, 2012 (Ga. L. 2012, p. 4248), so as to change the description of the education districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for the continuation in office of the current members; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cherokee County; Board of Commissioners; revise districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating a board of commissioners of Cherokee County, approved March 30, 1989 (Ga. L. 1989, p. 4295), as amended, particularly by an Act approved March 5, 2012 (Ga. L. 2012, p. 4044), so as to revise the districts for the election of members of the board of commissioners; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for manner of election; to provide for related matters; to provide effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Motor vehicles; law enforcement vehicles be equipped with primarily blue flashing or revolving lights; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 40 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to motor vehicles and traffic, so as to provide for vehicles operated by certain law enforcement to be equipped with flashing or revolving lights which are primarily blue in color; to remove a restriction relating to motor vehicles of the Georgia State Patrol; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Game and fish; hunting and trapping of raccoons and opossum year round; authorize. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 3 of Title 27 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to wildlife generally, so as to authorize the hunting and trapping of raccoons and opossum year round; to provide for related matters; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Game and fish; possession of cervid carcasses; remove definitions; provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 27-5-2.1 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to possession of cervid carcasses, so as to remove definitions; to amend which cervid parts may be brought in from outside of Georgia; to authorize the Department of Natural Resources to restrict the movement or transport of cervid carcasses, or carcass parts, upon detection of chronic wasting disease in certain places; to provide for enforcement of violations; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Freedom to Farm Act; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 41-1-7 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to treatment of agricultural facilities and operations and forest land as nuisances, so as to provide for legislative intent; to remove a definition; to limit the circumstances under which agricultural facilities and operations may be sued for a nuisance; to provide for a short title; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cobb County; Board of Commissioners; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating the Board of Commissioners of Cobb County, approved June 19, 1964 (Ga. L. 1964, Ex. Sess., p. 2075), as amended, particularly by an Act approved April 10, 2014 (Ga. L. 2014, p. 3893), so as to change the description of the commissioner districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for election and terms of office of subsequent members; to provide effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Gordon County; Board of Commissioners; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing for the office of commissioner of Gordon County, approved March 21, 1974 (Ga. L. 1974, p. 2522), as amended, particularly by an Act providing for a board of commissioners of Gordon County, approved March 13, 1975 (Ga. L. 1975, p. 2719), so as to change the description of the commissioner districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for related matters; to provide effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Johnson County; Board of Commissioners; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating the board of commissioners of Johnson County, approved March 27, 1941 (Ga. L. 1941, p. 887), as amended, so as to change the description of the commissioner districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for the continuation in office of current members; to provide for related matters; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Johnson County; Board of Education; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing for reapportionment or redistricting of the districts from and by which members of the board of education of Johnson County are elected, approved March 1, 2004 (Ga. L. 2004, p. 3506), as amended, so as to change the description of the education districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for the continuation in office of current members; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Calhoun County; Board of Commissioners; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to increase the number of commissioners of roads and revenues for the county of Calhoun from three to five, approved August 10, 1908 (Ga. L. 1908, p. 276), as amended, particularly by an Act approved February 27, 2012 (Ga. L. 2012, p. 3623), so as to change the description of the commissioner districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Clay County; Board of Commissioners; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating the Board of Commissioners of Clay County, approved February 16, 1953 (Ga. L. 1953, Jan.-Feb. Sess., p. 2326), as amended, particularly by an Act approved September 21, 2011 (Ga. L. 2011, Ex. Sess., p. 368), so as to change the description of the commissioner districts for the election of members of the board of commissioners; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for the continuation in office of current members; to provide for related matters; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Clay County; Board of Education; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act reconstituting the Board of Education of Clay County, approved January 15, 1993 (Ga. L. 1993, p. 3576), as amended, particularly by an Act approved September 21, 2011 (Ga. L. 2011, Ex. Sess., p. 376), so as to change the description of the education districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for the continuation in office of current members; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Telfair County; Board of Education; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act reapportioning the election districts of the Board of Education of Telfair County, approved April 11, 1979 (Ga. L. 1979, p. 3539), as amended, so as to change the description of the education districts; to revise provisions regarding vacancies on the board; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for the continuation in office of the current members; to provide for related matters; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dodge County; Board of Education; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing for the election of members of the Board of Education of Dodge County, approved March 6, 1996 (Ga. L. 1996, p. 3507), as amended, particularly by an Act approved February 27, 2012 (Ga. L. 2012, p. 3773), so as to change the description of the education districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for the continuation in office of the current members; to provide for effective dates; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dodge County; Board of Commissioners; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating the office of Commissioner of Dodge County, approved August 19, 1912 (Ga. L. 1912, p. 367), as amended, particularly by an Act approved May 12, 2015 (Ga. L. 2015, p. 4180), so as to change the description of the commissioner districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office for current members; to provide for effective dates; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Wheeler County; Board of Education; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to provide for the composition of the Board of Education of Wheeler County, approved February 13, 1984 (Ga. L. 1984, p. 3601), as amended, so as to change the description of the education districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for election and terms of office of subsequent members; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lee County; Board of Education; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act reconstituting the Board of Education of Lee County, approved April 9, 1993 (Ga. L. 1993, p. 5130), as amended, so as to change the description of the education districts; to define certain terms and provide for certain inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for related matters; to provide effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Taliaferro County; Board of Education; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act reconstituting the Board of Education of Taliaferro County, approved February 4, 1993 (Ga. L. 1993, p. 3643), as amended, so as to change the descriptions of the education districts; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for related matters; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Turner County; Board of Education; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to provide for the election of members of the board of education of Turner County, approved March 28, 1984 (Ga. L. 1984, p. 4862), as amended, particularly by an Act approved April 5, 2012 (Ga. L. 2012, p. 4788), so as to change the description of the districts from which members of such board are elected; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for related matters; to provide effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Turner County; Board of Commissioners; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating a board of commissioners of Turner County, approved August 18, 1927 (Ga. L. 1927, p. 702), as amended, particularly by an Act approved April 5, 2012 (Ga. L. 2012, p. 4793), so as to change the description of the commissioner districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for related matters; to provide effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Moffitt, C.L.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of C.L. Moffitt; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Thomas County; Board of Commissioners; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating the Board of Commissioners of Thomas County, approved December 21, 1898 (Ga. L. 1898, p. 378), as amended, particularly by an Act approved February 29, 2012 (Ga. L. 2012, p. 3852), so as to change the description of the commissioner districts for the election of members of the board of commissioners; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for effective dates; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Monroe County; Board of Education; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to reconstitute the Board of Education of Monroe County, Georgia, approved February 25, 1993 (Ga. L. 1993, p. 3857), as amended, so as to change the description of the education districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for the continuance in office of current members; to provide for related matters; to provide effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Monroe County; Board of Commissioners; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to create a board of commissioners of roads and revenues for the county of Monroe, approved August 19, 1907 (Ga. L. 1907, p. 318), as amended, so as to change the description of the districts from which members of the commission are elected; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for the continuation in office of current members; to provide for effective dates; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Morgan County; Board of Commissioners; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating the Board of Commissioners of Morgan County, approved March 22, 1935 (Ga. L. 1935, p. 738), as amended, particularly by an Act approved March 5, 2012 (Ga. L. 2012, p. 3941), so as to change the description of the commissioner districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members and election of subsequent members; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Morgan County; Board of Education; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing for the election of members of the Board of Education of Morgan County, approved March 28, 1985 (Ga. L. 1985, p. 4643), as amended, particularly by an Act approved March 5, 2012 (Ga. L. 2012, p. 3948), so as to change the composition and description of the education districts from which members of the board of education are elected; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Raw Dairy Act; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 2 of Title 26 of the O.C.G.A., relating to standards, labeling, and adulteration of food, so as to authorize and regulate the production, handling, transporting, and sale of raw milk and raw milk products for human consumption; to provide standards for safety, cleanliness, and health for such products and animals producing them; to authorize the Commissioner of Agriculture to enforce such standards; to amend Article 7 of Chapter 2 of Title 26 of the O.C.G.A., relating to milk and milk products, so as to provide for conforming changes; to provide a short title; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Parents' Bill of Rights; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Part 5 of Article 16 of Chapter 2 of Title 20 of the O.C.G.A., relating to review of removal of students in elementary and secondary education, so as to provide for the protection of the fundamental right of parents to direct the upbringing and education of their minor children from undue infringement by a state or local government entity, local board of education, or any officer, employee, or agent thereof; to provide for appeals; to provide for construction; to prohibit certain waivers; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: State government; regional commissions; appointment of nonpublic members; revise provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 2 of Chapter 8 of Title 50 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to regional commissions, so as to revise provisions regarding the appointment of nonpublic members to the regional commission councils; to provide for executive committees for each regional commission council; to provide for filing audits with the Department of Community Affairs; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Local government; disposition of property acquired for lake projects do not apply if any portion of such lake was constructed; provide provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 36-9-3 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to sale or disposition of county real property generally, right of certain counties to make private sale, and right of county to negotiate and consummate private sales of recreational set-asides, so as to provide that provisions regarding the disposition of property acquired for lake projects do not apply if any portion of such lake was constructed; to provide an effective date; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Criminal procedure; increase time allotted to try a criminal case in judicial emergencies; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 6 of Title 17 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to bonds and recognizances, so as to provide for an increase in the time allotted to try a criminal case in judicial emergencies; to clarify bond forfeiture conditions; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Education; college entrance exam to public school students in grade 11; require administration. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Part 12 of Article 6 of Chapter 2 of Title 20 of the O.C.G.A., relating to effectiveness of educational programs, so as to require administration of a nationally recognized college entrance exam to public school students in grade 11 who choose to participate; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Speech-language pathologists and audiologists; revise licensing provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 1 of Chapter 44 of Title 43 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to state speech-language pathology and audiology licensing, so as to allow persons who are not licensed audiologists to use otoacoustic emissions or auditory brainstem response technology as part of a screening process for the initial identification of communication disorders in individuals up to age 22, subject to certain conditions; to provide for compliance with certain notifiable disease reporting requirements; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Sales and use tax; exemption for certain high-technology data center equipment; extend sunset. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 48-8-3 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to exemptions from sales and use tax, so as to extend the sunset of an exemption for certain high-technology data center equipment; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Criminal procedure; each act of child molestation charged as a separate offense; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 16-6-4 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to child molestation and aggravated child molestation, so as to provide that each act of child molestation shall be charged as a separate offense; to amend Code Section 16-12-100 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to sexual exploitation of children, reporting violation, civil forfeiture, and penalties, so as to specify that an offender can be charged and convicted for each separate image or depiction; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bartow County; Board of Education; provide new district boundaries. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing for the Board of Education of Bartow County, approved March 30, 1987 (Ga. L. 1987, p. 4915), as amended, particularly by an Act approved June 29, 2020 (Ga. L. 2020, p. 3630), so as to provide new district boundaries; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of the current members; to provide for effective dates; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bremen, City of; Municipal Court; charge technology fee. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to authorize the Municipal Court of the City of Bremen to charge a technology fee; to specify the uses to which such technology fees may be applied; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Social services; treatment services under Medicaid to persons with HIV; provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 7 of Chapter 4 of Title 49 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to medical assistance generally, so as to require the Department of Community Health to submit a Section 1115 waiver request to the federal Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services for a demonstration project to provide treatment services under Medicaid to persons in this state living with HIV; to provide for implementation upon approval; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Funeral directors and embalmers; reinstatement of lapsed license under certain conditions; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Part 3 of Article 1 of Chapter 18 of Title 43 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to licenses for funeral directors and embalmers, so as to provide for reinstatement of a lapsed funeral director's license under certain conditions; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Motor vehicles; federal regulations regarding safe operation of commercial motor vehicles and carriers; update reference date. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 40-1-8 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to safe operations of motor carriers, commercial motor vehicles, and drivers and safe transportation of hazardous materials, so as to update the reference date to federal regulations regarding the safe operation of motor carriers and commercial motor vehicles; to revise a definition; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Local government; audits of funds may be conducted in accordance with statutory accounting principles; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 85 of Title 36 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to interlocal risk management agencies in local government, so as to provide that audits of funds may be conducted in accordance with statutory accounting principles; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hart County; school district ad valorem tax; increase homestead exemption. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to provide for homestead exemptions from Hart County ad valorem taxes for county purposes and from Hart County School District ad valorem taxes for educational purposes for certain residents of that county and school district, approved April 6, 1992 (Ga. L. 1992, p. 5574), as amended, so as to increase the amount of such homestead exemption from Hart County School District ad valorem taxes for educational purposes from $10,000.00 to $15,000.00 of the assessed value of that homestead; to provide for related matters; to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to provide for applicability; to provide for a referendum, contingent effective dates, and automatic repeal; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: House Interns for the 2019 Regular Session; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the House Interns for the 2019 Regular Session; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Baker County; Board of Commissioners; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating the board of commissioners of Baker County, approved August 8, 1917 (Ga. L. 1917, p. 306), as amended, so as to change the description of the commissioner districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for the continuation in office of current members; to provide for related matters; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Tift County; Board of Commissioners; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating the Board of Commissioners of Tift County, approved August 9, 1917 (Ga. L. 1917, p. 396), as amended, particularly by an Act approved March 13, 2012 (Ga. L. 2012, p. 4176), so as to change the description of the commissioner districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dougherty County; Board of Commissioners; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating a board of commissioners of Dougherty County, approved March 4, 1941 (Ga. L. 1941, p. 834), as amended, so as to change the description of the commission districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of certain current board members; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Camden County; Board of Commissioners; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to amend, restate, revise, reorganize, and modernize the law relating to the Board of Commissioners of Camden County, approved March 25, 2002 (Ga. L. 2002, p. 3609), as amended, particularly by an Act approved March 5, 2012 (Ga. L. 2012, p. 3963), so as to change the description of the commissioner districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jefferson, City of; Board of Education; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act establishing a system of public schools in the City of Jefferson, Georgia, approved July 30, 1912 (Ga. L. 1912, p. 1019), as amended, so as to change the description of the education districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for the continuation in office of current members; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Tift County; Board of Education; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating the Tift County Board of Education, approved March 31, 1971 (Ga. L. 1971, p. 2722), as amended, particularly by an Act approved March 13, 2012 (Ga. L. 2012, p. 4167), so as to change the description of the education districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for the continuation in office of current members; to provide for related matters; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Greene County; Board of Commissioners; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating the Board of Commissioners of Greene County, approved August 11, 1925 (Ga. L. 1925, p. 653), as amended, particularly by an Act approved October 1, 2001 (Ga. L. 2001, Ex. Sess., p. 698), by an Act approved September 21, 2011 (Ga. L. 2011, Ex. Sess., p. 411), and by an Act approved March 18, 2013 (Ga. L. 2013, p. 3513), so as to change the description of the commissioner districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Greene County; Board of Education; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating the Board of Education of Greene County, approved March 12, 1986 (Ga. L. 1986, p. 3696), as amended, particularly by an Act approved October 1, 2001 (Ga. L. 2001, Ex. Sess., p. 693), by an Act approved September 21, 2011 (Ga. L. 2011, Ex. Sess., p. 417), and by an Act approved March 18, 2013 (Ga. L. 2013, p. 3519), so as to change the description of the education districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Fayette County; Board of Commissioners; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating a board of commissioners of Fayette County, approved March 9, 1959 (Ga. L. 1959, p. 2431), as amended, particularly by an Act approved March 2, 2016 (Ga. L. 2016, p. 3501), so as to change the description of the commissioner districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for related matters; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Burke County; Board of Commissioners; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating the Board of Commissioners of Burke County, approved August 21, 1911 (Ga. L. 1911, p. 390), as amended, particularly by an Act approved March 5, 2012 (Ga. L. 2012, p. 4127), so as to change the description of the commissioner districts; to define certain terms; to provide for continuation in office; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Georgia's coastal tourism and fisheries; support. Description: A RESOLUTION supporting Georgia's coastal tourism and fisheries and opposing seismic testing and oil and gas drilling activities off of Georgia's coast; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Burke County; Board of Education; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating the Burke County Board of Education, approved March 27, 1985 (Ga. L. 1985, p. 4481), as amended, particularly by an Act approved March 5, 2012 (Ga. L. 2012, p. 4133), so as to change the description of the education districts; to define certain terms; to provide for continuation in office; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Marion County; Board of Commissioners; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating the Board of Commissioners of Marion County, approved February 21, 1951 (Ga. L. 1951, p. 2880), as amended, so as to change the description of the commissioner districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for related matters; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Clayton County; Board of Education; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act changing the composition of and manner of selection of the Clayton County board of education, approved April 12, 1982 (Ga. L. 1982, p. 4431), as amended, so as to change the description of the education districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Education; provision that reduced the amount of certain funding to state charter schools that offer virtual instruction; remove. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 20-2-2089 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to funding for state charter schools, so as to remove a provision that reduced the amount of certain funding provided to state charter schools that offer virtual instruction; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Traffic offenses; enhanced penalties for violations of fleeing or attempting to elude a police officer; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 15 of Chapter 6 of Title 40 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to serious traffic offenses, so as to provide for enhanced penalties for violations of fleeing or attempting to elude a police officer; to provide for enhanced penalties for fleeing or eluding a police officer during the commission of certain crimes or under certain circumstances; to prohibit the use of a blue light to impersonate a law enforcement officer; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date and applicability; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Student Technology Protection Act; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 6 of Chapter 2 of Title 20 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, the "Quality Basic Education Act," so as to provide for the inclusion of methods for the promotion of the safe and appropriate use of technology and responsible digital citizenship in the comprehensive character education program; to repeal a provision regarding applicability; to provide for implementation; to provide for a short title; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Board of Dentistry; revise composition. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 1 of Chapter 11 of Title 43 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to general provisions relative to dentists, dental hygienists, and dental assistants, so as to revise the composition of the Georgia Board of Dentistry; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Sales and use tax; exemption for sale or lease of computer equipment of high-technology companies; extend sunset date. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 48-8-3 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to exemptions from sales and use tax, so as to extend the sunset date for a sales tax exemption for the sale or lease of computer equipment to be incorporated into facilities of high-technology companies; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Ad valorem tax; language required to be included in the notices of current assessment; revise. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 5 of Title 48 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to ad valorem taxation of property, so as to revise the language required to be included in the notices of current assessment; to add hearing officer review for tax assessment of certain business personal property; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Evans County; Board of Commissioners; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating a board of commissioners for Evans County, approved August 16, 1915 (Ga. L. 1915, p. 220), as amended, so as to change the description of the commissioner districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for related matters; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Evans County; Board of Education; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing for the composition of the Board of Education for Evans County, approved March 26, 1987 (Ga. L. 1987, p. 4782), as amended, so as to change the description of the education districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lamar County; Board of Commissioners; reconstitute and change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating the Board of Commissioners of Lamar County, approved March 8, 1943 (Ga. L. 1943, p. 1066), as amended, particularly by an Act approved March 13, 2012 (Ga. L. 2012, p. 4422), so as to reconstitute the board of commissioners; to change the description of the commissioner districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for related matters; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Pike County; Board of Commissioners; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating a board of commissioners of roads and revenues for the County of Pike, approved October 31, 1870 (Ga. L. 1870, p. 447), as amended, particularly by an Act approved February 26, 2014 (Ga. L. 2014, p. 3510), so as to change the description of the commissioner districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for the continuation in office of current members; to provide for election and terms of office of subsequent members; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lamar County; Board of Education; reconstitute and change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing for the election of the members of the Lamar County Board of Education, approved March 30, 1971 (Ga. L. 1971, p. 2710), as amended, particularly by an Act approved March 13, 2012 (Ga. L. 2012, p. 4416), so as to reconstitute the board of education; to change the description of the education districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for related matters; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Motor vehicles; temporary license plates and operating permits; revise terminology. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 16-11-112 and Chapter 2 of Title 40 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to vehicles with false or secret compartments and registration and licensing of motor vehicles, respectively, so as to revise terminology relating to temporary license plates and temporary operating permits; to provide standards for the issuance of temporary operating permits for motor vehicles failing to comply with vehicle emission standards upon vehicle registration renewal; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Natural Resources, Department of; earliest effective date for certain rules and regulations; delay. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 1 of Chapter 2 of Title 12, Title 27, and Article 1 of Chapter 7 of Title 52 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to general provisions of the Department of Natural Resources, game and fish, and general provisions of the registration, operation, and sale of watercraft, respectively, so as to delay the earliest effective date for certain rules and regulations for which criminal violations may be established; to set certain requirements for weapons used for hunting migratory game birds; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Juvenile proceedings; right to an attorney for any child receiving extended care services from Department of Family and Children Services; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 15-11-103 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to right to attorney in dependency proceedings, so as to provide for the right to an attorney for any child receiving extended care services from the Division of Family and Children Services; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: DeKalb County; Board of Education; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act establishing in DeKalb County districts from which members of the county board of education shall be elected, approved April 12, 1963 (Ga. L. 1963, p. 3424), as amended, so as to change the description of the education districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for related matters; to provide effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Irwin County; Board of Commissioners; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating the Board of Commissioners of Irwin County, approved February 16, 1933 (Ga. L. 1933, p. 571), as amended, particularly by an Act approved March 5, 2012 (Ga. L. 2012, p. 4058), so as to change the description of the commissioner districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for related matters; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Coffee County; Board of Commissioners; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act reestablishing the Board of Commissioners of Coffee County, approved April 24, 2013 (Ga. L. 2013, p. 3598), so as to change the description of the commissioner districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Wilcox County; Board of Education; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing for the continuing existence of the Wilcox County School District and the Wilcox County Board of Education, approved March 30, 1989 (Ga. L. 1989, p. 4452), as amended, particularly by an Act approved May 6, 2013 (Ga. L. 2013, p. 4060), so as to change the description of the education districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office for current members; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Baldwin County; Board of Education; provide new district boundaries. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing for the election of the members of the Baldwin County Board of Education, approved April 3, 1972 (Ga. L. 1972, p. 3325), as amended, particularly by an Act approved February 29, 2012 (Ga. L. 2012, p. 3874), so as to provide new district boundaries; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for related matters; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Appling County; Board of Education; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act changing the composition and method of election of the Board of Education of Appling County, approved February 2, 1988 (Ga. L. 1988, p. 3529), as amended, so as to change the description of the education districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for compensation of the board; to provide for the continuation in office of current members; to provide for related matters; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Wayne County; Board of Education; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing for the Board of Education of Wayne County, approved January 28, 1994 (Ga. L. 1994, p. 3512), as amended, particularly by an Act approved March 27, 2012 (Ga. L. 2012, p. 4554), so as to change the description of the education districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for staggered terms for members of the board of education; to provide for method of election; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Putnam County; Board of Education; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to change the method of electing members for the Board of Education of Putnam County, approved March 27, 1972 (Ga. L. 1972, p. 2678), as amended, particularly by an Act approved February 15, 2012 (Ga. L. 2012, p. 3558), so as to change the description of the education districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for election and terms of office of subsequent members; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Forsyth County; Board of Commissioners; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating a board of commissioners of Forsyth County, approved June 30, 1964 (Ga. L. 1964 Ex. Sess., p. 2225), as amended, particularly by an Act approved September 21, 2011 (Ga. L. 2011 Ex. Sess., p. 344), so as to change the description of the commissioner districts; to define certain terms and provide for certain inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for related matters; to provide effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Sumter County; Board of Commissioners; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating the Board of Commissioners of Roads and Revenues in the Counties of Floyd, Berrien, Effingham, Schley, Sumter, and Greene, approved December 13, 1871 (Ga. L. 1871, p. 225), as amended, particularly by an Act approved September 21, 2011 (Ga. L. 2011 Ex. Sess., p. 287), so as to change the description of the commissioner districts of Sumter County; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for effective dates; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Forsyth County; Board of Education; revise districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing for the Forsyth County Board of Education, approved March 24, 1992 (Ga. L. 1992, p. 5052), as amended, particularly by an Act approved September 21, 2011 (Ga. L. 2011 Ex. Sess., p. 352), so as to revise the districts for the election of members of the board of education; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for method of election; to provide for related matters; to provide effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Camden County; Board of Education; provide new district boundaries. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing for the Board of Education of Camden County, approved March 30, 1987 (Ga. L. 1987, p. 4943), as amended, particularly by an Act approved March 5, 2012 (Ga. L. 2012, p. 3955), so as to provide new district boundaries; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for related matters; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Quitman County; Board of Education; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act reconstituting the Board of Education of Quitman County, approved March 16, 1994 (Ga. L. 1994, p. 3689), as amended, so as to change the description of the education districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: DeKalb County; Board of Commissioners; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act establishing the form of government of DeKalb County and fixing the powers and duties of the officers constituting the governing authority of DeKalb County, approved April 9, 1981 (Ga. L. 1981, p. 4304), as amended, so as to change the description of commissioner districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for election and terms of office of subsequent members; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Emanuel County; Board of Education; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing for the composition and election of the Board of Education of Emanuel County, approved April 12, 1982 (Ga. L. 1982, p. 4049), as amended, particularly by an Act approved May 2, 2017 (Ga. L. 2017, p. 3599), so as to change the description of the education districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for election and terms of office of subsequent members; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Chattooga County; Board of Education; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing for the election of members of the board of education of Chattooga County, approved April 25, 2002 (Ga. L. 2002, p. 4723), as amended, so as to change the description of the education districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for related matters; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Marion County; Board of Education; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to reconstitute the Board of Education of Marion County, approved April 8, 2002 (Ga. L. 2002, p. 3794), as amended, so as to change the description of the education districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for election and terms of office of subsequent members; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Schley County; Board of Education; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing for the Board of Education of Schley County, approved March 4, 1977 (Ga. L. 1977, p. 2955), as amended, so as to change the description of education districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Schley County; Board of Commissioners; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing for the election of the Board of Commissioners of Schley County, approved February 5, 1951 (Ga. L. 1951, p. 2229), as amended, so as to change the description of the commissioner districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Grady County; Board of Education; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating a new board of education of Grady County, approved March 5, 1968 (Ga. L. 1968, p. 2120), as amended, particularly by an Act approved March 13, 2012 (Ga. L. 2012, p. 4268), so as to change the description of the education districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for related matters; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ware County; Board of Education; revise districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act reconstituting the Board of Education of Ware County, approved September 18, 1991 (Ga. L. 1991, Ex. Sess., p. 445), as amended, particularly by an Act approved April 5, 2012 (Ga. L. 2012, p. 4747), so as to revise the districts for the election of members of the board of education; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for method of election; to provide for related matters; to provide effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dougherty County; Board of Education; reconstitute and change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating the Dougherty County school system, approved February 5, 1951 (Ga. L. 1951, p. 2233), as amended, so as to reconstitute the board of education; to change the description of the education districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of certain current board members; to provide effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Terrell County; Board of Commissioners; revise districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating a Board of Commissioners of Terrell County, approved February 28, 1966 (Ga. L. 1966, p. 2610), as amended, particularly by an Act approved February 27, 2012 (Ga. L. 2012, p. 3683), so as to revise the districts for the election of members of the board of commissioners; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for related matters; to provide effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Miller County; Board of Education; provide new district boundaries. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act changing the method of selecting the members of the Board of Education of Miller County, approved March 21, 1968 (Ga. L. 1968, p. 2529), as amended, particularly by an Act approved February 28, 2020 (Ga. L. 2020, p. 3501), so as to provide new district boundaries; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for related matters; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Miller County; Board of Commissioners; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating the Board of Commissioners of Miller County, approved March 29, 1983 (Ga. L. 1983, p. 4594), as amended, particularly by an Act approved February 28, 2020 (Ga. L. 2020, p. 3505), to change the description of the commissioner districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ware County; Board of Commissioners; change district boundaries. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating a board of commissioners for Ware County, approved March 15, 1963 (Ga. L. 1963, p. 2237), as amended, particularly by an Act approved May 13, 2008 (Ga. L. 2008, p. 4159), so as to change the boundaries of the commissioner districts; to provide for certain definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for effective dates; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Clayton County; Board of Commissioners; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating the Clayton County Board of Commissioners, approved February 8, 1955 (Ga. L. 1955, p. 2064), as amended, so as to change the description of the commissioner districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for related matters; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Randolph County; Board of Education; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act reconstituting the Board of Education of Randolph County, approved February 28, 1994 (Ga. L. 1994, p. 3575), as amended, particularly by an Act approved September 21, 2011 (Ga. L. 2011 Ex. Sess., p. 392), so as to change the description of the education districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for related matters; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Randolph County; Board of Commissioners; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating the Board of Commissioners of Randolph County, approved February 13, 1935 (Ga. L. 1935, p. 778), as amended, particularly by an Act approved September 21, 2011 (Ga. L. 2011 Ex. Sess., p. 397), so as to change the description of the commissioner districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for related matters; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Terrell County; Board of Education; revise districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act reconstituting the Board of Education of Terrell County, approved April 13, 2004 (Ga. L. 2004, p. 3555), as amended, particularly by an Act approved February 27, 2012 (Ga. L. 2012, p. 3729), so as to revise the districts for the election of members of the board of education; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for related matters; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Appling County; Board of Commissioners; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating the Board of Commissioners of Appling County, approved February 12, 1945 (Ga. L. 1945, p. 650), as amended, so as to change the description of the commissioner districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for the continuation in office of current members; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Atkinson County; Probate Court; authorize collection of technology fee. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to authorize the assessment and collection of a technology fee by the Probate Court of Atkinson County; to identify the authorized uses of said technology fee; to provide for the maintenance of said technology fee funds; to provide for the termination of said technology fee and dedication of residual funds to technology uses; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Property; covenants which infringe upon owners' right to display United States and Georgia flags; prohibit. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 44 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to property, so as to prohibit covenants for a planned subdivision and a property owners' association which infringe upon a lot owner's right to display the United States and Georgia flags; to provide for applicability; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: City of Bloomingdale Community Improvement Districts Act; create. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide for the creation of one or more community improvement districts in the City of Bloomingdale; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: State government; antisemitism; provide definition. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 1 of Title 50 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to general provisions relative to state government, so as to provide for the definition of antisemitism; to require state agencies and departments to consider such definition when determining whether an alleged act was motivated by discriminatory antisemitic intent; to provide for limitations and construction; to provide legislative findings; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Local government; appointment and removal of municipal court judges; revise provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 1 of Chapter 32 of Title 36 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to municipal courts generally, so as to revise provisions related to appointment and removal of municipal court judges; to provide for vacancies in office; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Community Health, Department of; statistical reports data relating to state health plans be posted on department website; require. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 2 of Title 31 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the Department of Community Health, so as to require that statistical reports containing data relating to state health plans be posted on the department website; to provide for a definition; to provide for content of the reports; to provide for statutory construction; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Controlled substances; certain persons to carry prescription medications in a compartmentalized container; authorize. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 3 of Chapter 13 of Title 16 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to dangerous drugs, so as to authorize certain persons with a chronic disease and certain persons over 65 years of age to carry prescription medications in a compartmentalized medication container; to provide for conditions and requirements; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Revenue and taxation; county tax commissioner duties; revise provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 6 of Chapter 5 of Title 48 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to municipal taxation, so as to revise provisions concerning the duties of county tax commissioners with respect to the assessment and collection of municipal taxes and fees; to provide for terms and conditions; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date and applicability; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Quality Basic Education Act; recess for students in kindergarten and grades one through five; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Part 15 of Article 6 of Chapter 2 of Title 20 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to miscellaneous provisions under the "Quality Basic Education Act," so as to provide for recess for students in kindergarten and grades one through five; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Washington County; Board of Commissioners; revise member districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating the Board of Commissioners of Washington County, approved August 20, 1913 (Ga. L. 1913, p. 452), as amended, particularly by an Act approved May 6, 2013 (Ga. L. 2013, p. 4169), so as to revise the districts for the election of members of the board of commissioners; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Muscogee County; Board of Education; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating the Muscogee County School District, approved February 25, 1949 (Ga. L. 1949, p. 1086), as amended, so as to change the description of the education districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for related matters; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Washington County; Board of Education; revise member districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to reconstitute the Washington County Board of Education, approved April 5, 1993 (Ga. L. 1993, p. 4652), as amended, particularly by an Act approved May 6, 2013 (Ga. L. 2013, p. 4153), so as to revise the districts for the election of members of the board of education; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for related matters; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Upson County; Board of Commissioners; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating a board of commissioners of roads and revenues of Upson County, approved February 1, 1877 (Ga. L. 1877, p. 267), as amended, particularly by an Act approved February 27, 2012 (Ga. L. 2012, p. 3803), so as to change the description of the commissioner districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: State Employees' Assurance Department; assignment of certain group term life insurance benefits; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 19 of Title 47 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the State Employees' Assurance Department, so as to provide for the assignment of certain group term life insurance benefits to pay for funeral services of a deceased individual who was a member of the Employees' Retirement System of Georgia, Georgia Legislative Retirement System, or Georgia Judicial Retirement System; to provide for a definition; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Sales and use tax; exemption for sale or lease of computer equipment of high-technology companies; revise spending threshold and extend sunset date. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 48-8-3 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to exemptions from sales and use tax, so as to revise the spending threshold and extend the sunset date for a sales tax exemption for the sale or lease of computer equipment to be incorporated into facilities of high-technology companies; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date and applicability; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Education; prohibit students who participate in 4-H sponsored activities or programs from being counted as absent from school. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 20 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to education, so as to prohibit students who participate in 4-H sponsored activities or programs from being counted as absent from school, subject to certain conditions; to provide for such conditions; to provide for related matters; to provide for a definition; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Property; timing of sending notice when an abandoned mobile home has been determined to be derelict; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 44-7-113 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to government agent to assess abandoned mobile home, lien on intact mobile home, derelict mobile homes, notice, and governmental immunity, so as to provide for the timing of sending notice by a landowner when an abandoned mobile home has been determined to be derelict; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Quality Basic Education Act; group of performance evaluation ratings; remove needs development rating. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Part 6 of Article 6 of Chapter 2 of Title 20 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to employment under the "Quality Basic Education Act," so as to remove the needs development rating from the group of performance evaluation ratings which may adversely impact an educator's ability to obtain a renewable certificate from the Georgia Professional Standards Commission; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Insurance; discount for property owners who build a new property that better resists tornado and catastrophic windstorm events; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 32 of Title 33 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to property insurance, so as to provide an insurance premium discount or reduction for home or commercial property owners who build a new home or commercial property that better resists tornado or other catastrophic windstorm events; to provide for applicability; to provide for definitions; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Elbert County; Probate Court judge also serves as chief magistrate judge of Magistrate Court; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide that the judge of the Probate Court of Elbert County shall also serve as the chief magistrate judge of the Magistrate Court of Elbert County on and after January 1, 2023; to provide for the continuation in office and expiration of term of the current chief magistrate judge; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jasper County; Water and Sewer Authority; revise membership. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to create the Jasper County Water and Sewer Authority, approved April 16, 1999 (Ga. L. 1999, p. 4595), so as to revise the membership of the authority; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Income tax; one-time tax credit for taxpayers who filed returns for both 2020 and 2021 taxable years; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 7 of Title 48 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to income taxes, so as to provide for a one-time tax credit for individual taxpayers who filed income tax returns for both the 2020 and 2021 taxable years; to provide for a definition; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Education; transition a pilot program for elementary agricultural education to an ongoing program. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Part 3 of Article 6 of Chapter 2 of Title 20 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to educational programs, so as to transition a pilot program for elementary agricultural education to an ongoing program; to require schools to employ an agricultural education teacher; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Caregivers Act; create. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 31 of the O.C.G.A., relating to health, so as to create the "Georgia Caregivers Act"; to provide for definitions; to require hospitals to provide patients with the opportunity to identify lay caregivers; to provide that named lay caregivers are not obligated to provide aftercare; to provide that no new private right of action is created; to provide for statutory construction; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Georgia Utility Facility Protection Act; revise. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 25 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to fire protection and safety, so as to revise the "Georgia Utility Facility Protection Act" to require an excavator that strikes or damages a utility facility that carries gas or hazardous liquid to alert emergency services; to provide for definitions; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Insurance; allow plan sponsor to consent on behalf of an enrollee to electronic delivery of all communication. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 24 of Title 33 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to insurance generally, so as to allow a plan sponsor of a health benefit plan to consent on behalf of an enrollee to the electronic delivery of all communications related to the plan; to allow the enrollee an opportunity to refuse to agree to receive mailings electronically; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date and applicability; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lanier County; Probate Court; authorize collection of technology fee. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to authorize the assessment and collection of a technology fee by the Probate Court of Lanier County; to identify the authorized uses of said technology fee; to provide for the maintenance of said technology fee funds; to provide for the termination of said technology fee and dedication of residual funds to technology uses; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Berrien County; Board of Education; provide compensation of members. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating the Board of Education of Berrien County, approved April 5, 1971 (Ga. L. 1971, p. 3044), as amended, so as to provide for the compensation of the members of the board of education; to provide for related matters; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Atkinson County; Board of Commissioners; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating the office of Commissioner of Roads and Revenues in the County of Atkinson (now the Board of Commissioners of Atkinson County), approved July 23, 1931 (Ga. L. 1931, p. 380), as amended, particularly by an Act approved March 13, 2012 (Ga. L. 2012, p. 4395), so as to change the description of the commissioner districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Upson County; Board of Education; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to provide for the merger and consolidation of the existing Upson County School System and the existing City of Thomaston Independent School System into a single county-wide school system, approved March 13, 1990 (Ga. L. 1990, p. 3794), as amended, so as to change the description of the education districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for related matters; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Atkinson County; Board of Education; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act reconstituting the Board of Education of Atkinson County, approved April 5, 1993 (Ga. L. 1993, p. 4771), as amended, particularly by an Act approved March 13, 2012 (Ga. L. 2012, p. 4400), so as to change the description of the education districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Georgia Student Finance Authority; provide for Georgia LEO Scholarship grant. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Part 3 of Article 7 of Chapter 3 of Title 20 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to Georgia Student Finance Authority, so as to provide for the Georgia LEO Scholarship grant; to provide for definitions; to provide for qualifications and procedures; to provide for rules and regulations; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Revenue and taxation; Internal Revenue Code and Internal Revenue Code of 1986; define terms and incorporate certain provisions of federal law into Georgia law. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 48 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to revenue and taxation, so as to revise the terms "Internal Revenue Code" and "Internal Revenue Code of 1986" and thereby incorporate certain provisions of the federal law into Georgia law; to revise provisions for granting the extension of time for returns; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date and applicability; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Upson County; ad valorem tax for county purposes; provide homestead exemption. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide a homestead exemption from Upson County ad valorem taxes for county purposes in the amount of $14,000.00 of the assessed value of the homestead for residents of that county who are 65 years of age or older; to provide for definitions; to specify the terms and conditions of the exemption and the procedures relating thereto; to provide for applicability; to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to provide for related matters; to provide for a referendum, effective dates, and automatic repeal; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Health and insurance; clarify that the prudent layperson standard is not affected by the diagnoses given. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 11 of Title 31 and Title 33 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to emergency medical services and insurance, respectively, so as to clarify that the prudent layperson standard is not affected by the diagnoses given; to provide for unfair claims settlement practices; to provide for legislative findings; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Upson County; ad valorem tax for county purposes; provide homestead exemption. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide a homestead exemption from Upson County ad valorem taxes for county purposes in the amount of $22,000.00 of the assessed value of the homestead for residents of that county who are 62 years of age or older and disabled; to provide for definitions; to specify the terms and conditions of the exemption and the procedures relating thereto; to provide for applicability; to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to provide for related matters; to provide for a referendum, effective dates, and automatic repeal; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Upson County; ad valorem tax for county purposes; provide homestead exemption. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide a homestead exemption from Upson County ad valorem taxes for county purposes in the amount of $10,000 of the assessed value of that homestead; to provide for definitions; to specify the terms and conditions of the exemption and the procedures relating thereto; to provide for applicability; to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to provide for related matters; to provide for a referendum, effective dates, and automatic repeal; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Upson County; ad valorem tax for county purposes; provide homestead exemption. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide a homestead exemption from Upson County ad valorem taxes for county purposes in the amount of $12,000.00 of the assessed value of the homestead for residents of that county who are 62 years of age or older; to provide for definitions; to specify the terms and conditions of the exemption and the procedures relating thereto; to provide for applicability; to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to provide for related matters; to provide for a referendum, effective dates, and automatic repeal; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Upson County; school district ad valorem tax; increase homestead exemption. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to provide a homestead exemption of $10,000.00 from all Upson County ad valorem taxes, including taxes to retire bonded indebtedness but excluding ad valorem taxes for the Upson County School District, for each resident of Upson County who is disabled if his adjusted gross income, together with the adjusted gross income of his spouse who also occupies and resides at such homestead, does not exceed $10,000.00, approved March 10, 1988 (Ga. L. 1988, p. 3821), so as to increase the amount of such homestead exemption to $20,000.00 subject to adjusted base year value; to provide for related matters; to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to provide for a referendum, effective dates, and automatic repeal; to provide for applicability; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Georgia Music and Theatre Jobs Recovery Act; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 2 of Chapter 7 of Title 48 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to imposition, rate, computation, exemptions, and credits from state income tax, so as to provide that all expenditures of a production company's state certified productions may be combined to meet spending thresholds; to lower spending thresholds; to increase the value of the tax credit; to provide for transferability of the tax credit; to provide for conditions and limitations; to revise a definition; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date and applicability; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: State Employment Service and the Employment Security Administration Fund; change certain provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 34 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to labor and industrial relations, so as to change certain provisions relating to the State Employment Service and the Employment Security Administration Fund; to provide for a definition; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Holidays and observances; provide for Public Safety Week. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 4 of Title 1 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to holidays and observances, so as to provide for Public Safety Week; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Glennville, City of; change description of wards. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to provide a new charter for the City of Glennville, approved May 8, 2018 (Ga. L. 2018, p. 4003), so as to change the description of the wards; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for the continuation in office of current members; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Pike County; Board of Education; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing for the election of members of the Board of Education of Pike County, approved April 18, 1967 (Ga. L. 1967, p. 3152), as amended, particularly by an Act approved February 27, 2012 (Ga. L. 2012, p. 3793), so as to change the description of the education districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for the continuation in office of current members; to provide for related matters; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Military; requirement of adjutant general to publish personal information of commissioned officers of the organized militia; eliminate. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 38-2-151 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to adjutant general duties, records, seal, and effect of seal on documentary evidence, so as to eliminate the requirement of the adjutant general to publish personal information of commissioned officers of the organized militia; to eliminate the requirement of the adjutant general to print and distribute laws and regulations regarding the organized militia; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Public officers and employees; updated language regarding spouses of armed forces service members; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 45-2-9 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to state agencies not to discriminate in employment against servicemen's wives, so as to provide for updated language regarding spouses of armed forces service members; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Courts; clerks of superior courts; provide for construction. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 2 of Chapter 6 of Title 15 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to clerks of superior courts, so as to provide for construction; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Georgia Smoke-free Air Act; revise. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 12 of Title 16 of the O.C.G.A., relating to offenses against public health and morals, so as to provide that vaping in restricted areas is a misdemeanor punishable by fine; to amend Chapter 1A of Title 20 of the O.C.G.A., relating to early care and learning, so as to provide that operators of early care and education programs shall post signs prohibiting vaping; to amend Chapter 12A of Title 31 of the O.C.G.A., relating to smoke-free air, so as to revise the short title; to prohibit vaping in designated smoke-free areas; to provide for exemptions; to provide that "No Smoking" signs may include the words "or Vaping"; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Natural Resources, Department of; attempt to prevent net loss of land acreage available for hunting on state owned lands; extend date. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 27-1-3 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to legislative declarations, ownership and custody of wildlife, preservation of hunting and fishing opportunities, promotion and right to hunt, trap, or fish, local regulation, and general offenses, so as to extend the date on which the Department of Natural Resources shall attempt to prevent net loss of land acreage available for hunting opportunities on department managed state owned lands; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Wills, trusts, and administration of estates; executors to send notices to beneficiaries regarding filing of petitions to probate wills; require. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 1 of Chapter 5 of Title 53 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to probate of wills, trusts, and administration of estates, generally, so as to require executors to send notices to beneficiaries regarding the filing of petitions to probate wills; to render unlawful the provision by executors of false information; to require judges of probate courts to verify such notices; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Community Health, Department of; pharmacy benefits management for Medicaid program; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 7 of Chapter 4 of Title 49 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to Medicaid assistance generally, so as to provide for pharmacy benefits management for the Medicaid program to be conducted by the Department of Community Health after a date certain; to provide for a cost calculation; to provide for submission of a waiver if necessary; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Property; provide for handling of certain wills. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 5 of Chapter 12 of Title 44 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to disposition of unclaimed property, so as to provide for the handling of certain wills; to provide for definitions; to provide for administrative expenses of the commissioner; to provide for a claimant's designated representative; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Wrongful Conviction Compensation Act; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 4 of Chapter 5 of Title 28 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the Claims Advisory Board, so as to create the Wrongful Conviction Compensation Review Panel; to provide for a short title; to provide for applicability; to provide for definitions; to provide for the composition of such panel; to provide for the burden of proof and evidence to be considered by such panel; to provide for evaluation of claims by such panel; to provide for notice of claims, forms, and hearings; to provide for such panel to make recommendations to such board; to provide for the deduction of monetary awards from sums recommended by such panel; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Childhood Lead Exposure Control Act; revise. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 41 of Title 31 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to lead poisoning prevention, so as to update provisions to comport with nationally recognized guidelines; to revise definitions; to revise provisions relating to abatement of lead poisoning hazards; to expand written advisement requirements; to expand applicability of provisions; to provide for related matters; to provide for a funding contingency; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Professional Standards Commission; standards and procedures for certification programs; provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 20-2-984, relating to the Professional Standards Commission's authority to create and implement standards and procedures for certifying educational personnel, recommending standards and procedures for certification, continuation of teaching certificates, and restrictions, so as to provide that the commission's standards and procedures for certification programs shall be neutral with respect to whether such programs are provided by for profit or not for profit entities and shall consider accredited teacher programs outside of this state; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Chairman John Meadows Act; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 1 of Chapter 3 of Title 12 of the O.C.G.A., relating to general provisions regarding parks, historic areas, memorials, and recreation, so as to revise provisions of law regarding the use or possession of any handgun in a park, historic site, or recreational area; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Civil practice; Attorney General is to be served and heard in defense of all Acts of the General Assembly when challenged in any court action; clarify. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 9 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to civil practice, so as to clarify that the Attorney General is to be served and heard in defense of all Acts of the General Assembly when challenged in any court action, not just statutes; to provide for the Attorney General to be a party as a matter of right; to provide for an effective date and applicability; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Irwin County; Board of Education; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act reconstituting the Board of Education of Irwin County, approved February 15, 1993 (Ga. L. 1993, p. 3757), as amended, particularly by an Act approved March 5, 2012 (Ga. L. 2012, p. 4064), so as to change the description of the education districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members and election of subsequent members; to provide for related matters; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Domestic relations; dating violence protective orders; revise a definition. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 13A of Title 19 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to dating violence protective orders, so as to revise a definition; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Macon County; Board of Education; revise member districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing for the board of education for the Macon County School District, approved March 27, 1985 (Ga. L. 1985, p. 4112), as amended, particularly by an Act approved September 21, 2011 (Ga. L. 2011 Ex. Sess., p. 498), so as to revise the districts for the election of members of the board of education; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for related matters; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cobb County; State Court; change compensation of judges. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating the State Court of Cobb County, approved March 26, 1964 (Ga. L. 1964, p. 3211), as amended, particularly by an Act approved June 30, 2020 (Ga. L. 2020, p. 3869), so as to change the compensation of judges of the State Court of Cobb County; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Coffee County; Board of Education; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act establishing a board of education of Coffee County, approved March 10, 1970 (Ga. L. 1970, p. 2441), as amended, particularly by an Act approved March 13, 2012 (Ga. L. 2012, p. 4219), so as to change the description of the education districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for election and terms of office of subsequent members; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Macon County; Board of Commissioners; revise member districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating a board of commissioners for Macon County, approved August 26, 1872 (Ga. L. 1872, p. 434), as amended, particularly by an Act approved September 21, 2011 (Ga. L. 2011 Ex. Sess., p. 504), so as to revise the districts for the election of members of the board of commissioners; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for related matters; to provide effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Walker County; Board of Education; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing for the election of the members of the Board of Education of Walker County, approved March 8, 1968 (Ga. L. 1968, p. 2235), as amended, so as to change the descriptions of the education districts; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for related matters; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Miller County; Board of Elections and Registration; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide for a board of elections and registration for Miller County; to provide for its powers, duties, and responsibilities; to provide for the composition of the board and a method for selection, resignation, and removal of its members and for filling vacancies; to provide for the qualifications, terms, succession, and compensation of members; to provide for definitions; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Liberty County; levy an excise tax. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to authorize the governing authority of Liberty County to levy an excise tax pursuant to subsection (b) of Code Section 48-13-51 of the O.C.G.A.; to provide for procedures, conditions, and limitations; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Rural Health Advancement Commission; create. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 1 of Title 31 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to general provisions regarding health, so as to provide for the creation of the Rural Health Advancement Commission; to provide for purpose, membership, terms, meetings, expenses, and powers; to provide for reporting; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Utility Facility Protection Act; revise provisions and short title. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 25 of the O.C.G.A., relating to fire protection and safety, so as to revise the provisions and short title of Chapter 9, the "Georgia Utility Facility Protection Act"; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Income tax; equitable relief regarding failure of employers to comply with revenue provisions regarding employees; authorize private causes of action. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 1 of Chapter 7 of Title 48 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to general provisions relative to income taxes, so as to authorize private causes of action for equitable relief regarding the failure of employers to comply with revenue provisions regarding employees; to provide for attorneys' fees; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Local government; water and sewer authority board members to complete yearly continuing training courses; require. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 80 of Title 36 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to general provisions applicable to counties, municipal corporations, and other governmental entities, so as to require water and sewer authority board members to complete yearly continuing training courses; to make such courses a prerequisite for Georgia Environmental Finance Authority funding; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Local government; require directors to do yearly continuing education. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 36-62A-21 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to required training on development and redevelopment programs, so as to require directors to do yearly continuing education; to make such continuing education a prerequisite for OneGeorgia Authority funding; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Fair Employment Practices Act of 1978; hearing before an administrative law judge; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 2 of Chapter 19 of Title 45 of the O.C.G.A., relating to the "Fair Employment Practices Act of 1978," so as to provide for hearing before an administrative law judge; to provide for a conforming cross-reference; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Buildings and housing; amend Georgia state minimum standard codes to authorize certain uses of ungraded lumber; require. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 8-2-23 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to amendment and revision of codes generally, so as to require the department to amend the Georgia state minimum standard codes to authorize certain uses of ungraded lumber; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Legislative and Congressional Reapportionment Office; revise annexation reporting requirements. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 36 of Title 36 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to annexation of territory, so as to revise annexation reporting requirements to require the provision of reports to the Legislative and Congressional Reapportionment Office of the General Assembly; to require the submission of a digital shapefile with such reports; to provide for regional commissions to assist certain municipalities in the production of such digital files; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Motor vehicles and traffic; suspension for failure to pay a civil penalty for a violation of overtaking a school bus or speeding in a school zone; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 40 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to motor vehicles and traffic, so as to provide for the suspension of a motor vehicle registration upon failure to pay a civil monetary penalty for a violation of overtaking a school bus or speeding in a school zone captured by recorded images; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Civil practice; alternative procedure for designation of official legal organ; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 9-13-142 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the requirements of an official legal organ, so as to provide an alternative procedure for the designation of the official legal organ; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Labor and industrial relations; right of action against a county or city employer for retaliation; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 5 of Title 34 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to sex discrimination in employment, so as to provide for a right of action against a county or city employer for retaliation; to provide for definitions; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Criminal procedure; compensation for public defenders and assistant public defenders; revise. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 2 of Chapter 12 of Title 17 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to public defenders, so as to revise the compensation of public defenders and assistant public defenders; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Georgia Municipal Court Clerks' Council; create. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 32 of Title 36 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to municipal courts, so as to create the Georgia Municipal Court Clerks' Council; to provide for definitions; to provide for the membership, powers, and duties of the council; to provide for funding of the council; to provide for the status of the council and its members; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Liberty County; Board of Education; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating the Board of Education of Liberty County, approved February 10, 1986 (Ga. L. 1986, p. 3542), as amended, particularly by an Act approved March 13, 2012 (Ga. L. 2012, p. 4238), so as to change the description of the education districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Covington, City of; ad valorem tax; municipal purposes; provide homestead exemption. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide a homestead exemption from City of Covington ad valorem taxes for municipal purposes in the amount of $10,000.00 of the assessed value of the homestead for residents of that city; to provide for definitions; to specify the terms and conditions of the exemption and the procedures relating thereto; to provide for applicability; to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to provide for a referendum, effective dates, and automatic repeal; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Locust Grove, City of; ad valorem tax; municipal purposes; provide homestead exemption. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide a homestead exemption from City of Locust Grove ad valorem taxes for municipal purposes in the amount of 100 percent of the assessed value of the homestead for residents of that city; to provide for definitions; to specify the terms and conditions of the exemption and the procedures relating thereto; to provide for applicability; to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to provide for a referendum, effective dates, and automatic repeal; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Community Health, Department of; submit waiver request to the federal Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services to authorize private institutions for mental disease to qualify for Medicaid reimbursement. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 7 of Chapter 4 of Title 49 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to medical assistance generally, so as to direct the Department of Community Health to submit a waiver request to the federal Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services to authorize private institutions for mental disease to qualify for Medicaid reimbursement; to provide for implementation upon approval; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: The Zoning Procedures Law; revise. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 36 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to local governments, so as to revise "The Zoning Procedures Law"; to revise provisions related to judicial review of zoning decisions; to revise definitions; to provide for requirements for zoning decisions by boards or agencies using delegated powers; to require review procedures for decisions made by boards or agencies using delegated powers; to provide for judicial review of zoning decisions; to require certain designations relating to appeals of quasi-judicial decisions; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dougherty County; levy an excise tax. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to authorize the governing authority of Dougherty County to levy an excise tax pursuant to subsection (b) of Code Section 48-13-51 of the O.C.G.A.; to provide for procedures, conditions, and limitations; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Zoning; changes to ordinances that revise single-family residential classifications; provide additional notice and hearing provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 36-66-4 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to hearings on proposed zoning decisions, notice of hearing, nongovernmental initiated actions, reconsideration of defeated actions, and procedure on zoning for property annexed into municipality, so as to provide additional notice and hearing provisions for changes to zoning ordinances that revise single-family residential classifications and definition so as to authorize multifamily residential property uses; to provide for related matters; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dawson, City of; increase terms of office for future mayors and councilmembers to four years. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to provide a new charter for the City of Dawson, approved April 2, 2019 (Ga. L. 2019, p. 3536), so as to increase the terms of office for future mayors and councilmembers to four years; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Shellman, City of; selection of mayor pro tempore; revise provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to provide a new charter for the City of Shellman, approved April 19, 2000 (Ga. L. 2000, p. 4412), as amended, so as to revise provisions related to selection of the mayor pro tempore; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Labor and industrial relations; workers' compensation benefits; change certain provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 9 of Title 34 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to workers' compensation, so as to change certain provisions related to workers' compensation benefits; to increase the compensation benefits for total disability and temporary partial disability; to increase the total compensation payable to a surviving spouse as a sole dependent at the time of death; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Putnam County; State Court; district attorney shall represent the state in all criminal prosecutions and perform the duties of solicitor-general; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to revise, modernize, and consolidate the provisions of local law relating to the State Court of Putnam County (formerly the County Court of Putnam County), approved April 4, 1997 (Ga. L. 1997, p. 3839), as amended, so as to provide that on and after January 1, 2023, the district attorney of the judicial circuit within which Putnam County is located shall represent the state in all criminal prosecutions brought in the State Court of Putnam County and shall perform the duties of the office of solicitor-general of the state court; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Greene County; qualifications for participation in health insurance program; clarify. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to provide that certain officials of Greene County who have served at least 15 years in office may, upon leaving, continue to participate in the county health insurance program for themselves and their dependents by paying the total cost of such participation, approved May 16, 2007 (Ga. L. 2007, p. 3664), as amended, so as to clarify the qualifications for participation in such health insurance program; to provide that certain officials of Greene County who have served at least 25 years in office may, upon leaving, continue to participate in the county health insurance program for themselves and their dependents with Greene County funding such coverage as it does for active employees; to clarify who is covered under such provisions; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: College Park, City of; ad valorem tax; municipal purposes; provide homestead exemption. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide a homestead exemption from City of College Park ad valorem taxes for municipal purposes in the amount of the full assessed value of the homestead for residents of that city who are 65 years of age or older; to provide for definitions; to specify the terms and conditions of the exemption and the procedures relating thereto; to provide for applicability; to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to provide for a referendum, effective dates, and automatic repeal; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Columbus, City of; tax for public health care purposes; authorize. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing for a new charter for the county-wide government of Columbus, Georgia, approved April 5, 1993 (Ga. L. 1993, p. 4978), as amended, so as authorize a tax for public health care purposes; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Conservation and natural resources; Hazardous Waste Trust Fund; dedicate the proceeds of certain hazardous waste fees. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Part 2 of Article 3 of Chapter 8 of Title 12 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to hazardous site response, so as to dedicate the proceeds of certain hazardous waste fees to the Hazardous Waste Trust Fund as authorized and subject to the conditions imposed by Article III, Section IX, Paragraph VI(r) of the Constitution of Georgia; to provide for related matters; to provide for a contingent effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Georgia Lottery for Education Act; administrative procedures regarding coin operated amusement machines shall be subject to Chapter 13 of Title 50; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 27 of Title 50 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the "Georgia Lottery for Education Act," so as to provide that administrative procedures and actions regarding bona fide coin operated amusement machines shall be subject to Chapter 13 of Title 50; to provide for an effective date; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Medical cannabis; Governor to issue initial Class 1 and Class 2 production licenses for a limited time period; authorize. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 9 of Chapter 12 of Title 16 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to access to medical cannabis, so as to authorize the Governor to issue initial Class 1 and Class 2 production licenses for a limited time period; to provide for automatic repeal; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Code Revision Commission; revise, modernize, correct errors or omissions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, so as to revise, modernize, correct errors or omissions in, and reenact the statutory portion of said Code, as amended, in furtherance of the work of the Code Revision Commission; to repeal portions of said Code, or Acts in amendment thereof, which have become obsolete, have been declared to be unconstitutional, or have been preempted or superseded by subsequent laws; to codify principles of law derived from decisions of the state Supreme Court; to provide for other matters relating to revision, reenactment, and publication of said Code; to provide for effect in event of conflicts; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Crisp County; Board of Education; reconstitute. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to reconstitute the Board of Education of Crisp County; to provide for legislative purpose; to provide for the composition and election of said board; to provide for election districts; to provide for terms of office; to provide for qualifications for office; to provide for vacancies; to repeal specific acts; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: City of Rincon Community Improvement Districts Act; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide for the creation of one or more community improvement districts in the City of Rincon; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dawson County; Board of Elections; provide for appointment of fifth member. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating a board of elections and registration for Dawson County, approved April 23, 1998 (Ga. L. 1998, p. 4680), as amended, so as to provide for the appointment of the fifth member of the board; to conform the appointment process for the other members of the board with state law; to provide for staggered terms of the board; to revise the duties of the election supervisor; to provide for the appointment and duties of a chairperson and secretary of the board; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Criminal Justice Coordinating Council; revise and update composition of advisory board. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 35-6A-11 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to advisory board created and membership relative to the Criminal Justice Coordinating Council, so as to revise and update the composition of the advisory board; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cobb County; office of tax commissioner; change compensation of commissioner and certain employees. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act consolidating the offices of tax collector and tax receiver into the office of tax commissioner of Cobb County, approved February 17, 1949 (Ga. L. 1949, p. 790), as amended, particularly by an Act approved June 29, 2020 (Ga. L. 2020, p. 3588), so as to change the compensation of the tax commissioner and certain employees of such office; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Education; needs based financial aid program; include eligibility for students with a financial aid gap. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Subpart 2A of Part 3 of Article 7 of Chapter 3 of Title 20 of the O.C.G.A., relating to the needs based financial aid program, so as to include eligibility for students with a financial aid gap; to provide for evaluation; to provide for related matters; to provide for automatic repeal; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Income tax; revise rates of taxation on income. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 7 of Title 48 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to income taxes, so as to revise the rates of taxation on income; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date and applicability; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Transportation, Department of; meetings for election of board members; amend notice provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 2 of Title 32 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the Department of Transportation, so as to amend notice provisions relative to meetings for the election of board members; to provide for negotiations in request for proposals relative to public-private partnerships (P3s); to provide for procurement procedures relative to alternative contracting; to amend Code Section 50-18-72 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to when public disclosure not required by a state agency, so as to exempt certain records from public disclosure requirements; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Professions and businesses; exempt a certified peace officer employed as an independent contractor from certain requirements. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 38 of Title 43 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to operators of private detective businesses and private security businesses, so as to exempt a certified peace officer employed by a licensed private detective business or private security business as an independent contractor from requirements of such chapter; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bryan County; board of elections and registration; add two members. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to create a board of elections and registration for Bryan County, approved April 10, 2014 (Ga. L. 2014, p. 4075), so as to add two members to the board; to provide for manner of appointments; to provide for terms of office; to provide for eligibility; to provide for officers; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Mobile food service establishments; operate in county of origin or other counties without an additional permit; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 13 of Chapter 2 of Title 26 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to food service establishments, so as to provide that mobile food service establishments that have active permits may operate in the county of origin and in one or more counties other than its county of origin without obtaining an additional permit; to provide for definitions; to provide for notice to other counties prior to operation; to provide for communication between the county of origin and other counties; to provide for inspections of mobile food service establishments by other counties; to provide for written notice of remedial measures upon failure of an inspection; to provide for violation fines and penalties; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Coweta Judicial Circuit; Superior Court; change supplemental salaries for judges. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing a supplemental salary for the judges of the Superior Court of the Coweta Judicial Circuit, approved December 11, 1953 (Ga. L. 1953, Nov.-Dec. Sess., p. 92), as amended, so as to change the supplemental salaries for such judges; to provide for the apportionment of such supplements among the counties in the circuit; to provide for related matters; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Long County; Board of Commissioners; revise provisions for staggering of terms of office. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to re-create and establish the Board of Commissioners of Long County, approved March 10, 1988 (Ga. L. 1988, p. 3755), as amended, particularly by an Act approved May 3, 2018 (Ga. L. 2018, p. 3604), so as to revise provisions for staggering of terms of office for commissioner districts; to provide for continuation in office; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Brookhaven, City of; levy an excise tax. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to authorize the governing authority of the City of Brookhaven to levy an excise tax pursuant to the authority of subsection (b) of Code Section 48-13-51 of the O.C.G.A., approved May 8, 2017 (Ga. L. 2017, p. 3992), so as to repeal provisions regarding expenditure of funds; to repeal an automatic reversion; to repeal a conditional provision; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Grovetown, City of; Redevelopment Powers Law; provide for a referendum. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to authorize the City of Grovetown, Georgia, to exercise all redevelopment and other powers under Article IX, Section II, Paragraph VII(b) of the Georgia Constitution and Chapter 44 of Title 36 of the O.C.G.A., the "Redevelopment Powers Law," as amended; to provide for a referendum; to provide for effective dates; to provide for automatic repeal under certain circumstances; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Alpha Phi Alpha Day at the state capitol; February 21, 2019; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 21, 2019, as Alpha Phi Alpha Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Georgia Ports Authority; provide for powers of authority. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 2 of Title 52 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to Georgia Ports Authority, so as to provide for powers of the authority; to expand the arrest authority of officers of the Georgia Ports Authority in certain circumstances; to provide for additional powers and duties of such officers; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Local government; annexation of territory; revise provisions relating to dispute resolution. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 36 of Title 36 of the O.C.G.A., relating to annexation of territory, so as to revise provisions relating to dispute resolution; to allow school systems to participate in the dispute resolution process; to require arbitration findings to be sent to the Department of Community Affairs; to provide for regular reports on arbitration findings; to revise per diems for arbitration panel members; to extend the period of a zoning freeze following an arbitration; to revise provisions regarding notice municipalities must provide to counties regarding annexation applications; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Georgia Bureau of Investigation; original jurisdiction to investigate election fraud and election crimes; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 1 of Chapter 3 of Title 35 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to general provisions regarding the Georgia Bureau of Investigation, so as to provide the Georgia Bureau of Investigation with original jurisdiction to investigate election fraud and election crimes; to provide the Georgia Bureau of Investigation with subpoena power to further such investigations; to provide for penalty; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date and applicability; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Mitchell County; Board of Education; change education districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing for the election of the members of the Board of Education of Mitchell County, approved March 4, 1970 (Ga. L. 1970, p. 2239), as amended, so as to change the education districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for the continuation in office for current members; to provide an effective date; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dougherty County; Magistrate Court; impose and collect county law library fees. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to authorize the Magistrate Court of Dougherty County to impose and collect county law library fees as part of the court costs in the magistrate court; to provide for practices and procedures connected therewith; to provide for related matters; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Pendergrass, City of; current mayor and councilmembers; provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act incorporating the Town of Pendergrass, in the County of Jackson, approved December 30, 1890 (Ga. L. 1890-91, Vol. II, p. 681), as amended, particularly by an Act approved April 5, 1994 (Ga. L. 1994, p. 4755), so as to provide for the immediate termination of the terms of office of the current mayor and councilmembers; to provide initial terms for successors to the current mayor and councilmembers; to provide for a referendum, effective dates, and automatic repeal; to provide for a special election to elect a new mayor and councilmembers; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jefferson, City of; fully replace current charter. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing a new charter for the City of Jefferson, approved April 13, 2001 (Ga. L. 2001, p. 3940), as amended, so as to fully replace the current charter; to provide for eminent domain; to provide for other matters relative to the foregoing; to provide for severability; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Gilmer County; levy an excise tax. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to authorize the governing authority of Gilmer County to levy an excise tax pursuant to subsection (b) of Code Section 48-13-51 of the O.C.G.A.; to provide for procedures, conditions, and limitations; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Stephens County; Board of Education; revise districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to divide the County of Stephens into school districts, approved March 23, 1977 (Ga. L. 1977, p. 3875), as amended, so as to revise the districts for the election of members of the board of education; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for manner of election; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for related matters; to provide effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Kennesaw, City of; corporate limits; change provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing a new charter for the City of Kennesaw, approved May 6, 2013 (Ga. L. 2013, p. 4234), as amended, so as to change provisions relating to the corporate limits of the city; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dawson, Canah; Loganville High School's 2019 STAR Student; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Canah Dawson, Loganville High School's 2019 STAR Student; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Elbert County; board of elections and registration; create. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to create a board of elections and registration for Elbert County; to provide for related matters; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Colbert, City of; staggered, four-year terms for mayor and councilmembers; revise provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to amend, consolidate, and supersede the several Acts incorporating the City of Colbert, approved February 14, 1950 (Ga. L. 1950, p. 2417), as amended, particularly by an Act approved May 6, 2005 (Ga. L. 2005, p. 3909), and an Act approved April 30, 2013 (Ga. L. 2013, p. 3994), so as to revise provisions regarding staggered, four-year terms of office for the mayor and councilmembers; to designate city council posts; to provide for manner of election; to provide for continuation in office of the current mayor and councilmembers; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Motor vehicles and traffic; electronic submission of certificates of title to Department of Revenue by motor vehicle dealers; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 40-3-33 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to transfer of vehicle to or from dealer, records to be kept by dealers, electronic filing, and application for title where dealer located, so as to provide for the submission of certificates of title to the Department of Revenue by motor vehicle dealers; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: State Board of Registration for Foresters; independent state agency; provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Part 2 of Article 1 of Chapter 6 of Title 12 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the practice of professional forestry, so as to provide that the State Board of Registration for Foresters is an independent state agency attached to the State Forestry Commission for administrative purposes only; to require confirmation of the Senate for members of the State Board of Registration for Foresters appointed by the Governor; to authorize the board to issue cease and desist orders and issue additional penalties for violations; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Motor vehicles; standards for issuance of dealer license plates; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 40-2-38 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to registration and licensing of manufacturers, distributors, and dealers and issuance of manufacturer, manufacturer headquarters, distributor, and dealer plates, so as to provide for standards for issuance of dealer license plates; to provide for automatic repeal; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Education; eligibility criteria for project specific capital outlay grants for low-wealth schools systems; revise. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 20-2-262 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to low-wealth capital outlay grants to local school systems and criteria for eligibility, so as to revise the eligibility criteria for project specific capital outlay grants for low-wealth school systems; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Professions and businesses; licensure by endorsement in social work; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 1 of Chapter 10A of Title 43 of the O.C.G.A., relating to licensing provisions regarding professional counselors, social workers, and marriage and family therapists, so as to provide for licensure by endorsement in social work; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Social services; three-year pilot program to provide coverage for the diagnosis and treatment of PANDAS and PANS under Medicaid; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 7 of Chapter 4 of Title 49 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to medical assistance generally, so as to provide for a three-year pilot program to provide coverage for the diagnosis and treatment of pediatric autoimmune neuropsychiatric disorders associated with streptococcal infection (PANDAS) and pediatric acute onset neuropsychiatric syndrome (PANS) under the Medicaid program; to provide for agreements; to provide for an annual report; to provide for related matters; to provide for automatic repeal; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Pelham, City of; Board of Education; composition; revise provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to provide a new charter for the City of Pelham, approved April 28, 2016 (Ga. L. 2016, p. 3859), as amended, so as to revise provisions relating to the composition and elections of the City of Pelham Board of Education; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Paulding County; Board of Commissioners; provide certain actions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating the Board of Commissioners of Paulding County, approved April 17, 1975 (Ga. L. 1975, p. 2916), as amended, so as to provide for certain actions occurring within the fire districts of the county to be approved by the local board of education; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Milton, City of; senior homestead exemption; modify maximum income. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act incorporating the City of Milton in Fulton County, Georgia, approved March 29, 2006 (Ga. L. 2006, p. 3554), as amended, so as to modify the maximum income for a senior homestead exemption; to provide for definitions; to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to provide for a referendum, effective dates, and automatic repeal; to provide for applicability; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Macon County; Board of Education; revise compensation. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing for the board of education for the Macon County School District, approved March 27, 1985 (Ga. L. 1985, p. 4112), as amended, particularly by an Act approved April 9, 1999 (Ga. L. 1999, p. 4081), so as to revise the compensation of the board; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Milton, City of; senior homestead exemption; increase. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act incorporating the City of Milton in Fulton County, Georgia, approved March 29, 2006 (Ga. L. 2006, p. 3554), as amended, so as to increase the amount of a senior homestead exemption; to provide for definitions; to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to provide for a referendum, effective dates, a contingent effective date, and automatic repeal; to provide for applicability; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Seminole County; Board of Commissioners; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating the Board of Commissioners of Seminole County, approved August 16, 1920 (Ga. L. 1920, p. 610), as amended, so as to change the description of the commission districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Animals; sheriff impounding livestock running at large to donate livestock to an animal rescue organization or private individual; authorize. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 3 of Title 4 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to livestock running at large, so as to authorize a sheriff impounding livestock running at large to donate the livestock to an animal rescue organization or private individual instead of selling it at auction or killing it; to provide for notice; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Milton, City of; homestead exemption for citizens age 65 years or older meeting certain income requirements; repeal. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act incorporating the City of Milton in Fulton County, Georgia, approved March 29, 2006 (Ga. L. 2006, p. 3554), as amended, so as to repeal a homestead exemption for citizens of the City of Milton age 65 years or older meeting certain income requirements as found in Section 6.34 of the city charter; to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to provide for a referendum, effective dates, a contingent effective date, and automatic repeal; to provide for applicability; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Gilmer County; Probate Court; authorize assessment and collection of technology fee. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to authorize the assessment and collection of a technology fee by the Probate Court of Gilmer County; to identify the authorized uses of such technology fee; to provide for the termination of such technology fee and dedication of residual funds to technology uses; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Paulding County; School District; residents 65 years or older shall be exempt from ad valorem taxation for education purposes. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend a former local constitutional amendment, (Ga. L. 1982, p. 2511), which former local constitutional amendment was continued in effect as statutory law pursuant to Article VII, Section II, Paragraph IV of the Constitution of Georgia and which provided that the homestead of each resident of the Paulding County School District who is 65 years of age or over, regardless of income, shall be exempt from ad valorem taxation for educational purposes levied by or on behalf of the Paulding County School District, including ad valorem taxation to pay interest on or to retire school bond indebtedness, in the amount of 50 percent of the assessed value of such homestead minus any applicable exemptions otherwise provided by this Constitution on such homestead for educational purposes, to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to provide for a referendum, effective dates, and automatic repeal; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Chatham County; Board of Commissioners; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act completely revising the laws relative to the governing authority of Chatham County, approved March 29, 1984 (Ga. L. 1984, p. 5050), as amended, so as to change the description of the commissioner districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for the continuance in office of current members; to provide an effective date; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Savannah, City of; Chatham County; Board of Education; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act relating to the school system of the City of Savannah and Chatham County, approved March 21, 1968 (Ga. L. 1968, p. 2636), as amended, so as to change the description of the education districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for related matters; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Future Farmers of America (FFA); commend; February 17-23, 2019; National FFA Week; FFA Day at the state capitol; February 19, 2019; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Georgia Future Farmers of America (FFA) and recognizing February 17-23, 2019, as National FFA Week, with February 19, 2019, as FFA Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Education; tuition equalization grants at private colleges and universities; revise definition of approved school. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 20-3-411 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to definitions regarding tuition equalization grants at private colleges and universities, so as to revise the definition of approved school to include schools which were previously accredited by the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools, are now accredited by the Transnational Association of Christian Colleges and Schools, and meet other requirements; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Music Hall of Fame Authority; provide for definitions; provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Part 10 of Article 7 of Chapter 3 of Title 12 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the Georgia Music Hall of Fame Authority, so as to provide for definitions; to provide for the continuation in office of the members of the authority; to provide for membership, appointment, and qualifications; to repeal provisions relating to joint operation between the Georgia Music Hall of Fame and the Georgia Sports Hall of Fame; to revise the corporate purposes and general powers; to provide for jurisdiction of actions; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Georgia Council on Addressing Health Care Workforce Challenges; create. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 31 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to health, so as to create the Georgia Council on Addressing Health Care Workforce Challenges; to provide for legislative findings; to provide for a definition; to provide for members and officers; to provide for meetings, agendas, quorum, and compensation; to provide for the commission's duties and powers; to provide for automatic repeal; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Commerce and trade; certain additional information to be provided to beauty pageant contestants before accepting a fee; require. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 10-1-831 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to required information from operators of beauty pageants, so as to require certain additional information to be provided to beauty pageant contestants before accepting a fee; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Commerce and trade; illegal for certain persons to purchase or attempt to purchase, possess, obtain, or sell used, detached catalytic converters; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 14 of Chapter 1 of Title 10 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to secondary metals recyclers, so as to provide that it shall be illegal for certain persons to purchase, possess, obtain, or sell or attempt to purchase, possess, obtain, or sell used, detached catalytic converters; to provide for a definition; to provide that certain catalytic converters and the vehicles transporting them are contraband; to provide for penalties; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date and applicability; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cairo, City of; city council; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to reincorporate and provide a new charter for the City of Cairo, approved April 28, 2006 (Ga. L. 2006, p. 3773), so as to change the description of the council districts; to define certain terms and provide for certain inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for related matters; to provide effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Atlantic Judicial Court; minimum supplement each county shall provide to the judges of the superior court; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to provide for a supplement to the compensation, expenses, and allowances of the district attorney of the Atlantic Judicial Circuit, approved April 11, 1979 (Ga. L. 1979, p. 584), as amended, particularly by an Act approved March 26, 1980 (Ga. L. 1980, p. 1222), so as to provide for the minimum supplement each county in the circuit shall provide to the judges of the superior courts; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Professions and businesses; professional programs that address career fatigue and wellness in healthcare professionals are not obligated to report to licensing boards except in certain circumstances; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 1 of Title 43 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to general provisions relative to professions and businesses, so as to provide that professional programs that are established to address career fatigue and wellness in healthcare professionals are not obligated to report to licensing boards except in certain circumstances; to provide for definitions; to provide for immunity; to provide that certain documents and information of professional programs are not discoverable; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Grady County Lake Authority; provide certain purposes. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to create the Grady County Lake Authority, approved May 6, 2013 (Ga. L. 2013, p. 4357), so as to provide that the development of trade, commerce, industry, and employment opportunities are purposes of the authority; to revise provisions related to the acquisition and disposition of property; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lower Chattahoochee Regional Transportation Authority; add Harris County and Unified Government of Cusseta-Chattahoochee County. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to create the Lower Chattahoochee Regional Transportation Authority, approved April 11, 2012 (Ga. L. 2012, p. 5019), so as to add Harris County and the Unified Government of Cusseta-Chattahoochee County to the authority; to revise provisions for the appointment of members; to add references to said additional counties to provisions related to credit not pledged, tort immunity, and effects on other governments; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cobb County; State Court; chief deputy clerk and clerk; change salary. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating the State Court of Cobb County, approved March 26, 1964 (Ga. L. 1964, p. 3211), as amended, particularly by an Act approved May 3, 2017 (Ga. L. 2017, p. 3787), so as to change the salary of the chief deputy clerk and the clerk of the State Court of Cobb County; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Waycross Convention and Visitors Bureau Authority; add two additional directors. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to create the Waycross Convention and Visitors Bureau Authority, approved May 3, 2017 (Ga. L. 2017, p. 3729), so as to add two additional directors; to provide for the appointment and initial terms of such directors; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cobb County; Probate Court; change compensation of sheriff, chief deputy and others. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act changing the compensation of the clerk of the superior court, the sheriff, and the judge of the Probate Court of Cobb County from the fee system to the salary system, approved February 9, 1949 (Ga. L. 1949, p. 427), as amended, particularly by an Act approved April 28, 2016 (Ga. L. 2016, p. 3896), and by an Act approved May 2, 2017 (Ga. L. 2017, p. 3617), so as to change the compensation of the sheriff, chief deputy, the assistant chief deputy, and the executive assistant to the sheriff; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jackson, Rachael; outstanding public service as a volunteer for Manna House Ministries; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Rachael Jackson for her outstanding public service as a volunteer for Manna House Ministries; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Pike County School District; increase exemptions for residents age 62 or older and provide new exemption for residents age 70 or older. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing for a homestead exemption from Pike County School District ad valorem taxation for certain residents, approved March 10, 1988 (Ga. L. 1988, p. 3824), as amended, so as to increase the exemptions from school district taxes for residents who are age 62 or older and to provide for a new exemption regardless of income for residents who are age 70 or older; to provide for related matters; to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to provide for a referendum, contingent effective dates, and automatic repeal; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Union City Public Facilities Authority Act; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to create the Union City Public Facilities Authority; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Bishop's Law; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 2 of Title 42 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to board and Department of Corrections, so as to provide for adoption of rules and regulations by the board of the Department of Corrections; to provide for the adoption of a rule relating to housing an inmate convicted of murder of a peace officer killed in the line of duty in a close security facility; to provide for the adoption of a rule relating to any transfer of such inmate to a lower security facility; to provide for a short title; to provide for definitions; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Fulton County; ad valorem tax for educational purposes; provide homestead exemption. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide for a new homestead exemption from Fulton County school district ad valorem taxes for educational purposes in the amount of $10,000.00 of the assessed value of the homestead for residents of that county who are older than 65 years of age; to provide for definitions; to specify the terms and conditions of the exemption and the procedures relating thereto; to provide for related matters; to provide for applicability; to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to provide for a referendum, effective dates, and automatic repeal; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Paulding County; Board of Commissions; provide office of county manager. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating the Board of Commissioners of Paulding County, approved April 17, 1975 (Ga. L. 1975, p. 2916), as amended, so as to provide for an office of county manager; to provide for the duties, powers, and role of the county manager; to revise provisions related to meetings of the commission; to revise the duties, powers, and role of the chairperson of the board of commissioners; to reduce the bond of the chairperson; to revise the list of named county departments; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Columbus, City of; city council; revise districts of members. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing a new charter for the county-wide government of Columbus, Georgia, approved April 5, 1993 (Ga. L. 1993, p. 4978), as amended, so as to revise the districts for the election of members of the city council; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Wheeler County; Board of Commissioners; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide for reapportionment of the election districts for the Wheeler County Board of Commissioners, so as to change the description of the election districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for the continuation in office of current members; to provide for related matters; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Savannah Development and Renewal Authority; members; revise provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to create the Savannah Development and Renewal Authority, approved May 4, 1992 (Ga. L. 1992, p. 6764), so as to revise provisions related to the appointment of authority members; to revise notice requirements regarding appointment of members; to revise quorum provisions; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Berrien County; Probate Court; authorize assessment and collection of technology fee. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to authorize the assessment and collection of a technology fee by the Probate Court of Berrien County; to identify the authorized uses of such technology fee; to provide for the termination of such technology fee and dedication of residual funds to technology uses; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dade County; Board of Education; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to provide for the election of members to the Dade County board of education, approved February 6, 1984 (Ga. L. 1984, p. 3575), as amended, particularly by an Act approved April 7, 2004 (Ga. L. 2004, p. 3530), so as to change the description of the education districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for compensation of the board; to provide for the continuation in office of current members; to provide for related matters; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Walton County Public Facilities Authority Act; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to create the Walton County Public Facilities Authority; to provide for a short title; to provide for refunding bonds; to provide for bond validation; to provide for venue and jurisdiction; to provide for trust funds; to provide for the authority's purpose; to provide for charges; to provide for rules and regulations; to provide for tort immunity; to provide statement of tax exemptions and exemptions from levy and sale; to provide for supplemental powers; to provide for effect on other governments; to provide for liberal construction; to provide for severability; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Gwinnett County; State Court; provide for additional judge. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to continue and re-create the State Court of Gwinnett County, approved March 23, 1977 (Ga. L. 1977, p. 3331), as amended, particularly by an Act approved April 19, 2006 (Ga. L. 2006, p. 3718), so as to provide for an additional judge for the State Court of Gwinnett County; to provide for related matters; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Sumter County; board of elections and registration; provide compensation of members in certain circumstances. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to create the board of elections and registration for Sumter County, approved April 13, 2001 (Ga. L. 2001, p. 3865), so as to provide for the compensation of board members in certain circumstances; to revise provisions regarding the employment statutes of election staff; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Worth County Building Authority Act; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to create the Worth County Building Authority; to provide for severability; to provide for a short title; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Flovilla, City of; City of Jackson; City of Jenkinsburg; Butts County; Water and Sewer Authority; increase size and reconstitute members. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to create the Butts County, City of Flovilla, City of Jackson, and City of Jenkinsburg Water and Sewer Authority, approved March 28, 1986 (Ga. L. 1986, p. 5457), as amended, so as to increase the size of and reconstitute the members of the authority; to revise provisions for the appointment, terms, and removal of members; to provide that the authority chairperson can vote; to revise quorum provisions; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Dekalb County; State Court; provide a fee for removal of certain personal property following execution of writs of possession. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating the State Court of DeKalb County, formerly known as the Civil and Criminal Court of DeKalb County, approved February 14, 1951 (Ga. L. 1951, p. 2401), as amended, particularly by an Act approved April 11, 2012 (Ga. L. 2012, p. 5059), so as to provide a fee for the removal of certain personal property following execution of writs of possession; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ocmulgee Judicial Circuit; chief judge; provide for designation. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide for the designation of the chief judge of the Ocmulgee Judicial Circuit; to provide for terms of office; to provide for filling vacancies in such office; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Woodland, City of; provide new charter. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide a new charter for the City of Woodland; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal a specific Act; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Varnell, City of; change corporate boundaries. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing a new charter for the City of Varnell, approved May 4, 1992 (Ga. L. 1992, p. 6670), as amended, so as to change the corporate boundaries of said city; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dallas, City of; municipal court; authorize assessment and collection of technology fee. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to provide a new charter for the City of Dallas in Paulding County, approved March 24, 1988 (Ga. L. 1988, p. 4121), as amended, so as to authorize the assessment and collection of a technology fee by the municipal court; to identify the authorized uses of said technology fee; to provide for the deposit of fees; to provide that the public safety director may authorize use of said fees; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dallas, City of; levy an excise tax. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to authorize the governing authority of the City of Dallas to levy an excise tax pursuant to subsection (b) of Code Section 48-13-51 of the O.C.G.A.; to provide procedures, conditions, and limitations; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dallas, City of; Redevelopment Powers Law; establish tax allocation districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to authorize the City of Dallas, Georgia, to exercise redevelopment and other powers under Article IX, Section II, Paragraph VII(b) of the Georgia Constitution and Chapter 44 of Title 36 of the O.C.G.A., the "Redevelopment Powers Law," as amended, so as to establish tax allocation districts; to provide for a referendum; to provide for effective dates; to provide for automatic repeal under certain circumstances; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Automatic Merchandising Council (GAMC) Day at the state capitol; February 10, 2019; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 10, 2019, as Georgia Automatic Merchandising Council (GAMC) Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Camden County Public Service Authority; provide for removal of members. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to create the Camden County Public Service Authority, approved March 20, 1990 (Ga. L. 1990, p. 4273), as amended, so as to provide for the removal of members; to authorize the participating local governments to extent limitations on the use of public funds for limited periods of time in certain circumstances; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Camden County Spaceport Authority; repeal Act. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to repeal an Act creating the Camden County Spaceport Authority, approved May 6, 2019 (Ga. L. 2019, p. 3952); to provide for assets and liabilities thereof; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Long County Building and Public Facilities Authority Act; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to create the Long County Building and Public Facilities Authority; to provide for disposition of property upon dissolution of the authority; to provide for severability; to provide for a short title; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jackson, City of; provide for a city manager. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to provide a new charter for the City of Jackson, approved September 21, 1995 (Ga. L. 1995 Ex. Sess, p. 269), so as to provide for a city manager; to provide for the appointment, removal, powers, and duties of the city manager; to revise the powers and duties the mayor; provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Savannah, City of; Chatham County; Board of Education; modify compensation of members. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act governing the school system of the City of Savannah and Chatham County, approved March 21, 1968 (Ga. L. 1968, p. 2636), as amended, particularly by an Act approved May 5, 2006 (Ga. L. 2006, p. 4632), so as to modify the compensation of members of the Board of Public Education for the City of Savannah and the County of Chatham; to provide for applicability and an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Fayette County; State Court; change compensation of judge and solicitor. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating the State Court of Fayette County, approved April 13, 1994 (Ga. L. 1994, p. 4980), as amended, particularly by an Act approved May 13, 2008 (Ga. L. 2008, p. 3834), so as to change the compensation of the judge; to change the compensation of the solicitor; to provide for related matters; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Fayette County; State Court; authorize assessment and collection of technology fee. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating the State Court of Fayette County, approved April 13, 1994 (Ga. L. 1994, p. 4980), as amended, so as to authorize the assessment and collection of a technology fee; to identify the authorized uses of such technology fee; to provide for related matters; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Batiste-Pereira, Sergeant Lorette; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Sergeant Lorette Batiste-Pereira; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Flemington, City of; levy an excise tax. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to authorize the governing authority of the City of Flemington to levy an excise tax pursuant to subsection (b) of Code Section 48-13-51 of the O.C.G.A.; to provide procedures, conditions, and limitations; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Echols County; Board of Commissioners; increase size. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act revising, superseding, and consolidating the laws creating and governing the Board of Commissioners of Echols County, approved February 3, 1953 (Ga. L. 1953, Jan.-Feb. Sess., p. 2054), as amended, particularly by an Act approved March 27, 2012 (Ga. L. 2012, p. 4575), so as to increase the size of the board of commissioners; to provide for residency requirements; to provide for the description of the commissioner districts and posts; to define certain terms and provide for certain inclusions; to provide for election of members; to provide for initial terms; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for related matters; to provide effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Murray County; board of elections and registration; establish. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to establish the board of elections and registration for Murray County, Georgia; to provide for effective dates and automatic repeal; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Sylvester, City of; Public Facilities Authority; revise definition of "project". Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to create the City of Sylvester Public Facilities Authority, approved May 3, 2021 (Ga. L. 2021, p. 3786), so as to revise the definition of "project"; to provide for reversion of assets upon dissolution; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Adel, City of; change corporate limits. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to consolidate all of the laws chartering the City of Adel in the County of Cook and to grant a new charter to said city, approved March 17, 1960 (Ga. L. 1960, p. 3055), as amended, particularly by an Act approved February 27, 1976 (Ga. L. 1976, p. 2757), so as to change the corporate limits of the city; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Claxton, City of; powers and election of the mayor and city council; restate and revise provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to grant a new charter for the City of Claxton in the County of Evans, approved April 5, 1961 (Ga. L. 1961, p. 3312), as amended, so as restate and revise provisions relating to the powers and election of the mayor and city council; to revise city council districts; to provide definitions and inclusions; to provide for the continuance in office for current members; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Houston County; Probate Court; authorize assessment and collection of technology fee. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to authorize the assessment and collection of a technology fee by the Probate Court of Houston County; to identify the authorized uses of such technology fee; to provide for the termination of such technology fee and dedication of residual funds to technology uses; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Taylor County; ad valorem tax for educational purposes; provide homestead exemption. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide a homestead exemption from Taylor County school district ad valorem taxes for educational purposes in the amount of 10 percent of the assessed value of the homestead for residents of that school district who are between 70 and 74 years of age, in the amount of 15 percent of the assessed value of the homestead for residents of that school district who are between 75 and 79 years of age, and in the amount of 20 percent of the assessed value of the homestead for residents of that school district who are 80 years of age or older; to provide for a referendum, effective dates, and automatic repeal; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Forsyth County; levy an excise tax. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to authorize the governing authority of Forsyth County to levy an excise tax pursuant to subsection (b) of Code Section 48-13-51 of the O.C.G.A.; to provide for procedures, conditions, and limitations; to provide for related matters; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Washington, Lawrence "Miss Lawrence"; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Lawrence "Miss Lawrence" Washington; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Preczewski, Stanley C. "Stas"; grand occasion of his retirement; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Stanley C. "Stas" Preczewski upon the grand occasion of his retirement; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Drug Abuse Treatment and Education Programs; patient brokering; prohibit; definitions; exceptions; penalties; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 5 of Title 26 of the O.C.G.A., relating to drug abuse treatment and education programs, so as to prohibit patient brokering; to provide for definitions; to provide for exceptions; to provide for penalties; to provide for enforcement; to provide for venue; to provide for reasonable expenses; to provide for cumulative actions; to amend Chapter 1 of Title 33 of the O.C.G.A., relating to general provisions regarding insurance, so as to provide that excessive, fraudulent, or high-tech drug testing of certain individuals is considered a fraudulent insurance act; to provide for investigation by the Commissioner of Insurance; to provide for penalties; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Professions and Businesses; patient protection measures for patients undergoing sedation in certain settings; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 43 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to professions and businesses, so as to provide patient protection measures for patients undergoing sedation in certain settings; to provide for patients under conscious sedation in dental settings and for dental procedures in medispas; to provide for patients under varying levels of sedation in physician offices and medispas; to provide for definitions; to provide for rules and regulations; to provide for enforcement; to provide for statutory construction; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Yeager, Sheriff Mike; grand occasion of his retirement; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Sheriff Mike Yeager on the grand occasion of his retirement; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: "Tax Credit Return on Investment Act of 2021"; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 3 of Chapter 5 of Title 28 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to fiscal bills generally, so as to provide for independent economic analyses to be procured by the Office of Planning and Budget for certain tax benefits upon request by the chairpersons of the House Committee on Ways and Means and the Senate Finance Committee; to provide a short title; to provide for limits; to provide for summaries to be attached to related fiscal notes; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Courts; the Columbia Judicial Circuit and to be composed of Columbia County; create a new judicial circuit for the State of Georgia. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to create a new judicial circuit for the State of Georgia, to be known as the Columbia Judicial Circuit and to be composed of Columbia County; to provide for the transfer of certain funds from the Augusta Judicial Circuit to the Columbia Judicial Circuit; to provide for and allocate circuit-wide costs and expenditures; to conform the county salary supplements for the judges of the Augusta Judicial Circuit; to amend Article 1 of Chapter 6 of Title 15 of the O.C.G.A., relating to general provisions regarding the superior courts, so as to revise the composition and terms of court of the Augusta Judicial Circuit; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: "Jaye Mize Law"; promoting illegal drag racing and laying drags; provide for an offense. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 2 of Chapter 11 of Title 16 of the O.C.G.A., relating to offenses against public order, so as to provide for an offense of promoting illegal drag racing and laying drags; to provide for an offense of knowingly attending an illegal drag race or laying drags exhibition; to provide for punishment; to amend Title 40 of the O.C.G.A., relating to motor vehicles and traffic, so as to provide for classification and registration of high-performance vehicles; to provide for the issuance of special license plates for high-performance vehicles; to provide for related matters; to provide for a short title; to provide for an effective date and applicability; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Child Advocate Advisory Committee; composition; revise. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 11 of Chapter 11 of Title 15 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the "Georgia Child Advocate for the Protection of Children Act," so as to revise the composition of the Child Advocate Advisory Committee; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: City of Stonecrest in DeKalb County; mayor; limit voting only in the event of a tie of the council. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to incorporate the City of Stonecrest in DeKalb County, approved April 21, 2016 (Ga. L. 2016, p. 3538), as amended, so as to limit the mayor to voting only in the event of a tie of the council; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Board of Commissioners of Henry County; a code of ethics; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to provide for a new Board of Commissioners of Henry County, approved March 28, 1974 (Ga. L. 1974, p. 3680), as amended, so as to provide a code of ethics; to establish a board of ethics; to revise the authority, roles, and responsibilities of the chairperson, the board of commissioners, and the county manager; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Domestic Relations; name change; victims of human trafficking may petition; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 12 of Title 19 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to name change, so as to provide that victims of human trafficking may petition for name change under seal; to provide for a definition; to provide for determination by the court; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Professional Licenses; extend the time a member of the military has to qualify for the issuance of a license; electrical contractor, plumber;. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 43-14-15 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to certain military certifications that entitle persons to obtain certain professional licenses, so as to extend the time a member of the military has to qualify for the issuance of a license or certification as an electrical contractor, plumber, conditioned air contractor, low-voltage contractor, or utility contractor using his or her military specialty or certification; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Juvenile Code and Domestic Relations; provisions relating to the protection of children; strengthen, clarify and update. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 11 of Title 15 and Title 19 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the Juvenile Code and domestic relations, so as to strengthen, clarify, and update provisions relating to the protection of children; to require annual training for juvenile court intake officers; to provide for the consideration of evidence, including hearsay evidence, in certain juvenile proceedings; to revise provisions relative to the Juvenile Code and the reporting of child abuse; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Public Disclosure; certain personal records of state and federal employees; exempt. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 50-18-72 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to when public disclosure not required, so as to exempt certain personal records of state and federal employees from public disclosure; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Torts; cause of action against perpetrators for victims of human trafficking; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 1 of Title 51 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to general provisions regarding torts, so as to provide a cause of action against perpetrators for victims of human trafficking; to provide for definitions; to provide a cause of action against certain perpetrators of human trafficking by the Attorney General on behalf of the state; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Elections and Primaries; the time and method for opening and tabulating absentee ballots; revise. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 2 of Title 21 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to elections and primaries generally, so as to revise the time and method for opening and tabulating absentee ballots; to provide for an effective date; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Education; school climate rating does not include discipline data; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 20-14-33 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to indicators of quality of learning in individual schools and school systems, comparison to state standards, rating schools and school systems, providing information, and uniform definition of "dropout" and "below grade level," so as to provide that the school climate rating does not include discipline data; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: "Noncovered Eye Care Services Act"; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 33-6-4 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the enumeration of unfair methods of competition and unfair or deceptive acts or practices and penalty, so as to provide that certain actions by health care insurers offering eye care benefit plans constitute unfair trade practices; to provide for definitions; to provide for a short title; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Special License Plates; honoring Support Our Troops, Inc.; establish. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 40-2-86 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to special license plates promoting or supporting certain worthy agencies, funds, or nonprofit corporations with proceeds disbursed to the general fund and the agency, fund, or nonprofit corporation, so as to establish a specialty license plate honoring Support Our Troops, Inc.; to provide for related matters; to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Tourism, Hospitality, and Arts Day at the state capitol; February 5, 2019; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 5, 2019, as Tourism, Hospitality, and Arts Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Professions and Businesses; individuals who move to the state and establish residency to obtain a license by endorsement to practice certain professions and occupations in this state; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 1 of Title 43 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to general provisions of professions and businesses, so as to provide for individuals who move to the state and establish residency to obtain a license by endorsement to practice certain professions and occupations in this state; to provide for requirements; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Health; certain medical personnel to administer vaccines during public health emergencies under certain conditions; authorize. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 31 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to health, so as to authorize certain medical personnel to administer vaccines during public health emergencies under certain conditions; to provide for vaccination information to third parties under certain public health conditions; to amend Article 2 of Chapter 34 of Title 43 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to medical practice, so as to revise certain provisions relating to the administration of vaccines under vaccine protocol agreements; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Special Needs Scholarship Act; revise prior school year requirement. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 33 of Chapter 2 of Title 20 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the Georgia Special Needs Scholarship Act, so as to revise the prior school year requirement; to expand eligibility for students; to revise the basis for calculating scholarship amounts; to require annual parent surveys; to provide for a review procedure for scholarship calculations; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Buildings and Housing; procedures for alternative plan review, permitting, and inspection by private professional providers; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 2 of Title 8 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to standards and requirements for construction, alteration, etc. of buildings and other structures, so as to provide procedures for alternative plan review, permitting, and inspection by private professional providers so as to allow applicants to elect whether to retain, at their own expense, a private professional provider to provide required plan reviews or inspections of certain buildings; to provide for fees; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: "Dexter Mosely Act"; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Part 14 of Article 6 of Chapter 2 of Title 20 of the O.C.G.A., relating to other educational programs under the "Quality Basic Education Act," so as to authorize home study students in grades six through 12 to participate in extracurricular and interscholastic activities in the student's resident public school system; to provide that home study students shall complete one qualifying course during any semester the student participates in an extracurricular or interscholastic activity in the student's resident public school system; to amend Code Section 20-2-690 of the O.C.G.A., relating to educational entities and requirements for private schools and home study programs; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Selling and Other Trade Practices; legislative findings; standards for cybersecurity programs to protect businesses from liability; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 1 of Title 10 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to selling and other trade practices, so as to provide for legislative findings; to provide standards for cybersecurity programs to protect businesses from liability; to provide for affirmative defenses for data breaches of private information; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Georgia Technology Authority; power and duty to establish standards for state agencies' website design, navigation, and accessibility; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 25 of Title 50 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the Georgia Technology Authority, so as to provide such authority with the power and duty to establish standards for state agencies' website design, navigation, and accessibility; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Child Custody Proceedings; judicial discretion in determining the right of a surviving parent; when such surviving parent is criminally charged with the murder or voluntary manslaughter of the other parent; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 1 of Chapter 9 of Title 19 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to general provisions regarding child custody proceedings, so as to provide judicial discretion in determining the right of a surviving parent to have custody of a child when such surviving parent is criminally charged with the murder or voluntary manslaughter of the other parent; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Education; additional QBE funding for each full-time equivalent student within a local charter school; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 2 of Title 20 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to elementary and secondary education, so as to provide for additional QBE funding for each full-time equivalent student within a local charter school; to provide for a maximum amount of such funding available to each local charter school; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; to revise a definition; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia State Indemnification Fund; shall be paid in instances of a heart attack, stroke; public safety officer; revise. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Part 1 of Article 5 of Chapter 9 of Title 45 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the Georgia State Indemnification Fund, so as revise when indemnification shall be paid in instances of a heart attack, stroke, or vascular rupture suffered by a public safety officer resulting in certain disabilities or death; to provide for definitions; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Elections and Primaries; name and designation of the precinct appears on every ballot; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 2 of Title 21 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to elections and primaries generally, so as to provide that the name and designation of the precinct appears on every ballot; to provide for the use of holographic security devices on ballots; to provide for the storage and retention of absentee ballots by precinct with chain of custody; to provide for the manner of handling and processing ballots requiring duplication for processing; to provide for the maintenance of certain lists of absentee voters; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Foundation for Public Education; a nonprofit corporation created by the foundation to receive private donations to be used for grants to public schools; authorize. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 20 and Title 48 of the O.C.G.A., relating to education and revenue and taxation, respectively, so as to authorize a nonprofit corporation incorporated by the Georgia Foundation for Public Education to receive private donations to be used for grants to public schools; to provide for the expiration of the Public Education Innovation Fund Foundation's authority to promote public-private partnerships and to receive private donations to be used for grants to public schools; to provide for grant criteria; to provide for the dissolution of the Public Education Innovation Fund Foundation; to revise definitions; to provide for an income tax credit for qualified education donations; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Elections and Primaries; submission of identification in connection with absentee ballot applications; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 2 of Title 21 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to elections and primaries generally, so as to provide for the submission of identification in connection with absentee ballot applications; to provide for the submission of photocopies of voter identification documents for absentee ballot applications; to provide for requesting of absentee ballot applications through a web portal; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Consulate-General of Japan in the Southeast; 45th anniversary; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the 45th anniversary of the Consulate-General of Japan in the Southeast; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Elections and Primaries; county registrars shall obtain monthly from the coroner, judge of the probate court, and funeral homes in the county identifying information about persons who died in the county during the previous month; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 2 of Title 21 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to elections and primaries generally, so as to provide that county registrars shall obtain monthly from the coroner, judge of the probate court, and funeral homes in the county identifying information about persons who died in the county during the previous month; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Elections and Primaries; ability of poll watchers at tabulating centers to observe the vote counting process; revise. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 2 of Title 21 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to elections and primaries generally, so as to revise the ability of poll watchers at tabulating centers to observe the vote counting process; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Termination of Residential Lease; victims of stalking; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 44-7-23 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to termination of residential lease after issuance of civil family violence order or criminal family violence order, notice, and occupancy, so as to provide for lease terminations for victims of stalking; to provide for a definition; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Emergency Communications Authority; Next Generation 911 systems and services; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 12 of Chapter 3 of Title 38 and Part 4 of Article 2 of Chapter 5 of Title 46 of the O.C.G.A., relating to emergency communications authority and emergency telephone number 9-1-1 system, respectively, so as to provide for Next Generation 911 systems and services; to amend Chapter 8 of Title 35 and Chapter 60 of Title 36 of the O.C.G.A., relating to employment and training of peace officers and general provisions applicable to counties and municipal corporations, respectively, so as to revise training requirements for communication officers; to provide for related matters; to condition effectiveness upon approval by two-thirds' majority vote in both the Senate and the House of Representatives; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Invasion of Privacy; prohibition on electronically transmitting or posting nude or sexually explicit photographs or videos for purposes of harassing the depicted person; revise. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Part 3 of Article 3 of Chapter 11 of Title 16 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to invasion of privacy, so as to revise the prohibition on electronically transmitting or posting nude or sexually explicit photographs or videos for purposes of harassing the depicted person; to provide for an increased penalty for the electronic transmission or posting to a web page that is accessible to the general public; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: "Ensuring Transparency in Prior Authorization Act"; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 33 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to insurance, so as to provide for standards for utilization review; to provide for statutory construction; to provide for applicability; to provide for definitions; to provide for a short title; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Professions and Businesses; grounds for refusing to grant or revoking a license; revise. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 1 of Title 43 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to general provisions relative to professions and businesses, so as to revise the grounds for refusing to grant or revoking a license; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Office of College and Career Transitions; change name to the Office of College and Career Academies. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 20-4-37 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the Office of College and Career Transitions and powers and duties, so as to change the name of the Office of College and Career Transitions to the Office of College and Career Academies; to provide for increased technical skills; to provide for collaboration between the Technical College System of Georgia and certain entities to support efforts to recruit new industries and expand existing industries; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Emergency Medical Services; prudent layperson standard is not affected by the final diagnosis given; clarify. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 11 of Title 31 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to emergency medical services, so as to clarify that the prudent layperson standard is not affected by the final diagnosis given; to amend Title 33 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to insurance, so as to also clarify that the prudent layperson standard is not affected by the final diagnosis given; to provide for legislative findings; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Peace Officers' Annuity and Benefit Fund; certain communications officers shall be eligible for membership in such fund; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 17 of Title 47 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the Peace Officers' Annuity and Benefit Fund, so as to provide that certain communications officers shall be eligible for membership in such fund; to provide for related matters; to provide conditions for an effective date and automatic repeal; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: "Max Gruver Act"; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 16-5-61 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to hazing, so as to provide for an expanded definition of hazing; to provide for inclusion of minors as the subject of hazing; to provide for penalties; to provide for the Attorney General to bring civil actions against certain organizations regarding hazing incidents; to amend Chapter 1 of Title 20 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to general provisions regarding education, so as to provide for mandatory reports of hazing related violations at schools in the state; to provide for and revise definitions; to provide for a short title; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: "Fair Business Practices Act of 1975 "; requirements for solicitations of services for corporate filings required by the Secretary of State; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Part 2 of Article 15 of Chapter 1 of Title 10 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the "Fair Business Practices Act of 1975," so as to provide for requirements for solicitations of services for corporate filings required by the Secretary of State; to provide for a definition; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: "Senator Jack Hill Veterans' Act"; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 3 of Chapter 7 of Title 48 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to tax returns and furnishing of information, so as to authorize Georgia taxpayers to make certain voluntary contributions through the income tax payment and refund process to aid and assist service disabled veterans through a qualified service disabled veterans benefit organization; to provide for definitions; to provide for conditions and limitations; to require surety; to provide for the remittance of recovered funds to the general fund; to provide for the promulgation of rules and regulations; to provide for a short title; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date and applicability; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Education; Georgia Teacher of the Year shall be invited to serve as advisor ex officio to the State Board of Education; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 2 of Title 20 of the O.C.G.A., relating to elementary and secondary education, so as to provide that the Georgia Teacher of the Year shall be invited to serve as an advisor ex officio to the State Board of Education; to provide for a nontraditional teacher certification program for members and veterans of the United States armed forces; to provide for the Professional Standards Commission to require that teacher education programs include mandatory coursework in differentiated instruction and reading fundamentals and to promote increased student enrollment in and completion of teacher education programs offered at historically black colleges and universities in this state; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: The Shield Club; occasion of its 50th anniversary; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending The Shield Club on the occasion of its 50th anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Elections and Primaries; chief elections assistance officer; qualifications, appointment, supervision, and duties; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 2 of Title 21 of the O.C.G.A., relating to elections and primaries generally, so as to provide for a chief elections assistance officer; to provide for the qualifications, appointment, supervision, and duties of such officer; to provide for election assistance coaches; to provide for the qualifications and duties of such coaches; to provide for the identification of low-performing county election superintendents; to provide for comprehensive on-site evaluation of election management practices and procedures of such low-performing counties to determine root causes of such low performance and lack of adherence to election laws and procedures; to provide for related matters; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Georgia Commission on African American History and Culture; create. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 50 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to state government, so as to create the Georgia Commission on African American History and Culture; to provide for duties and objectives; to provide for membership and terms of office; to provide for reporting; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Controlled Substances; sale to and by minors of drug products containing dextromethorphan; prohibit. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Part 1 of Article 2 of Chapter 13 of Title 16 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to schedules, offenses, and penalties regarding the regulation of controlled substances, so as to prohibit the sale to and by minors of drug products containing dextromethorphan; to provide for definitions; to provide for proper identification; to provide for a list of finished drug products; to provide for penalties; to provide for statutory construction; to provide for state regulation; to provide for limited liability; to provide for related matters; to provide an effective date and applicability; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: State Government; conditions for meetings and public hearings to be held by teleconference in emergency conditions; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 50 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to state government, so as to provide conditions for meetings and public hearings to be held by teleconference in emergency conditions; to provide conditions for certain agency members to participate in nonemergency meetings by teleconference; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Notaries Public; identification of persons for whom notaries perform notarial acts shall be evidenced; valid Veterans Health Identification Card issued by the United States Department of Veterans Affairs; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 17 of Title 45 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to notaries public, so as to provide that the identification of persons for whom notaries perform notarial acts shall be evidenced satisfactorily by a valid Veterans Health Identification Card issued by the United States Department of Veterans Affairs; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: In-State Resident Status of Students; university system policy of out-of-state tuition differential waivers; codify. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 20-3-66 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to determination of in-state resident status of students for tuition or fees, so as to codify the university system policy of out-of-state tuition differential waivers; to require that a certain percentage of such waivers be allowed for certain institutions; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Maddox, Cydney; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Cydney Maddox; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Georgia Freight Railroad Program; eligible expenditures; procedures, conditions, and limitations for public and private financing of projects; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 32 of the O.C.G.A., relating to highways, bridges, and ferries, so as to provide for eligible expenditures for the Georgia Freight Railroad Program of the Georgia Department of Transportation; to provide for procedures, conditions, and limitations for public and private financing of projects; to revise definitions; to amend Code Section 52-2-5 of the O.C.G.A., relating to composition of the Georgia Ports Authority; appointment, terms, and qualifications of members generally; filling of vacancies; election of chairperson, vice chairperson, and secretary-treasurer; and quorum, so as to add the commissioner of transportation as an ex officio member of the Georgia Ports Authority; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: State Government; this state shall observe standard time year round; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 1 of Title 50 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to general provisions relative to state government, so as to provide that this state shall observe standard time year round until such time as Congress authorizes the states to observe daylight savings time; to provide for contingent effectiveness; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: State-Wide Probation System; conditions and procedures under which probation may be terminated early; revise. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 1 of Chapter 10 of Title 17 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to procedure for sentencing and imposition of punishment, and Article 2 of Chapter 8 of Title 42 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to state-wide probation system, so as to revise the conditions and procedures under which probation may be terminated early; to provide for related matters; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Education; multi-tiered system of supports; include wraparound services to be provided prior to expelling or assigning a student in preschool through third grade to out-of-school suspension for more than five consecutive or cumulative days. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 20-2-742 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to multi-tiered system of supports prior to suspension or expulsion for certain students, so as to include wraparound services in the multi-tiered system of supports to be provided prior to expelling or assigning a student in preschool through third grade to out-of-school suspension for more than five consecutive or cumulative days during a school year; to provide a definition of wraparound services; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Postsecondary Education Grants; waiver of tuition and all fees, for qualifying foster and adopted students by units of the University System of Georgia and the Technical College System of Georgia; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 12 of Chapter 3 of Title 20 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to postsecondary education grants for foster children and adopted children, so as to provide for the waiver of tuition and all fees, including mandatory rooming and board fees, for qualifying foster and adopted students by units of the University System of Georgia and the Technical College System of Georgia, subject to certain exceptions; to provide for such exceptions; to provide for student qualifications; to provide for the involvement and duties of the Division of Family and Children Services; to provide for definitions; to provide for construction; to provide for related matters; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Commission for the Blind and the Visually Impaired; create. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 30 of the O.C.G.A., relating to handicapped persons, so as to create the Commission for the Blind and the Visually Impaired; to transfer the direction and supervision of Georgia Industries for the Blind from the Georgia Vocational Rehabilitation Agency to the commission; to amend Chapter 9 of Title 49 of the O.C.G.A., relating to the transfer of the Division of Rehabilitation Services to the Department of Labor, so as to establish the role of the commission in facilitating the operation by blind persons and other persons with disabilities of vending facilities on state property; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Life Insurance; annual notification to policy owners and requested beneficiaries of the existence of such policies; require. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 25 of Title 33 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to life insurance, so as to require annual notification to policy owners and requested beneficiaries of the existence of such policies; to require insurers to review the National Association of Insurance Commissioners life insurance policy locator on a quarterly basis; to provide for reporting; to provide for rules and regulations; to provide for a sunset provision for reporting requirements; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Life Insurance; life insurers' requirement to review the National Association of Insurance Commissioners' life insurance policy locator service; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 25 of Title 33 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to life insurance, so as to provide for life insurers' requirement to review the National Association of Insurance Commissioners' life insurance policy locator service; to provide for reporting; to provide for the Commissioner to prescribe reporting; to provide for a sunset provision for reporting requirements; to provide for enforcement; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Fuller, Caitlin and Alan; betrothed; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the betrothed Caitlin and Alan Fuller; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Drivers' Licenses; instructional course; educating drivers and the public on best practices to implement when interacting with law enforcement officers; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 1 of Chapter 5 of Title 40 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to general provisions regarding drivers' licenses, so as to provide for an instructional course or presentation educating drivers and the public on the best practices to implement when interacting with law enforcement officers; to provide for duties by the Department of Driver Services and the Department of Public Safety; to provide for instructional content; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Children and Youth Services; registration of maternity supportive house residences to provide housing for pregnant women; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 1 of Chapter 5 of Title 49 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to children and youth services, so as to provide for registration of maternity supportive housing residences to provide housing for pregnant women; to define a term; to provide for requirements; to prohibit additional rules and regulations; to prohibit constraints imposed by local governments; to provide for statutory construction; to provide for related matters; to provide a short title; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Department of Human Services; offenses of improper sexual contact by employee or agent in the first and second degrees; revise. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 6 of Title 16, Article 1 of Chapter 10 of Title 17, Article 2 of Chapter 3 of Title 35, Title 42, and Article 1 of Chapter 2 of Title 49 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to sexual offenses, procedure for sentencing and imposition of punishment, the Georgia Crime Information Center, penal institutions, and general provisions regarding the Department of Human Services, respectively, so as to revise the offenses of improper sexual contact by employee or agent in the first and second degrees; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Permit Required for Burning Woods, Lands, and Marshes or Other Flammable Vegetation; except certain yard waste from permitting. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 12-6-90 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to permit required for burning woods, lands, marshes, or other flammable vegetation, and exceptions, so as to except certain yard waste from permitting; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Solicitors-General of State Courts; honorary office of solicitor-general emeritus; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 3 of Chapter 18 of Title 15 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to solicitors-general of state courts, so as to provide for the honorary office of solicitor-general emeritus; to provide for qualifications; to provide for certificate; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Flag, Seal, and Other Symbols; placement of a monument in honor of the Honorable Zell Bryan Miller upon the capitol grounds of the state capitol building; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 3 of Title 50 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to state flag, seal, and other symbols, so as to provide for placement of a monument in honor of the Honorable Zell Bryan Miller upon the capitol grounds of the state capitol building; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Lottery for Education; lottery game of sports wagering in this state; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 27 of Title 50 of the O.C.G.A., relating to lottery for education, so as to provide for the lottery game of sports wagering in this state; to provide for and revise certain definitions; to provide for oversight of such lottery game by the Georgia Lottery Corporation and its board of directors; to amend Chapter 8 of Title 48 of the O.C.G.A., relating to sales and use taxes, so as to exempt wagers placed as part of the lottery game of sports wagering; to provide for violations and penalties; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Mechanics and Materialmen; waiver of lien and labor or material bond rights; conform a reference within a statutory form. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Part 3 of Article 8 of Chapter 14 of Title 44 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to mechanics and materialmen, so as to conform a reference within a statutory form regarding waiver of lien and labor or material bond rights; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Housing Authorities; ability of city housing authorities to operate outside municipal boundaries without authorization; limit. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Part 1 of Article 1 of Chapter 3 of Title 8 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to general provisions for housing authorities, so as to limit the ability of city housing authorities to operate outside municipal boundaries without authorization; to revise a definition; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: DeFir, Josh; Victory Baptist School's 2019 STAR Student; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Josh DeFir, Victory Baptist School's 2019 STAR Student; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Distilled Spirits; initiating a referendum election for the authorization of the issuance of licenses for the package sale of distilled spirits; modify the petition requirements. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 3 of Chapter 4 of Title 3 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to local authorization and regulations for manufacture, distribution, and package sales of distilled spirits, so as to modify the petition requirements for initiating a referendum election for the authorization of the issuance of licenses for the package sale of distilled spirits; to provide an additional method of initiating such a referendum election; to change certain provisions relating to the procedures for calling and conducting certain referendum elections and the nullifications thereof; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: 2021 Special Council on Tax Reform and Fairness for Georgians and the Special Joint Committee on Georgia Revenue Structure; create. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 28 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the General Assembly, so as to create the 2021 Special Council on Tax Reform and Fairness for Georgians and the Special Joint Committee on Georgia Revenue Structure; to state legislative findings and intent; to make provisions relative to legislative procedure for consideration of legislation recommended by the council and the special joint committee; to provide for related matters; to provide for automatic repeal; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: State and Other Flags; pledge of allegiance to the state flag; add language. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 1 of Chapter 3 of Title 50 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the state and other flags, so as to add language to the pledge of allegiance to the state flag; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: "Graduation Opportunities and Advanced Learning (GOAL) Act"; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 20 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to education, so as to provide for GOAL academies; to provide for definitions; to provide for partnerships to establish GOAL academies as charter schools; to provide for the transition of system-collaborative state charter schools to GOAL academies; to provide for funding and for the calculation thereof; to provide for designation; to provide for data collection; to provide for eligibility criteria, requirements, and procedures; to provide for a short title; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: "Fair Business Practices Act of 1975"; deceptive practice of musical performance groups advertising; prohibit. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Part 2 of Article 15 of Chapter 1 of Title 10 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the "Fair Business Practices Act of 1975," so as to prohibit the deceptive practice of musical performance groups advertising and appearing as the recording group without the recording group's permission or denoting that it is a salute or tribute performance; to provide for definitions; to specify violations; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Elementary and Secondary Education; provision relating to student transportation; revise. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 2 of Title 20 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to elementary and secondary education, so as to revise a provision relating to student transportation; to authorize local boards of education to use vehicles other than school buses for the transport of students to and from school related activities; to provide for minimum requirements; to provide for insurance; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Blue Ridge Judicial Circuit; additional judge of the superior court; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 15-6-2 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the number of judges of superior courts, so as to provide for an additional judge of the superior court of the Blue Ridge Judicial Circuit; to provide for related matters; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Judicial Emergency; suspension of statutory speedy trial requirements; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Part 2 of Article 3 of Chapter 3 of Title 38 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to judicial emergency, so as to provide for the suspension of statutory speedy trial requirements when compliance with such statutory speedy trial requirements becomes impracticable following a judicial emergency; to provide for applicable circumstances; to provide for requirements; to provide for notice; to provide for intervention by the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: HIV Tests; modernization of HIV related laws to align with science; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 15-11-471, Title 16, and Code Section 31-22-9.1 of the O.C.G.A., relating to definitions relative to juvenile delinquency, crimes and offenses, and who may perform HIV tests, respectively, so as to provide for the modernization of HIV related laws to align with science to ensure that laws and policies support current understanding of best public health practices for preventing and treating HIV, scientific evidence about routes of transmission, and the public health goals of promoting HIV prevention and treatment; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Motor Vehicles; autonomous vehicles from certain vehicle equipment requirements; exempt. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 8 of Title 40 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to equipment and inspection of motor vehicles, so as to exempt fully autonomous vehicles from certain vehicle equipment requirements; to provide for compliance; to remove requirement for use of strobe light while operating a low-speed vehicle; to provide for means of operation of vehicle brakes and parking brakes; to revise exhaust system requirements; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Retirement; semiannual postretirement benefit adjustments for all beneficiaries of the Employees' Retirement System of Georgia; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 2 of Title 47 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the Employees' Retirement System of Georgia, so as to provide for semiannual postretirement benefit adjustments for all beneficiaries of the Employees' Retirement System of Georgia; to provide for conditions, limitations, and suspensions; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date, applicability, and automatic repeal; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Meetings; corporation may hold annual shareholders' meetings and special shareholders' meetings by means of remote communication; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Part 1 of Article 7 of Chapter 2 of Title 14 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to meetings, so as to provide that a corporation may hold annual shareholders' meetings and special shareholders' meetings by means of remote communication; to provide for requirements for such meetings by remote communication; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bonds; acceptance of electronic signatures and electronic corporate seals on bonds; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 1 of Chapter 10 of Title 13 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to general provisions regarding contracts for public works, Code Section 32-2-70 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to bonds of successful bidder, and Part 1 of Article 3 of Chapter 91 of Title 36 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to bonds generally, so as to provide for acceptance of electronic signatures and electronic corporate seals on bonds; to provide for related matters; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: "Safe Communities Act of 2021"; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 16 of the O.C.G.A., relating to crimes and offenses, so as to provide for enhanced penalties for certain offenses committed during an unlawful assembly; to revise the offense of unlawful assembly; to amend Chapter 60 of Title 36 of the O.C.G.A., relating to general provisions regarding provisions applicable to counties and municipal corporations; to amend Chapter 1 of Title 45 of the O.C.G.A., relating to general provisions regarding public officers and employees; to amend Title 50 of the O.C.G.A., relating to state government, so as to prohibit employment and benefits from governments under certain circumstances; to provide for related matters; to provide for a short title; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bonds and Recognizances; appointed judges who are fulfilling a vacancy of an elected judge to issue an unsecured judicial release under certain circumstances; authorize. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 1 of Chapter 6 of Title 17 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to general provisions regarding bonds and recognizances, so as to authorize appointed judges who are fulfilling a vacancy of an elected judge to issue an unsecured judicial release under certain circumstances; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Counties and Municipal Corporations; "fence detection system"; define the term; counties, consolidated governments, and municipalities regulate or prohibit such system; limit the ability. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 60 of Title 36 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to general provisions applicable to counties and municipal corporations, so as to define the term "fence detection system"; to limit the ability of counties, consolidated governments, and municipalities to regulate or prohibit such systems; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Office of Sheriff; qualification requirements; revise. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 1 of Chapter 16 of Title 15 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to general provisions regarding sheriffs, so as to revise qualification requirements for the office of sheriff; to require certification as a peace officer at the time of qualifying as a candidate for sheriff; to require such candidate to be in good standing with the Georgia Peace Officer Standards and Training Council; to provide for a confirming affidavit; to provide for a definition; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Elections and Primaries; inputting credit for voting data; revise the time. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 2 of Title 21 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to elections and primaries generally, so as to revise the time for inputting credit for voting data; to provide for sanctions for failure to meet deadlines; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Revenue and Taxation; all questions of law decided by a court; matters from state board of equalization and refunds and appeals be decided without deference; require. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 2 of Title 48 of the O.C.G.A., relating to state administrative organization, administration, and enforcement of revenue and taxation, so as to require that all questions of law decided by a court or the Georgia Tax Tribunal on matters arising from the state board of equalization and matters arising from refunds and appeals of state administration of Title 48 be decided without deference to determinations or interpretations of the Department of Revenue except without any effect on the judicial standard of deference given to rules promulgated pursuant to Chapter 13 of Title 50, the "Georgia Administrative Procedure Act"; to amend Chapter 13A of Title 50 of the O.C.G.A., relating to tax tribunals; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: HOPE Scholarship; procedure for students with disability as defined by the American with Disabilities Act to apply for a waiver; establish. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 20-3-519.2 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to eligibility requirements for a HOPE scholarship, so as to establish a procedure for students with a disability as defined by the Americans with Disabilities Act to apply for a waiver from certain HOPE scholarship and grant eligibility requirements; to provide for responsibilities of the Georgia Student Finance Commission; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Elections and Primaries; election results reporting system to be established and maintained by the Secretary of State; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 2 of Title 21 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to elections and primaries generally, so as to provide for an election results reporting system to be established and maintained by the Secretary of State; to provide for the submission of certain information to such reporting system by county superintendents; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ad Valorem Taxation of Property; requiring that mobile homes procure and display decals; grant counties the option. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 5 of Title 48 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to ad valorem taxation of property, so as to grant counties the option of requiring that mobile homes procure and display decals; to revise the time for payment of related ad valorem taxes; to provide for related matters; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hemp Farming; definition; revise. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 2-23-3 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to definitions regarding hemp farming, so as to revise a definition; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Department of Public Safety; subsistence and per diem allowances; receipt of badge and duty weapon upon retirement; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 2 of Title 35 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the Department of Public Safety, so as to provide for subsistence and per diem allowances; to provide for receipt of badge and duty weapon upon retirement; to provide for authority to grant salary increases upon completion of certain education courses; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Emergency Powers of the Governor; certain business and religious institutions may continue to resume operations; certain states of emergency; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Part 1 of Article 3 of Chapter 3 of Title 38 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to emergency powers of the governor, so as to provide that certain business and religious institutions may continue or resume operations if in compliance with applicable safety procedures during certain states of emergency; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Revenue and Taxation; financial institutions to provide certain information related to delinquent taxpayers to the Department of Revenue under certain conditions; require. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 2 of Chapter 2 of Title 48 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the administration of revenue and taxation, so as to require financial institutions to provide certain information related to delinquent taxpayers to the Department of Revenue under certain conditions; to provide for conditions, limitations, and prohibitions; to provide for reporting; to provide for violations and penalties; to provide for definitions; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Elections and Primaries; persons or entities that mail absentee ballot applications shall mail such applications only to eligible registered electors; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 2 of Title 21 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to elections and primaries generally, so as to provide that persons or entities that mail absentee ballot applications shall mail such applications only to eligible registered electors who have not already requested, been issued, or voted an absentee ballot; to require certain comparisons to remove improper names from mail distribution lists; to provide for sanctions for violations; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Education; State Board of the Technical College System of Georgia to award high school diplomas; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 4 of Title 20 of the O.C.G.A., relating to vocational, technical, and adult education, so as to provide for the State Board of the Technical College System of Georgia to award high school diplomas; to provide for a pilot program by the State Board of the Technical College System of Georgia to allow students who are 16 years of age or older, who have completed certain secondary school coursework requirements, and who have withdrawn from secondary school, to enroll in the Dual Achieve Program at a technical college of this state and achieve a high school diploma in conjunction with successful completion of the program; to amend Chapter 2 of Title 20 of the O.C.G.A., relating to elementary and secondary education; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: DeKalb County School Districts; boundaries of the City of Atlanta independent school systems are not extended by annexation; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to create and establish in DeKalb County, Georgia, districts from which the members of the County Board of Education of DeKalb County shall be elected, approved April 12, 1963 (Ga. L. 1963, p. 3424), as amended, so as to provide that the boundaries of the City of Atlanta independent school systems are not extended by annexation unless expressly approved in a separate local law or intergovernmental agreement; to provide for transfer of students; to provide for ownership of property and buildings; to provide for binding arbitration; to provide for no change in school system boundaries under certain circumstances; to provide for intergovernmental agreements; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Motor Vehicles and Traffic; definitions relative to registration and licensing of motor vehicles; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 40 of the O.C.G.A., relating to motor vehicles and traffic, so as to provide for definitions relative to registration and licensing of motor vehicles; to provide for certain exceptions to the issuance of license plates, application for motor vehicle registration, and the design and display of license plates and revalidation decals; to provide for procedures, conditions, and standards for the issuance and display of digital license plates on motor vehicles; to provide for duties and rights of digital license plate providers; to authorize the adoption of rules and regulations by the Department of Revenue in relation to such license plates and providers; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Probate Court of Crisp County; office of judge; future elections; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide that future elections for the office of judge of the probate court of Crisp County shall be nonpartisan elections; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Contracts and Purchases by Public Schools; payment on guaranteed energy saving contracts; proceeds from local option sales taxes collected for educational purposes; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 10 of Chapter 2 of Title 20 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to contracts and purchases by public schools, so as to provide for payment on guaranteed energy saving contracts by local school systems using proceeds from local option sales taxes collected for educational purposes; to provide for phased implementation of energy or operational cost savings measures; to revise a definition; to amend Chapter 37 of Title 50 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to guaranteed energy savings performance contracting, so as to revise definitions; to increase the value percentage threshold applicable to certain improvements; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Regulation of Hospitals; certified medication aides to administer certain medications to nursing home residents; authorize. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 1 of Chapter 7 of Title 31 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to regulation of hospitals and related institutions, so as to authorize certified medication aides to administer certain medications to nursing home residents under certain circumstances; to provide criteria and requirements; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Vacation of Office; suspension of compensation for certain public officers who are suspended because of indictment for a felony; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 5 of Title 45 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to vacation of office, so as to provide for the suspension of compensation for certain public officers who are suspended because of indictment for a felony; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Alcoholic Beverages; regulation of the manufacture, distribution, and sale of malt beverages; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 3 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to alcoholic beverages, so as to provide for regulation of the manufacture, distribution, and sale of malt beverages; to provide a definition; to permit small brewers to sell a limited quantity of malt beverages at retail on the premises for consumption on and off of the premises; to provide for the transfer of a limited quantity of malt beverages by small brewers and brewpubs; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: "The Georgia Civics Renewal Act"; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 2 of Chapter 14 of Title 20 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to education accountability assessment programs, so as to create the Georgia Commission on Civics Education; to provide for membership, filling of vacancies, terms, officers, duties, meetings, and reimbursement of members of the commission; to provide for a short title; to provide for legislative intent; to provide for automatic repeal; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ethics in Government; leadership committees; chairpersons; such committees may receive contributions and make expenditures; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 5 of Title 21 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to ethics in government, so as to provide for a definition; to provide for leadership committees; to provide for chairpersons; to provide that such committees may receive contributions and make expenditures; to provide for disposition of assets in certain circumstances; to provide for filings and reports; to provide an exception from contribution limits; to provide for certain notices; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: State Symbols; pecan as the official state nut; designate. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 3 of Chapter 3 of Title 50 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to state symbols, so as to designate the pecan as the official state nut; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: License Plates; individuals who served in the armed forces for an ally of the United States during active military combat; provide a veteran's license plate. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 3 of Chapter 2 of Title 40 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to prestige license plates and special plates for certain persons and vehicles, so as to provide for a veteran's license plate to individuals who served in the armed forces for an ally of the United States during active military combat; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Sale or Distribution of Harmful Materials to Minors; provisions of Code Section 16-12-103 shall be applicable to libraries operated by schools; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Part 3 of Article 3 of Chapter 12 of Title 16 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to sale or distribution of harmful materials to minors, so as to provide that the provisions of Code Section 16-12-103 shall be applicable to libraries operated by schools; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Eminent Domain; alternative process for a county, municipality, or consolidated government to condemn certain blighted properties; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 1 of Title 22 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to general provisions regarding eminent domain, so as to provide for an alternative process for a county, municipality, or consolidated government to condemn certain blighted properties; to provide for definitions; to provide for procedures; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Education; pilot program; individuals between ages 21 and 35 who have not attained a high school diploma; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 2 of Title 20 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to elementary and secondary education, so as to provide for a pilot program to allow for certain adults to enroll in charter schools that provide instruction only for individuals between ages 21 and 35 residing in this state who have not attained a high school diploma; to provide for an exception to the maximum age of eligibility for enrollment; to authorize local boards of education or the State Charter Schools Commission to approve charter schools that serve only individuals between ages 21 and 35 residing in this state who have not attained a high school diploma; to provide for funding for such charter schools; to provide for an effective date and applicability; to provide for a repealer; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Coosa High School girls volleyball team; winning the 2018 GHSA 2A/A State Volleyball Championship; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Coosa High School girls volleyball team for winning the 2018 GHSA 2A/A State Volleyball Championship; and for other purposes
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: "Georgia Uniform Mediation Act"; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 9 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to civil practice, so as to provide for uniform laws governing mediation and participants in mediation; to provide for definitions; to provide for privileges against disclosure, admissibility, and discovery; to provide for waiver and preclusion of privilege; to provide for exceptions to privilege; to provide for confidentiality and mediator disclosure of conflicts; to provide for international commercial mediation and electronic signatures; to provide for uniformity of construction and severability; to provide for applicability; to provide a short title; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Offenses Against Public Order; offense of wearing a mask, hood, or device which conceals the identity of the wearer; revise. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 2 of Chapter 11 of Title 16 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to offenses against public order, so as to revise the offense of wearing a mask, hood, or device which conceals the identity of the wearer; to clarify application; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Alcoholic Beverages; food service establishments to sell mixed drinks for off-premises consumption in approved containers under certain conditions; allow. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 3 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to alcoholic beverages, so as to allow food service establishments licensed to sell distilled spirits for consumption on the premises to sell mixed drinks for off-premises consumption in approved containers under certain conditions; to provide for definitions; to provide for the Commissioner of Revenue to promulgate certain rules and regulations; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: License Plates; specialty license plate supporting members of the United States Army Rangers; establish. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 40-2-86 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to special license plates promoting or supporting certain worthy agencies, funds, or nonprofit corporations with proceeds disbursed to the general fund and the agency, fund, or nonprofit corporation, so as to establish a specialty license plate supporting members of the United States Army Rangers; to provide for related matters; to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Code Of Georgia; enactment of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated; revise provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 1 of Title 1 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to general provisions, so as to revise provisions relating to the enactment of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated; to clarify the portions of the Code which have the effect of law; to clarify the matter included in the Code that does not have the effect of law; to amend Chapter 9 of Title 28 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the Code Revision Commission, so as to clarify the oversight of the commission with respect to state content; to clarify the oversight of the commission with respect to supplementary content; to revise a provision relating to copyright of the Code; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Public Officers; suspension of compensation because of indictment for a felony; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 5 of Title 45 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to vacation of office, so as to provide for the suspension of compensation for certain public officers who are suspended because of indictment for a felony; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Elections and Voting; revise comprehensively. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to comprehensively revise elections and voting; to amend Chapter 2 of Title 21 of the O.C.G.A., relating to elections and primaries generally, so as to provide for the establishment of a voter intimidation and illegal election activities hotline; to limit the ability of the State Election Board and the Secretary of State to enter into certain consent agreements; to amend Article 1 of Chapter 13 of Title 50 of the O.C.G.A., relating to general provisions regarding administrative procedure, so as to provide for the submission and suspension of emergency rules by the State Election Board; to provide for severability; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: "The Learning Pod Protection Act"; exemptions applicable to learning pods, student attendance, administrative and judicial proceedings; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 20-2-690 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to educational entities and requirements for private schools and home study programs, so as to provide for "The Learning Pod Protection Act"; to provide for exemptions applicable to learning pods; to provide for student attendance; to provide for administrative and judicial proceedings; to provide for severability; to provide for a short title; to provide for legislative purpose; to provide for definitions; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Agricultural Commodity Commissions; public hearings with online public comment opportunities; replace. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 2 of Chapter 8 of Title 2 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to agricultural commodity commissions generally, so as to replace certain public hearings with online public comment opportunities; to revise procedures for issuing, amending, and renewing marketing orders; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Medicaid; postpartum coverage under Medicaid from six months to one year following birth; increase. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 7 of Chapter 4 of Title 49 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to medical assistance generally, so as to increase postpartum coverage under Medicaid from six months to one year following birth; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Elections and Primaries; notice when polling places are relocated; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 2 of Title 21 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to elections and primaries generally, so as to provide for notice when polling places are relocated; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: "OneGeorgia Authority Act"; grant program to support border region retail and tourism projects; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 34 of Title 50 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the "OneGeorgia Authority Act," so as to provide for a grant program to support border region retail and tourism projects; to provide for criteria; to provide for legislative findings; to provide for a definition; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: County Boards of Health; comprehensive reorganization; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 12, Code Section 16-12-4, Code Section 19-11-9, Chapter 2 of Title 26, Title 31, and Code Section 43-18-75 of the O.C.G.A., relating to conservation and natural resources, cruelty to animals, location of absent parents by department, standards, labeling, and adulteration of food, health, and inspections, suspension or revocation of license, and other disciplinary actions, respectively, so as to provide for the reorganization of county boards of health; to revise the powers of county boards of health; to authorize the Department of Public Health to select district health directors; to provide for qualifications of district health directors; to authorize the commissioner of public health to select chief medical officers; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Georgia Crime Information Center; criminal history record restrictions for certain persons cited with or convicted of certain criminal offenses; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 2 of Chapter 3 of Title 35 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to Georgia Crime Information Center, so as to provide for criminal history record restrictions for certain persons cited with or convicted of certain criminal offenses; to provide that restricted criminal history record information shall be available to criminal justice agencies; to amend Article 3 of Chapter 8 of Title 42 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to first offenders, so as to revise the procedure for petitioning for exoneration and discharge when an individual has qualified for sentencing as a first offender; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Dangerous Instrumentalities and Practices; firearms and the carrying and possession of firearms and weapons; revise various laws. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 4 of Chapter 11 of Title 16 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to dangerous instrumentalities and practices, so as to revise various laws pertaining to firearms and the carrying and possession of firearms and other weapons; to revise data base prohibition; to provide for a definition; to provide for causes of action; to provide for a preemption for the discharge of firearms under certain circumstances; to amend Article 3 of Chapter 5 of Title 17 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to disposition of property seized, so as to revise requirements for the disposition of firearms in custody of law enforcement agencies; to provide for causes of action; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Soil Amendments; exclude from regulation. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 2-12-80 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to promulgation and adoption of rules and regulations and sharing of information, so as to exclude certain soil amendments from regulation; to limit locally adopted buffers and setbacks; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Teachers Retirement System of Georgia; retired member who elected an optional retirement allowance; eligible to change any of such named beneficiaries; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 3 of Title 47 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the Teachers Retirement System of Georgia, so as to provide that a retired member who elected an optional retirement allowance that included one or more named beneficiaries shall be eligible to change any of such named beneficiaries under certain conditions and limitations; to provide for related matters; to provide conditions for an effective date and automatic repeal; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Bartow County; homestead exemption; school district ad valorem taxes for educational purposes; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide a homestead exemption from Bartow County school district ad valorem taxes for educational purposes in the full amount of the first $400,000.00 of the assessed value of the homestead for residents of that school district who are 80 years of age or older; to provide that applicants have paid ad valorem property taxes in Bartow County for the previous five years; to provide for definitions; to specify the terms and conditions of the exemption and the procedures relating thereto; to provide for applicability; to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to provide for a referendum, effective dates, and automatic repeal; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Bartow County School District Ad Valorem Taxes; homestead exemption; increase exemption amount. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing for a homestead exemption from certain Bartow County School District ad valorem taxes for educational purposes for certain residents of that school district who are 65 years of age or older, approved April 5, 1994 (Ga. L. 1994, p. 4904), as amended by an Act approved April 13, 2001 (Ga. L. 2001, p. 3669), so as to increase the exemption amount; to provide for a referendum, effective dates, and automatic repeal under certain circumstances; to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: County Law Libraries; authorize the charging and collection of law library fees in county recorders' courts and magistrate courts; allow county governing authorities. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 15 of Title 36 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to county law libraries, so as to allow county governing authorities to authorize the charging and collection of law library fees in county recorders' courts and magistrate courts; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Darville, Dr. Dub; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dr. Dub Darville; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Firearms; extend the exemptions from carry laws for court officials to include carrying inside of a courthouse. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Part 3 of Article 4 of Chapter 11 of Title 16 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to carrying and possession of firearms, so as extend the exemptions from weapons carry laws for certain court officials to include carrying inside of a courthouse; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: State Flag, Seal, and Other Symbols; placement of a monument to honor the Original 33; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 3 of Title 50 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to state flag, seal, and other symbols, so as to provide for placement of a monument to honor the Original 33; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lumpkin County; board of commissioners; qualifications for the county manager; revise. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to create the board of commissioners of Lumpkin County, approved April 13, 2001 (Ga. L. 2001, p. 4272), as amended, so as to revise the qualifications for the county manager; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Sheriffs' Retirement Fund of Georgia; increase in dues; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 16 of Title 47 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the Sheriffs' Retirement Fund of Georgia, so as to provide for an increase in dues; to provide for an increase in the sum to be paid for purchasing prior service credit; to provide for payment to the fund for fees collected in criminal and quasi-criminal cases prior to adjudication of guilt; to increase payments to the fund from fees collected in civil actions; to increase the benefit payable upon the death of certain members of the fund; to provide for related matters; to provide conditions for an effective date and automatic repeal; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lincoln County; board of elections and registration; abolition of the board on a date certain; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating a board of elections and registration for Lincoln County approved April 4, 1996 (Ga. L. 1996, p. 4210), as amended, so as to provide for abolition of the board on a date certain; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lincoln County; board of elections and registration; reconstitute and reestablish. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to reconstitute and reestablish the board of elections and registration for Lincoln County, Georgia; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Randolph County; board of elections and registration; expand from three to five members. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to create a board of elections and registration for Randolph County and to provide for its powers and duties, approved May 3, 2017 (Ga. L. 2017, p. 3723), so as to expand the board from three to five members; to provide for the appointment and terms of board members; to provide for the nomination of certain potential board members; to provide for related matters; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Henry County Water Authority; provide for a sixth member of the authority's board. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating the Henry County Water Authority, approved March 28, 1961 (Ga. L. 1961, p. 2588), as amended, particularly by an Act approved April 12, 1982 (Ga. L. 1982, p. 4081), so as to provide for a sixth member of the authority's board; to update quorums and majorities of the board; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: "Henry County Development Authority Act"; appointment of a sixth member of the authority appointed by the chairperson of the Board of Commissioners of Henry County; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act amending and restating an Act known as the "Henry County Development Authority Act," approved April 25, 2002 (Ga. L. 2002, p. 5046), as amended, so as to provide for the appointment of a sixth member of the authority appointed by the chairperson of the Board of Commissioners of Henry County; to revise provisions regarding quorum and majorities of the authority board; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: City of Eton; annexation of certain territory into the boundaries of the city; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing a new charter for the City of Eton, approved March 26, 1987 (Ga. L. 1987, p. 4689), as amended, particularly by an Act approved May 12, 2011 (Ga. L. 2011, p. 4095), so as to provide for the annexation of certain territory into the boundaries of the city; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Board of Education of Evans County; compensation of the board; revise. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing for the composition of the Board of Education of Evans County, approved March 26, 1987 (Ga. L. 1987, p. 4782), as amended, so as to revise the compensation of the board; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: City of Decatur; independent school district ad valorem taxes for educational purposes; provide homestead exemption. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide a homestead exemption from City of Decatur independent school district ad valorem taxes for educational purposes for five years in the amount of $200,000.00 of the assessed value of the homestead for residents of that school district who are between 65 and 69 years of age and whose income does not exceed $53,000.00; to provide a homestead exemption from City of Decatur independent school district ad valorem taxes for educational purposes for five years in the amount of $200,000.00 of the assessed value of the homestead for residents of that school district who are 70 years of age or older regardless of income; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: DeKalb County; conditions upon the expansion of the boundaries of the City of Decatur independent school systems; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to create and establish in DeKalb County, Georgia, districts from which the members of the County Board of Education of DeKalb County shall be elected, approved April 12, 1963 (Ga. L. 1963, p. 3424), as amended, so as to provide conditions upon the expansion of the boundaries of the City of Decatur independent school systems that are extended by annexation by the City of Decatur; to provide constitutional authority and legislative purpose; to provide for definitions; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: City of Chamblee; change the election districts to provide for four council districts and one at-large districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating a new charter for the City of Chamblee, approved March 28, 1935 (Ga. L. 1935, p. 976), as amended, so as to change the election districts to provide for four council districts and one at-large district; to provide for terms of office; to define the boundaries of the four numbered districts; to provide for related matters; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: City of Cleveland Building Authority; create and establish. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to create and establish the City of Cleveland Building Authority; to provide for severability; to provide for a short title; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: White County; Board of Commissioners members; expense allowances; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to reconstitute the Board of Commissioners of White County, approved May 13, 2008 (Ga. L. 2008, p. 4205), as amended, so as to provide for expense allowances for members of the board of commissioners; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hall County; board of education members; compensation; revise. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing a method of compensating the members of the board of education of Hall County, approved February 25, 1991 (Ga. L. 1991, p. 3504), as amended, so as to revise such compensation; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Hall County; Board of Commissioners; law concerning the expense allowances received by the chairperson and members; provisions; change. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating a Board of Commissioners for Hall County, approved March 21, 1935 (Ga. L. 1935, p. 661), as amended, particularly by an Act approved May 18, 2007 (Ga. L. 2007 p. 3951), so as to change the provisions of law concerning the expense allowance received by the chairperson and members of the Board of Commissioners of Hall County; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Thomas, Captain Arlen; grand occasion of his retirement; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Captain Arlen Thomas upon the grand occasion of his retirement; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Tattnall County; compensation and expense supplements of the chairperson and members of the board of commissioners; provisions; change. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating a board of commissioners for Tattnall County, approved August 18, 1927 (Ga. L. 1927, p. 674), as amended, particularly by an Act approved April 25, 2002 (Ga. L. 2002, p. 4730), so as to change certain provisions relating to compensation and expense supplements of the chairperson and members of the board of commissioners; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: City of Carrollton, Georgia; exercise all redevelopment and other powers ; authorize; referendum; effective dates. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to authorize the City of Carrollton, Georgia, to exercise all redevelopment and other powers under Article IX, Section II, Paragraph VII(b) of the Georgia Constitution and Chapter 44 of Title 36 of the O.C.G.A., the "Redevelopment Powers Law," as amended; to provide for a referendum; to provide for effective dates; to provide for automatic repeal under certain circumstances; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Pulaski County; compensation of future county officers; revise. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to provide for minimum compensation for certain county officers of Pulaski County, approved April 11, 1979 (Ga. L. 1979, p. 4129), so as to revise the compensation of future county officers; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Peach County Public Facilities Authority; create. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to create the Peach County Public Facilities Authority; to provide for the appointment of members of the authority; to provide for a short title; to confer powers upon the authority; to provide for purpose and scope of operations of the authority; to provide for definitions; to authorize the issuance of revenue bonds of the authority; to fix and provide the venue and jurisdiction of actions relating to any provisions of this Act; to provide for moneys received and trust funds; to provide for tort immunity; to provide for tax exemption, rates, charges, and revenues; to provide for effect on other governments; to provide for construction of act and severability; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Early County; school district ad valorem taxes; educational purposes; provide homestead exemption. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide a homestead exemption from Early County school district ad valorem taxes for educational purposes for the full amount of the assessed value of the homestead for residents of that school district who are 70 years of age or older and whose income, excluding certain retirement income, does not exceed $69,680.00; to provide for definitions; to specify the terms and conditions of the exemption and the procedures relating thereto; to provide for applicability; to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to provide for a referendum, effective dates, and automatic repeal; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Henry County; board of commissioners vacancies; provisions; revise. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to provide for a new Board of Commissioners of Henry County, approved March 28, 1974 (Ga. L. 1974, p. 3680), as amended, so as to revise provisions regarding vacancies on the board of commissioners; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Pulaski County; board of elections and registration; create. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to create a board of elections and registration for Pulaski County; to provide for related matters; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Stalking; a person 18 years old or older who commits the offense of stalking against a minor shall be guilty of a high and aggravated misdemeanor; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 7 of Chapter 5 of Title 16 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to stalking, so as to provide that a person 18 years old or older who commits the offense of stalking against a minor shall be guilty of a high and aggravated misdemeanor; to provide for penalties; to amend Subpart 2 of Part 2 of Article 16 of Chapter 2 of Title 20 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to public school disciplinary tribunals, so as to require local boards of education to provide notice to students and parents of students that some acts of bullying and cyberbullying can constitute criminal violations, punishable by fines, imprisonment, or both; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: "Georgia Constitutional Carry Act of 2021"; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 1 of Chapter 3 of Title 12 of the O.C.G.A., relating to general provisions regarding parks, historic areas, memorials, and recreation; to amend Part 3 of Article 4 of Chapter 11 of Title 16 of the O.C.G.A., relating to carrying and possession of firearms; to amend Part 2 of Article 4 of Chapter 12 of Title 16 of the O.C.G.A., relating to transportation passenger safety; to amend Title 27 of the O.C.G.A., relating to game and fish, so as to revise certain laws regarding the carrying of firearms; to amend Part 2 of Article 10 of Chapter 6 of Title 40 of the O.C.G.A., relating to parking for persons with disabilities; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: DeKalb County; salary of certain judges, judicial officers, and county officers; increase. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing for the compensation of certain county officers and officials of DeKalb County, approved March 31, 1976 (Ga. L. 1976, p. 3986), as amended, so as to increase the salary of certain judges, judicial officers, and county officers; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: State Flag, Seal, Symbols; placement of a monument in honor of the Honorable Clarence Thomas within the capitol building or grounds; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 3 of Title 50 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to state flag, seal, and other symbols, so as to provide for placement of a monument in honor of the Honorable Clarence Thomas within the capitol building or grounds; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: "Giving the Gift of Life Act"; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 33 of the O.C.G.A., relating to insurance, so as to prohibit insurers from cancelling, modifying coverage, refusing to issue, or refusing to renew life insurance policies solely because the applicant or insured donated a liver or kidney; to amend Chapter 7 of Title 48 of the O.C.G.A., relating to income taxes, so as to revise an income tax deduction based on a taxpayer's living donation of all or part of his or her liver, pancreas, kidney, intestine, lung, or bone marrow; to provide for related matters; to provide for effective dates and applicability; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: "Protecting Georgia Businesses and Workers Act"; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 4 of Title 34 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to minimum wage law, so as to prohibit the regulation of employee work hours, scheduling, and output by local government entities; to provide for exceptions; to provide for a short title; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: "Inform Consumers Act" enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 1 of Title 10 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to selling and other trade practices, so as to provide for certain disclosures by third-party high-volume sellers of consumer products on online marketplaces; to provide for definitions; to require online marketplaces to provide certain notifications and a consumer reporting mechanism; to provide for civil remedies; to provide for a short title; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Education; agents and agent's permits; to repeal definitions of such terms; provisions; remove. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Part 1A of Article 7 of Chapter 3 of Title 20 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to nonpublic postsecondary educational institutions, so as to remove provisions related to agents and agent's permits; to repeal definitions of such terms; to provide for new exemptions from applicability of the part relating to certain programs for industry-specific certifications and certain short courses; to provide for expanded exemption from applicability of the part for certain programs where students obtain occupational training through employment experience; to remove bonding requirements for authorized institutions; to revise Tuition Guaranty Trust Fund participation requirements; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lumpkin County; board of commissioners; reconstitute. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating the Board of Commissioners of Lumpkin County, approved April 13, 2001 (Ga. L. 2001, p. 4272), as amended, particularly by an Act approved September 21, 2011 (Ga. L. 2011 Ex. Sess., p. 331), so as to reconstitute the board of commissioners; to change the description of the commissioner districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bleckley County Board of Education and School Superintendent; new district boundaries; definitions and inclusions; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act revising and restating the law relating to the Bleckley County Board of Education and school superintendent, approved April 20, 2012 (Ga. L. 2012, p. 5588), so as to provide new district boundaries; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of the current members; to provide for effective dates; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Thompson, Ben; Walnut Grove High School's 2019 STAR Student; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Ben Thompson, Walnut Grove High School's 2019 STAR Student; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: 'Green Call Act'; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 3 of Title 35 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the Georgia Bureau of Investigation, so as to provide for a green alert program to notify the public when a veteran or military service member known to have a physical or mental health condition related to his or her service, or who is at imminent risk of self-harm, is missing; to provide for definitions; to provide for procedures and cooperation of state agencies; to provide for certain immunities; to provide for a short title; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hospital Authorities and Designated Teaching Hospitals; definitions; revise. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 31-7-95 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to funding of medical education provided by hospital authorities and designated teaching hospitals, so as to revise definitions; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Healthcare Services; guidelines for the prior authorization of a prescribed medication for chronic conditions requiring ongoing medication therapy; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 2 of Chapter 46 of Title 33 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the prior authorizations of healthcare services, so as to provide guidelines for the prior authorization of a prescribed medication for chronic conditions requiring ongoing medication therapy under certain circumstances; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date and applicability; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Insurance; annual reporting regarding mental health parity in healthcare plans; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 24 of Title 33 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to insurance generally, so as to provide for annual reporting regarding mental health parity in healthcare plans; to provide definitions; to establish penalties; to provide for rules and regulations; to provide for an effective date and applicability; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Retirement; prohibition of granting postretirement benefit adjustments to any individual who became a member on or after July 1, 2009; remove. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 47 of the O.C.G.A., relating to retirement and pensions, so as to remove the prohibition of granting postretirement benefit adjustments to any individual who became a member on or after July 1, 2009, of the Employees' Retirement System of Georgia, the Georgia Legislative Retirement System, or the Georgia Judicial Retirement System; to allow for the possibility of such adjustments for such members granted on or after July 1, 2022; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: State Government; state and local governments from mandating vaccine passports; prohibit. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 1 of Title 50 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to general provisions regarding state government, so as to prohibit state and local governments from mandating vaccine passports; to provide for a definition; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Department of Administrative Services; companies owned or operated by China to bid on or submit a proposal for a state contract; prohibit. Description: A BILL To be entitled an Act to amend Part 1 of Article 3 of Chapter 5 of Title 50 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to general authority, duties, and procedure of the Department of Administrative Services, so as to prohibit companies owned or operated by China to bid on or submit a proposal for a state contract; to provide for definitions; to provide for certifications; to provide penalties for false certifications; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: White County; new commissioner districts; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act reconstituting the Board of Commissioners of White County, approved May 13, 2008 (Ga. L. 2008, p. 4205), as amended, so as to provide new commissioner districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for related matters; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Yakubu, Officer Olajide; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Officer Olajide Yakubu; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Professions; issuance of expedited licenses by endorsement for certain licenses to spouses of firefighters, healthcare providers, and law enforcement officers who relocate to the State of Georgia; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 1 of Title 43 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to general provisions of professions and businesses, so as to provide for the issuance of expedited licenses by endorsement for certain licenses to spouses of firefighters, healthcare providers, and law enforcement officers who relocate to the State of Georgia; to establish qualifications for such expedited license by endorsement; to provide for definitions; to provide for exceptions; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Drivers' License; judicial discretion in suspension of a driver's license upon failure to appear for certain traffic violations; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 17 and Chapter 5 of Title 40 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to criminal procedure and drivers' licenses, respectively, so as to provide for judicial discretion in suspension of a driver's license upon failure to appear for certain traffic violations; to provide for notice of license suspension for failure to appear for certain traffic violations; to provide for standards for issuance of bench warrants; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date and applicability; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Military Student Transfers; military students with the discretion to select adjacent school districts for attendance; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 20-2-295 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to military student transfers, so as to provide military students with the discretion to select adjacent school districts for attendance; to provide for a standard process of military student school transfers; to provide for annual notification; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Public Safety Training Center; reimbursement of certain costs incurred by active duty, retired, or honorably discharged members of the US armed forces who are attending basic law enforcement training; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 35-5-5 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the Georgia Public Safety Training Center available for use by certain personnel, fees, enrollment, authorization for expenditure of funds, and powers and duties, so as to provide for the reimbursement of certain costs incurred by active duty, retired, or honorably discharged members of the United States armed forces who are attending basic law enforcement training; to provide for limitations on such reimbursements; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: "Safe and Secure Georgia Act"; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 1 of Title 15 of the O.C.G.A., relating to general provisions concerning courts, so as to require a biennial report and recommendation from the Council of Accountability Court Judges of Georgia to various officials of the General Assembly; to provide for a short title; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date and applicability; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: "Colton's Law"; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 16-5-102 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to exploitation and intimidation of disabled adults, elder persons, and residents, and obstruction of investigation, so as to enact "Colton's Law"; to provide a short title; to provide for the protections for disabled minors; to amend Title 42 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to penal institutions, so as to amend cross references; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: "Law Enforcement Strategic Support Act" or "LESS Crime Act"; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 7 of Title 48 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to income taxes, so as to enact the "Law Enforcement Strategic Support Act" ("LESS Crime Act"); to provide for tax credits for certain contributions made by taxpayers to certain local law enforcement foundations; to provide for an aggregate annual limit; to provide for terms and conditions; to provide for applications and certifications; to provide for the revocation of qualified status; to provide for certain penalties; to require annual reporting; to provide for rules and regulations; to provide for a short title; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date, applicability, and an automatic repeal; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lanier County Building Authority; definition of "project"; revise. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to create the Lanier County Building Authority, approved July 29, 2020 (Ga. L. 2020, p. 4077), so as to revise the definition of "project"; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: "Fair Business Practices Act of 1975,"; class action suits and for damages for violating the requirements for solicitations for corporate filings; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Part 2 of Article 15 of Chapter 1 of Title 10 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the "Fair Business Practices Act of 1975," so as to provide for class action suits and for damages for violating the requirements for solicitations for corporate filings or employment or labor related posters or notices; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Telephone Service; class action suits and for damages against certain persons for violating provisions relating to telephone solicitations; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Part 1 of Article 2 of Title 46 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to general provisions relative to telephone service, so as to provide for class action suits and for damages against certain persons for violating provisions relating to telephone solicitations; to provide for legislative findings; to provide for actions and damages against persons and entities on whose behalf such provisions were violated; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Board of Commissioners of Carroll County; descriptions of the commissioner districts; change. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act amending, revising, superseding, and consolidating the laws pertaining to the Board of Commissioners of Carroll County, approved February 28, 1989 (Ga. L. 1989, p. 3546), as amended, particularly by an Act approved February 15, 2012 (Ga. L. 2012, p. 3564), so as to change the descriptions of the commissioner districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of the current chairperson and members; to provide effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lumpkin County Board of Education; description of the education districts; change. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to provide for the election of the members of the Lumpkin County Board of Education, approved April 12, 1982 (Ga. L. 1982, p. 4277), as amended, particularly by an Act approved September 21, 2011 (Ga. L. 2011 Ex. Sess., p. 336), so as to change the description of the education districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for related matters; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Board of Education of White County; new education districts; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to provide for the method of election of the members of the Board of Education of White County, approved May 13, 2008 (Ga. L. 2008, p. 4291), as amended, so as to provide for new education districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Board of Education of Gwinnett County; future elections for members of the board of education shall be nonpartisan; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act relating to education districts for the election of members of the Board of Education of Gwinnett County, approved April 7, 1972 (Ga. L. 1972, p. 4058), as amended, so as to provide that future elections for members of the board of education shall be nonpartisan; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: "Fostering Success Act"; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 7 of Title 48 of the O.C.G.A., relating to income taxes, so as to enact the "Fostering Success Act"; to provide for tax credits for certain contributions made by taxpayers to certain foster child support organizations; to provide for definitions; to provide for an aggregate annual limit; to provide for terms and conditions; to provide for applications and certifications; to provide for the revocation of qualified status; to provide for audits; to provide for certain penalties; to require annual reporting; to provide for the discretion to refer certain acts to the Attorney General for investigation and prosecution; to provide for rules and regulations; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date and applicability; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Board of Commissioners of Haralson County; election of members of the board of commissioners; revise the districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating a multimember board of commissioners of Haralson County, approved August 24, 2001 (Ga. L. 2001, Ex. Sess., p. 247), as amended, particularly by an Act approved April 4, 2012 (Ga. L. 2012, p. 4648), so as to revise the districts for the election of members of the board of commissioners; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for the continuation in office for the current members; to provide for related matters; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Georgia Data Analytic Center; establish as an agent of all executive state agencies; definitions; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Part 3 of Article 4 of Chapter 12 of Title 45 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the Georgia Data Analytic Center, so as to provide for definitions; to establish the Georgia Data Analytic Center as an agent of all executive state agencies; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Board of Commissioners of Brooks County; description of the commissioner districts; change. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating the board of commissioners of Brooks County, approved August 11, 1881 (Ga. L. 1880 - 1881, p. 518), as amended, so as to change the description of the commissioner districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for the continuation in office of current members; to provide for effective dates; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Board of Education of Gwinnett County; education district boundaries; revise. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act relating to education districts for the election of members of the Board of Education of Gwinnett County, approved April 7, 1972 (Ga. L. 1972, p. 4058), as amended, particularly by an Act approved September 21, 2011 (Ga. L. 2011 Ex. Sess., p. 402), so as to revise the education district boundaries; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for the continuation in office of current members; to provide for effective dates; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: State Government; take measures to prevent the use of curricula or training programs which act upon, promote, or encourage certain concepts, with exceptions; require state agencies. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Titles 20 and 50 of the O.C.G.A., relating to education and state government, respectively, so as to require state agencies, the Board of Regents of the University System of Georgia, the State Board of the Technical College System of Georgia, units of the University System of Georgia, units of the Technical College System of Georgia, local boards of education, and local school systems to take measures to prevent the use of curricula or training programs which act upon, promote, or encourage certain concepts, with exceptions; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Reckless Conduct; definition of hazing; expand. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 4 of Chapter 5 of Title 16 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to reckless conduct, so as to expand the definition of hazing; to provide for inclusion of minors as subjects of hazing; to provide for penalties; to provide for the Attorney General to bring civil actions against certain organizations regarding hazing incidents; to amend Article 3 of Chapter 1 of Title 20 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to mandatory reporting of hazing, so as to provide for mandatory reports and disclosures of hazing related violations at postsecondary educational institutions in the state; to provide for and revise definitions; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: State Board of the Technical College System of Georgia; establish a program to promote the creation and expansion of registered apprenticeship programs in the state; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 4 of Title 20 of the O.C.G.A., relating to vocational, technical, and adult education, so as to provide for the State Board of the Technical College System of Georgia to establish a program to promote the creation and expansion of registered apprenticeship programs in the state; to authorize the acceptance of grants and other funds; to provide for definitions; to provide for rules and regulations; to provide for a repealer; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Pimping and Pandering; penalty provisions; increase. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 16-6-13 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to penalties for violating Code Sections 16-6-9 through 16-6-12, so as to increase the penalty provisions relating to pimping and pandering; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Child Molestation; misdemeanor convictions for the offense of aggravated child molestation by raising the minimum age of victims from 13 to 14; revise provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 16-6-4 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to child molestation and aggravated child molestation, so as to revise provisions for misdemeanor convictions for the offense of aggravated child molestation by raising the minimum age of victims from 13 to 14; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Board of Commissioners of Columbia County; description of the commissioner districts; change. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating the Board of Commissioners of Columbia County, approved March 21, 1980 (Ga. L. 1980, p. 3707), as amended, particularly by an Act approved March 5, 2012 (Ga. L. 2012, p. 3996), so as to change the description of the commissioner districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for the continuance in office of current members; to provide effective dates; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Board of Education of Columbia County; the description of the education districts; change. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing for the election of the Board of Education of Columbia County, approved March 21, 1968 (Ga. L. 1968, p. 2708), as amended, particularly by an Act approved March 5, 2012 (Ga. L. 2012, p. 3991), so as to change the description of the education districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for the continuation in office of current members; to provide for effective dates; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Board of Commissioners of Meriwether County; description of the commissioner districts; change. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating a Board of Commissioners of Meriwether County, approved December 14, 1871 (Ga. L. 1871-72, p. 230), as amended, particularly by an Act approved March 13, 2012 (Ga. L. 2012, p. 4365), so as to change the description of the commissioner districts; to define certain terms and provide for certain inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for related matters; to provide effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Meriwether County Board of Education; description of the education districts; change. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to reconstitute the Meriwether County Board of Education, approved March 28, 1985 (Ga. L. 1985, p. 4611), as amended, so as to change the description of the education districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for related matters; to provide effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Board of Commissioners of Jeff Davis County; description of the commissioner districts; change. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating the Board of Commissioners of Jeff Davis County, approved March 25, 1958 (Ga. L. 1958, p. 3288), as amended, particularly by an Act approved April 4, 2012 (Ga. L. 2012, p. 4672), so as to change the description of the commissioner districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for election and terms of office of subsequent members; to provide for related matters; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Board of Education of Jeff Davis County; description of the education districts; change. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing for the election of members of the Board of Education of Jeff Davis County, approved March 27, 1972 (Ga. L. 1972, p. 2760), as amended, particularly by an Act approved April 4, 2012 (Ga. L. 2012, p. 4668), so as to change the description of the education districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members and election of subsequent members; to provide for related matters; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: 'Common Carrier Non-Discrimination Act'; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 46 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to public utilities and public transportation, so as to provide for anti-discrimination obligations of common carriers; to provide for a short title; to provide for legislative findings; to provide for definitions; to provide for statutory construction and applicability; to require common carriers to publish transparency reports; to provide for the promulgation of certain rules and regulations; to provide for civil remedies; to provide for related matters; to provide for severability; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Mountain Judicial Circuit; third judge of the superior courts; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 15-6-2 of the O.C.G.A., relating to the number of judges of superior courts, so as to provide for a third judge of the superior courts of the Mountain Judicial Circuit; to provide for the appointment of such additional judge by the Governor; to authorize the governing authority of the counties comprising the Mountain Judicial Circuit to provide facilities, office space, supplies, equipment, and personnel for such judges; to declare inherent authority; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia State Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP); rename such program the Georgia Grown Farm to Food Bank Program (F2FB). Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 17 of Title 2 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the Georgia State Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP), so as to rename such program the Georgia Grown Farm to Food Bank Program (F2FB); to require food procured pursuant to such program be Georgia grown; to require annual reporting related to such program to identify Georgia grown farmers who supplied food; to authorize persons who provide services to such program or the Department of Agriculture to receive food from the program if qualified as a recipient; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: General Educational Development (GED) Diplomas; update and replace terminology; state approved high school equivalency (HSE) diplomas; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Titles 15, 20, 25, 40, 42, and 43 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to courts, education, fire protection and safety, motor vehicles and traffic, penal institutions, and professions and businesses, respectively, so as to update and replace terminology related to general educational development (GED) diplomas; to provide for state approved high school equivalency (HSE) diplomas; to update the minimum standards and requirements for such diplomas to be established by the Technical College System of Georgia; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Board of Education of McDuffie County; change the description of the education districts; change. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing for a seven-member Board of Education of McDuffie County, approved March 27, 1972 (Ga. L. 1972, p. 2538), as amended, particularly by an Act approved April 18, 2013 (Ga. L. 2013, p. 3526), so as to change the description of the education districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for related matters; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Board of Commissioners of McDuffie County; description of the commissioner districts; change. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating a Board of Commissioners of McDuffie County, approved February 16, 1955 (Ga. L. 1955, p. 2331), as amended, particularly by an Act approved February 6, 2012 (Ga. L. 2012, p. 3815), so as to change the description of the commissioner districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for related matters; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Board of Commissioners of Jefferson County; description of the commissioner districts; change. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing for a Board of Commissioners of Jefferson County, approved February 23, 1984 (Ga. L. 1984, p. 3627), as amended, particularly by an Act approved April 4, 2012 (Ga. L. 2012, p. 4701), so as to change the description of the commissioner districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for related matters; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Board of Education of Jefferson County; description of the education districts; change. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing for the election of members of the Board of Education of Jefferson County, approved March 20, 1990 (Ga. L. 1990, p. 4224), as amended, particularly by an Act approved April 4, 2012 (Ga. L. 2012, p. 4707), so as to change the description of the education districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for related matters; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: "Georgia Behavioral Health and Peace Officer Co-Responder Act"; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 37 of the O.C.G.A., relating to mental health, so as to enact the "Georgia Behavioral Health and Peace Officer Co-Responder Act"; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Darden, Judge Linnie L., III; receiving the Humanitarian of the Year Award from Kirk Healing Centers for the Homeless on February 9, 2019; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating Judge Linnie L. Darden III for receiving the Humanitarian of the Year Award from Kirk Healing Centers for the Homeless on February 9, 2019; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Emergency Medical Services Personnel; Georgia Bureau of Investigation and the Federal Bureau of Investigation to retain certain fingerprints under certain conditions; authorize. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 3 of Chapter 11 of Title 31 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to emergency medical services personnel, so as to authorize the Georgia Bureau of Investigation and the Federal Bureau of Investigation to retain certain fingerprints under certain conditions; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Board of Education of Effingham County; description of the education districts; change. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act reconstituting the Board of Education of Effingham County, approved March 26, 1987 (Ga. L. 1987, p. 4596), as amended, so as to change the description of the education districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for related matters; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Board of Commissioners of Effingham County; description of the commissioner districts; change. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating the Board of Commissioners of Effingham County, approved June 26, 1921 (Ga. L. 1921, p. 466), as amended, particularly by an Act approved September 21, 2011 (Ga. L. 2011 Ex. Sess., p. 310), so as to change the description of the commissioner districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for related matters; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Whitfield County Board of Education; description of the education districts; change. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to revise and restate the law relating to the Whitfield County Board of Education, approved June 30, 2020 (Ga. L. 2020, p. 3910), so as to change the description of the education districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Board of Education of Gordon County; description of the education districts; change. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to create a new board of education of Gordon County, approved March 13, 1970 (Ga. L. 1970, p. 2657), as amended, particularly by an Act approved March 12, 1984 (Ga. L. 1984, p. 3899), so as to change the description of the education districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for election and terms of office of subsequent members; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Board of Education of Haralson County; description of the education districts; change. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to provide for the election of the members of the board of education of Haralson County, approved April 12, 1982 (Ga. L. 1982, p. 4523), as amended, particularly by an Act approved February 27, 2012 (Ga. L. 2012, p. 3703), so as to change the description of the education districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office for current members; to provide for effective dates; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Polk County; districts for the election of members of the board of commissioners; revise. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating a board of commissioners of roads and revenue in and for the County of Polk, approved August 19, 1919 (Ga. L. 1919, p. 719), as amended, particularly by an Act approved April 18, 2002 (Ga. L. 2002, p. 4037), so as to revise the districts for the election of members of the board of commissioners; to provide for a definition and inclusions; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Board of Education for Polk County; new district boundaries; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing a new Board of Education for Polk County, approved March 28, 1985 (Ga. L. 1985, p. 4985), as amended, particularly by an Act approved May 6, 2013 (Ga. L. 2013, p. 4160), so as to provide new district boundaries; to provide for a definition and inclusions; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dillard, Chief Judge; use of social media as a tool of civic engagement; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Chief Judge Dillard on his use of social media as a tool of civic engagement; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Board of Commissioners of Long County; description of the commissioner districts; change. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to re-create and establish the Board of Commissioners of Long County, approved March 10, 1988 (Ga. L. 1988, p. 3755), as amended, particularly by an Act approved March 13, 2012 (Ga. L. 2012, p. 4295), so as to change the description of the commissioner districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for effective dates; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Board of Education of Long County; description of the education districts; change. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing for the election of the Board of Education of Long County, approved March 23, 1977 (Ga. L. 1977, p. 3293), as amended, particularly by an Act approved March 13, 2012 (Ga. L. 2012, p. 4300), so as to change the description of the education districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for related matters; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Board of Commissioners of Telfair County; districts for the election of members of the board of commissioners; revise. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act reconstituting the Board of Commissioners of Telfair County, approved June 3, 2003 (Ga. L. 2003, p. 3992), as amended, particularly by an Act approved March 13, 2012 (Ga. L. 2012, p. 4212), so as to revise the districts for the election of members of the board of commissioners; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for the continuation in office of current members; to provide for related matters; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Board of Education of Berrien County; description of the districts from which members of such board are elected; change. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating the Board of Education of Berrien County, approved April 5, 1971 (Ga. L. 1971, p. 3044), as amended, particularly by an Act approved March 13, 2012 (Ga. L. 2012, p. 4358), so as to change the description of the districts from which members of such board are elected; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for related matters; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Board of Commissioners of Roads and Revenues of Berrien County; new commissioner districts; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating the Board of Commissioners of Roads and Revenues of Berrien County, approved September 20, 1887 (Ga. L. 1886-87, p. 664), as amended, particularly by an Act approved March 13, 2012 (Ga. L. 2012, p. 4352), so as to provide for new commissioner districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for related matters; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Governing Authority of Lowndes County; description of the commissioner districts; change. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to amend and supersede the laws pertaining to the governing authority of Lowndes County, approved March 15, 2011 (Ga. L. 2011, p. 3508), as amended, so as to change the description of the commissioner districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for the continuation in office of current members; to provide for effective dates; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Board of Education of Lowndes County; description of the educational districts; change. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing for the number of members and for the election of members of the Board of Education of Lowndes County, approved April 13, 1992 (Ga. L. 1992, p. 5827), as amended, so as to change the description of the educational districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for the continuance in office of current members; to provide for effective dates; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Board of Education of Lanier County; education districts for the election of members of the board of education; revise. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating a new board of education of Lanier County, approved March 13, 1970 (Ga. L. 1970, p. 2709), as amended, particularly by an Act approved May 6, 2015 (Ga. L. 2015, p. 3706), so as to revise the education districts for the election of members of the board of education; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for terms and continuation in office of current members; to provide for related matters; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Board of Commissioners for Lanier County; districts for the election of members of the board of commissioners; revise. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating a board of commissioners for Lanier County, approved March 7, 1933 (Ga. L. 1933, p. 602), as amended, particularly by an Act approved May 6, 2015 (Ga. L. 2015, p. 3701), so as to revise the districts for the election of members of the board of commissioners; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for the manner of election; to provide for the continuation in office of current members; to provide for related matters; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Board of Education for Clinch County; description of education districts; change. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing for the election of the members of the board of education for Clinch County, approved March 28, 1985 (Ga. L. 1985, p. 4918), as amended, so as to change the description of education districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for effective dates; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Board of Commissioners of Clinch County; description of the commissioner districts; change. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating the board of commissioners of Clinch County, approved March 9, 1933 (Ga. L. 1933, p. 456), as amended, particularly by an Act approved March 28, 1985 (Ga. L. 1985, p. 4720), so as to change the description of the commissioner districts; to define certain terms and provide for certain inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for related matters; to provide effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Board of Education of Brooks County; description of the education districts; change. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to provide for reapportionment of the board of education of Brooks County, approved March 5, 1984 (Ga. L. 1984, p. 3717), as amended, so as to change the description of the education districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for the continuation in office of current members; to provide for effective dates; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Board of Commissioners of Worth County; description of the commissioner districts; change. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating and establishing a board of commissioners of Worth County, approved August 15, 1904 (Ga. L. 1904, p. 296), as amended, particularly by an Act approved March 5, 2012 (Ga. L. 2012, p. 4070), so as to change the description of the commissioner districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for related matters; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Worth County Board of Education; description of the education districts; change. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to provide for the election of a chairperson and four members of the Worth County Board of Education, approved March 12, 1986 (Ga. L. 1986, p. 3716), as amended, particularly by an Act approved March 5, 2012 (Ga. L. 2012, p. 4074), so as to change the description of the education districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for related matters; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Board of Commissioners for Screven County; election of members; to revise the districts for the election of members; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act for the election and creation of a board of commissioners for Screven County, approved December 9, 1871 (Ga. L. 1871-72, p. 231), as amended, particularly by an Act approved August 19, 1912 (Ga. L. 1912, p. 456), by an Act approved August 16, 1915 (Ga. L. 1915, p. 345), by an Act approved April 3, 1972 (Ga. L. 1972, p. 3495), and by an Act approved March 5, 2012 (Ga. L. 2012, p. 3911), so as to provide for the election of members of the Board of Commissioners of Screven County; to revise the districts for the election of members of the board of commissioners; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for related matters; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Board of Education of Screven County; districts for the election of members of the board of education; revise. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing for the election of members of the Board of Education of Screven County, approved April 1, 2002 (Ga. L. 2002, p. 3659), as amended, so as to revise the districts for the election of members of the board of education; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for related matters; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Easterseals Georgia; Champions for Children Program Day at the state capitol; January 16, 2019; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing January 16, 2019, as Easterseals Georgia and its Champions for Children Program Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Board of Commissioners of Warren County; description of the commissioner districts; change. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing for a Board of Commissioners of Warren County, approved March 23, 1977 (Ga. L. 1977, p. 3951), as amended, particularly by an Act approved September 21, 2011 (Ga. L. 2011, Ex. Sess., p. 521), so as to change the description of the commissioner districts; to provide for continuation in office of current board members; to provide for related matters; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Education; shall be unlawful for Ga public school students or teams to compete against a Ga public school that permits a person of one gender to participate in an athletic program that is designated for persons of opposite gender; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 20 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to education, so as to provide that it shall be unlawful for Georgia public schools or participating private schools whose students or teams compete against a Georgia public school to operate, sponsor, or facilitate athletic programs or activities that permit a person of one gender to participate in an athletic program or activity that is designated for persons of the opposite gender; to provide for exceptions; to provide for private rights of action and awards of attorney fees; to provide for legislative findings and intent; to provide for definitions; to provide for a short title; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: City of Macon, the City of Payne City, and Bibb County; new commissioner districts; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to provide for the restructuring of the City of Macon, the City of Payne City, and Bibb County, approved April 20, 2012 (Ga. L. 2012, p. 5595), as amended, so as to provide for new commissioner districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Board of Commissioners of Fulton County; future elections for the office of county commissioner shall be nonpartisan elections; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating the Board of Commissioners of Fulton County, approved December 3, 1880 (Ga. L. 1880-81, p. 508), as amended, particularly by an Act approved March 29, 1973 (Ga. L. 1973, p. 2462), so as to provide that future elections for the office of county commissioner shall be nonpartisan elections; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for related matters; to provide a contingent effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Contracts; certain provisions relating to retainage of progress payments; change. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 2 of Chapter 10 of Title 13 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to retention of contractual payments and creation of escrow accounts on contracts for installation, improvement, maintenance, or repair of water or sewer facilities, so as to change certain provisions relating to retainage of progress payments; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Courts; reestablishment of the Criminal Case Data Exchange Board as an advisory board to The Council of Superior Court Clerks of Georgia; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 15 of the O.C.G.A., relating to courts in general, so as to provide for the reestablishment of the Criminal Case Data Exchange Board as an advisory board to The Council of Superior Court Clerks of Georgia; to amend Title 35 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to law enforcement officers and agencies, so as to provide the Georgia Crime Information Center with grantmaking authority, subject to conditions; to provide for such conditions; to provide for compliance with data transmission requirements; to repeal provisions concerning the Criminal Case Data Exchange Board; to provide for legislative findings and intent; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: National Manufactured Housing Construction and Safety Standards Act of 1974; civil penalties; revise. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 8-2-143 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to civil and criminal penalty for violation of Section 610 of National Manufactured Housing Construction and Safety Standards Act of 1974 and regulations and final orders issued thereunder, so as to revise civil penalties; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Board of Education of Warren County; description of the education districts; change. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act reconstituting the Board of Education of Warren County, approved February 4, 1993 (Ga. L. 1993, p. 3651), as amended, particularly by an Act approved March 5, 2012 (Ga. L. 2012, p. 4007), so as to change the description of the education districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for the continuation in office of current members; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Board of Commissioners of Glascock County; add two members to the board. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating a Board of Commissioners of Glascock County, approved February 8, 1945 (Ga. L. 1945, p. 569), as amended, so as to add two members to the board; to provide for the districts for the election of members of the board; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for the method of election and continuation in office; to provide for related matters; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Education; protection of the fundamental right of parents to direct the upbringing and education of their minor children from undue infringement by a state or local government entity; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Part 5 of Article 16 of Chapter 2 of Title 20 of the O.C.G.A., relating to review of removal of students in elementary and secondary education, so as to provide for the protection of the fundamental right of parents to direct the upbringing and education of their minor children from undue infringement by a state or local government entity, local board of education, or any officer, employee, or agent thereof; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Board of Commissioners of Newton County; description of the commissioner districts; change. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to reestablish the Board of Commissioners of Newton County, approved April 26, 2016 (Ga. L. 2016, p. 3663), so as to change the description of the commissioner districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Board of Education of Newton County; description of the education districts; change. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing for the Board of Education of Newton County, approved March 31, 1967 (Ga. L. 1967, p. 2405), as amended, so as to change the description of the education districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for related matters; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: "Macon Water Authority Act,"; description of the electoral districts; change. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act known as the "Macon Water Authority Act," approved March 23, 1992 (Ga. L. 1992, p. 4991), as amended, particularly by an Act approved April 10, 2014 (Ga. L. 2014, p. 3889), so as to change the description of the electoral districts; to provide for the continuation in office of current members; to provide for effective dates; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Commission on Freight and Logistics; create. Description: A RESOLUTION creating the Georgia Commission on Freight and Logistics; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Board of Public Education for Bibb County; description of the education districts; change. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act establishing the Board of Public Education for Bibb County, approved August 23, 1872 (Ga. L. 1872, p. 388), as amended, so as to change the description of the education districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Health; requirements relating to the use of abortion-inducing drugs; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 31 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to health, so as to provide requirements relating to the use of abortion-inducing drugs; to provide for definitions; to prohibit abortion-inducing drugs in school facilities or on state property; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Richmond County and the City of Augusta; description of the commission districts; change. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing for the consolidation of Richmond County and the City of Augusta, approved March 27, 1995 (Ga. L. 1995, p. 3648), as amended, particularly by an Act approved April 8, 2002 (Ga. L. 2002, p. 3769), so as to change the description of the commission districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for related matters; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: County of Richmond; description of the school board districts; change. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act regulating public instruction for the County of Richmond, approved August 23, 1872 (Ga. L. 1872, p. 456), as amended, particularly by an Act approved April 8, 2002 (Ga. L. 2002, p. 3756), so as to change the description of the school board districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for the continuation in office of current members; to provide for related matters; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bails, Bonds; human trafficking as a bailable offense; add the offense. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 17-6-1 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to when offenses bailable, procedure, schedule of bails, and appeal bonds, so as to add the offense of human trafficking as a bailable offense; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Board of Education of Lee County; description of the education districts; change. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act reconstituting the Board of Education of Lee County, approved April 9, 1993 (Ga. L. 1993, p. 5130), as amended, so as to change the description of the education districts; to define certain terms and provide for certain inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for related matters; to provide effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Board of Education of Henry County; description of the districts; change. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing for the election of the members of the Board of Education of Henry County from districts, approved March 28, 1985 (Ga. L. 1985, p. 4938), as amended, so as to change the description of the districts from which members of the Board of Education of Henry County are elected; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Arnold, Angela; named Athletic Director of the Year for Region 4-AAAAAA in Georgia; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Angela Arnold for being named Athletic Director of the Year for Region 4-AAAAAA in Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Board of Commissioners of Henry County; description of the commissioner districts; change. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing for a new Board of Commissioners of Henry County, approved March 28, 1974 (Ga. L. 1974, p. 3680), as amended, particularly by an Act approved September 21, 2011 (Ga. L. 2011 Ex. Sess., p. 486), so as to change the description of the commissioner districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for the continuation in office of current members; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: DeKalb County; change the description of the education districts; change. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act establishing in DeKalb County districts from which members of the county board of education shall be elected, approved April 12, 1963 (Ga. L. 1963, p. 3424), as amended, so as to change the description of the education districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for related matters; to provide effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Georgia State Indemnification Fund; death by suicide of a public safety officer in certain instances be considered a death in the line of duty for purposes of indemnification; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Part 1 of Article 5 of Chapter 9 of Title 45 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to Georgia State Indemnification Fund, so as to provide that death by suicide of a public safety officer in certain instances be considered a death in the line of duty for purposes of indemnification; to provide clarification for instances of indemnification for heart attack, stroke, or vascular rupture; to revise and provide for a definition; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Watercraft; certain watercraft to have day and night visual distress signals on board when on coastal waters of Georgia; require. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 1 of Chapter 7 of Title 52 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to general provisions of registration, operation, and sale of watercraft, so as to require certain watercraft to have day and night visual distress signals on board when on coastal waters of Georgia; to provide for definitions; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Mortgage Lenders and Brokers; different categories of felony convictions for purposes of investigations of mortgage loan originator applicants; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 13 of Chapter 1 of Title 7 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to licensing of mortgage lenders and mortgage brokers, so as to provide for different categories of felony convictions for purposes of investigations of mortgage loan originator applicants; to repeal certain provisions for denial or revocation of a license or registration due to certain felony convictions; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Public Service Commission; description of the election districts for members; change. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 1 of Chapter 2 of Title 46 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to organization and members of the Public Service Commission, so as to change the description of the election districts for members of the Public Service Commission; to provide for manner of election and terms of office; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for related matters; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Property Tax Exemptions; state-wide exemption; ad valorem taxes for aircraft used for the aerial application of fertilizers or other agricultural products; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Part 1 of Article 2 of Chapter 5 of Title 48 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to property tax exemptions, so as to provide for a state-wide exemption from all ad valorem taxes for aircraft used for the aerial application of fertilizers, pesticides, herbicides, fungicides, seeds, or other agricultural products; to provide for a referendum; to provide for effective dates, applicability, and automatic repeal; to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Board of Commissioners of Wilkinson County; description of the commissioner districts; change. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating a Board of Commissioners of Wilkinson County, approved February 28, 1933 (Ga. L. 1933, p. 777), as amended, so as to change the description of the commissioner districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for related matters; to provide effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Board of Education of Wilkinson County; description of the districts; change. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating a Board of Education of Wilkinson County, approved April 3, 1972 (Ga. L. 1972, p. 3333), as amended, so as to change the description of the districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for related matters; to provide effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Firearms by Convicted Felons and First Offender Probationers; each firearm in the possession or attempted possession of certain offenders shall be charged as a separate offense; specify. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 16-11-131 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to possession of firearms by convicted felons and first offender probationers, so as to specify that each firearm in the possession or attempted possession of certain offenders shall be charged as a separate offense; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Paulding County Board of Education; districts for election of members; revise. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to provide for the election of the members of the Paulding County Board of Education, approved March 21, 1968 (Ga. L. 1968, p. 2381), as amended, particularly by an Act approved April 4, 2012 (Ga. L. 2012, p. 4621), so as to revise the districts for the election of members of the board of education; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for the continuance in office of current members; to provide for effective dates; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Agricultural Commodity Commission for Propane; full or partial remote communication with regard to public hearings; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 6 of Chapter 8 of Title 2 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the Agricultural Commodity Commission for Propane, so as to provide for full or partial remote communication with regard to public hearings; to provide for notice of hearings; to revise referendum requirements and procedures for issuing, amending, and renewing marketing orders; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Insurance; diagnostic breast examinations shall not be treated less favorably than screening mammography for breast cancer with respect to cost-sharing requirements; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 24 of Title 33 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to insurance generally, so as to provide that diagnostic breast examinations shall not be treated less favorably than screening mammography for breast cancer with respect to cost-sharing requirements; to provide for definitions; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date and applicability; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Board of Commissioners of Twiggs County; description of the commissioner districts; change. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating a Board of Commissioners of Twiggs County, approved July 27, 1923 (Ga, L. 1923, p. 324), as amended, so as to change the description of the commissioner districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for the continuation in office of current members; to provide for related matters; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Board of Education of Twiggs County; description of the education districts; change. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating a Board of Education of Twiggs County, approved March 26, 1982 (Ga. L. 1982, p. 3627), as amended, so as to change the description of the education districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for the continuation in office of current members; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Revenue and Taxation; a qualified down payment savings program to be implemented by the Department of Revenue; create. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 48 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to revenue and taxation, so as to create a qualified down payment savings program to be implemented by the Department of Revenue; to provide for definitions, conditions, and limitations; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Time-Share Projects and Programs; nonjudicial foreclosure of time-share estates; authorize. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Part 7 of Article 5 of Chapter 3 of Title 44 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to miscellaneous provisions regarding time-share projects and programs, so as to authorize nonjudicial foreclosure of time-share estates; to provide for notice; to provide for transfer of title; to provide for a power of attorney; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Death Investigations; medical examiner's inquiry when a pregnant female dies and an inquest; require. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 2 of Chapter 16 of Title 45 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to death investigations, so as to require a medical examiner's inquiry when a pregnant female dies and an inquest; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Education Accountability; recognition of certain accrediting agencies as reliable authorities as to the quality of education offered in secondary schools; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 1 of Chapter 14 of Title 20 of the O.C.G.A., relating to general provisions relative to education accountability, so as to provide for the recognition of certain accrediting agencies as reliable authorities as to the quality of education offered in secondary schools in this state; to prohibit the recognition of certain accrediting agencies by the state and others; to require the State Board of Education to establish assessment criteria, procedures, and other requirements for recognized accrediting agencies; to provide for accreditation of elementary and middle schools exclusively by the Department of Education, subject to certain conditions and limitations; to provide for an effective date; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Commerce; a litigation bar on governmental entities regarding certain statewide opioid litigation; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 10 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to commerce, so as to provide for a litigation bar on governmental entities regarding certain statewide opioid litigation; to provide for legislative findings and intent; to provide for definitions; to provide for related matters; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: City of Macon, the City of Payne City, and Bibb County; new commissioner districts; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to provide for the restructuring of the City of Macon, the City of Payne City, and Bibb County, approved April 20, 2012 (Ga. L. 2012, p. 5595), as amended, so as to provide for new commissioner districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Rucker, Jamal; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Jamal Rucker; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Bonds and Recognizances; the term "bail restricted offense"; redefine. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 1 of Chapter 6 of Title 17 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to general provisions regarding bonds and recognizances, so as to redefine the term "bail restricted offense"; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date and applicability; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Communications Officers; 9-1-1 communications officers receive training in the delivery of high-quality telephone cardiopulmonary resuscitation; require. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Sections 35-8-23, 38-3-181, and 46-5-138.2 of the O.C.G.A., relating to basic training course for communications officers, definitions relative to emergency communications authority, and "director" defined and training and instruction, respectively, so as to require that 9-1-1 communications officers receive training in the delivery of high-quality telephone cardiopulmonary resuscitation; to provide training requirements; to provide for compliance reviews; to provide for the establishment of continuing education units for communications officers; to provide for a definition; to require certain training for directors of public safety answering points; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Motor Vehicle; operation of motor vehicles by Class D license holders with certain passengers in the vehicle; remove a restriction. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 40-5-24 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to instruction permits, graduated licensing and related restrictions, and temporary licenses relative to the operation of a motor vehicle, so as to remove a restriction upon the operation of motor vehicles by Class D license holders with certain passengers in the vehicle; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: County Boards of Equalization; handling of appeals of property tax assessments; revise certain deadlines. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 48-5-311 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to creation of county boards of equalization, duties, review of assessments, and appeals, so as to revise certain deadlines for the handling of appeals of property tax assessments; to revise certain notice requirements; to revise provisions for certain automatic judgements; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date and applicability; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: City of Carrollton; description of the election wards for the city council; change. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act establishing a new charter for the City of Carrollton, approved September 9, 1891 (Ga. L. 1890-91, p. 474), as amended, particularly by an Act approved February 14, 1985 (Ga. L. 1985, p. 3542), so as to change the description of the election wards for the city council; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Gambling; dogfighting; revise provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Part 1 of Article 2 of Chapter 12 of Title 16 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to gambling, so as to revise provisions relative to dogfighting; to prohibit animal fighting; to prohibit possession or sale of animal-fighting related objects; to provide for punishment; to provide definitions; to amend Code Section 4-8-27 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to certificates of registration, requirements for issuance of certificate, individuals excluded from receiving registration, limitation of ownership, and annual renewal, so as to make conforming changes; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: "Unmask Georgia Students Act"; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 2 of Title 20 of the O.C.G.A., relating to elementary and secondary education, so as to provide that no local board of education, local school superintendent, or school administrator, teacher, or other school personnel shall make or enforce any rule that requires a student to wear a face mask or face covering while present on school property unless such rule provides that a parent or guardian of such student may elect for his or her child to be exempt from such rule; to provide that a parent or guardian making such election shall not be required to provide a reason or any certification of the child's health or education status; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Solid Waste Management; Environmental Protection Division to contract with the Department of Revenue to collect certain fees; require. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Part 1 of Article 2 of Chapter 8 of Title 12 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to general provisions of solid waste management, so as to require the Environmental Protection Division to contract with the Department of Revenue to collect certain fees; to specify the manner in which funds appropriated to the Solid Waste Trust Fund shall be used; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Solicitors-General of State Courts: honorary office of solicitor-general emeritus; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 3 of Chapter 18 of Title 15 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to solicitors-general of state courts, so as to provide for the honorary office of solicitor-general emeritus; to provide for qualifications; to provide for certificate; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Korean American Day in Georgia; January 13, 2021; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing January 13, 2021, as Korean American Day in Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Board of Education of Harris County; description of the education districts; change. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act reconstituting the Board of Education of Harris County, approved January 15, 1993 (Ga. L. 1993, p. 3538), as amended, so as to change the description of the education districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for the continuation in office of current members; to provide for related matters; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Cable and Video Services; definition of video service relative to the "Consumer Choice for Television Act"; change. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 76 of Title 36 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to expedited franchising of cable and video services, so as to change the definition of video service relative to the "Consumer Choice for Television Act"; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: State Government; certain procedural requirements and considerations for the adoption of rules by state agencies that are applicable to charitable organizations; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 50 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to state government, so as to provide certain procedural requirements and considerations for the adoption of rules by state agencies that are applicable to charitable organizations; to provide a definition; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: "Georgia Food Insecurity Eradication Act"; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 2 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to agriculture, so as enact the "Food Insecurity Eradication Act"; to provide a short title; to provide for definitions; to create the Georgia Food Security Advisory Council; to provide for duties; to provide for appointments and terms; to provide for reporting requirements; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Wiretapping, Eavesdropping, Surveillance; use of any device to photograph or record patients in a health care facility shall be unlawful; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Part 1 of Article 3 of Chapter 11 of Title 16 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to wiretapping, eavesdropping, surveillance, and related offenses, so as to provide that the use of any device to photograph or record patients in a health care facility shall be unlawful; to provide for exceptions; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Wrongful Death; a parent who is determined to be responsible for the homicide of his or her child shall have no right of recovery against the value of the child's life; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 4 of Title 51 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to wrongful death, so as to provide that a parent who is determined to be responsible for the homicide of his or her child shall have no right of recovery against the value of the child's life; to amend Article 1 of Chapter 1 of Title 53 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to wills, trusts, and administration of estates generally, so as to provide for forfeiture of an intestate share of an estate under certain circumstances; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Core Curriculum; schools to provide training in first aid, cardiopulmonary resuscitation, and the use of an automated external defibrillator for students in grades nine or ten; require. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Part 2 of Article 6 of Chapter 2 of Title 20 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to competencies and core curriculum, so as to require schools to provide training in first aid, cardiopulmonary resuscitation, and the use of an automated external defibrillator for students in grades nine or ten; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Carroll County School District; description of the education districts; change. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act relating to the board of education and school superintendent of the Carroll County School District, approved March 20, 1985 (Ga. L. 1985, p. 3945), as amended, particularly by an Act approved February 27, 2012 (Ga. L. 2012, p. 3780), so as to change the description of the education districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office; to provide for related matters; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Carrollton Board of Education; the description of the education wards; change. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to continue the existence of the Carrollton Independent School System under the management and control of the Carrollton Board of Education, approved May 17, 2004 (Ga. L. 2004, p. 4504), so as to change the description of the education wards; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: City of Carrollton, Georgia; exercise all redevelopment and other powers under Article IX, Section II, Paragraph VII(b) of the Georgia Constitution; authorize. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to authorize the City of Carrollton, Georgia, to exercise all redevelopment and other powers under Article IX, Section II, Paragraph VII(b) of the Georgia Constitution and Chapter 44 of Title 36 of the O.C.G.A., the "Redevelopment Powers Law," as amended; to provide for a referendum; to provide for effective dates; to provide for automatic repeal under certain circumstances; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Berry, Frank W., III; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Frank W. Berry III; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Watercraft; any person 15 years of age or older to operate a Class 1, Class 2, or Class 3 vessel; authorize. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 1 of Chapter 7 of Title 52 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to general provisions of registration, operation, and sale of watercraft, so as to authorize any person 15 years of age or older to operate a Class 1, Class 2, or Class 3 vessel on any of the waters of this state if such person meets certain conditions pertaining to licensure, education, and accompaniment by an adult; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Treutlen County Board of Education; new education districts; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing for the election of the members of the Treutlen County Board of Education, approved March 23, 1972 (Ga. L. 1972, p. 2340), as amended, so as to provide for new education districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Board of Commissioners of Treutlen County; new commissioner districts; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating a Board of Commissioners of Treutlen County, approved March 12, 1935 (Ga. L. 1935, p. 807), as amended, so as to provide for new commissioner districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Drivers' Licenses; issuance of a driver's license to current and retired peace officers at no charge; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 2 of Chapter 5 of Title 40 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to issuance, expiration, and renewal of drivers' licenses, so as to provide for the issuance of a driver's license to current and retired peace officers at no charge; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Department of Transportation; meetings for the election of board members; amend notice provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 2 of Title 32 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the Department of Transportation, so as to amend notice provisions relative to meetings for the election of board members; to provide for negotiations in request for proposals relative to public-private partnerships (P3s); to provide for procurement procedures relative to alternative contracting; to amend Code Section 50-18-72 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to when public disclosure not required by a state agency, so as to exempt certain records from public disclosure requirements; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: City of Thomson; description of the election districts for the members of the city council; change. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating a new charter for the City of Thomson, approved March 15, 1973 (Ga. L. 1973, p. 2132), as amended, particularly by an Act approved February 27, 2012 (Ga. L. 2012, p. 3828), so as to change the description of the election districts for the members of the city council; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for the continuation in office of the current members; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: County Board of Education of DeKalb County; code of conduct for board members and a duty to abide by the same; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to create and establish in DeKalb County, Georgia, districts from which the members of the County Board of Education of DeKalb County shall be elected, approved April 12, 1963 (Ga. L. 1963, p. 3424), as amended, so as to provide for a code of conduct for board members and a duty to abide by the same; to revise provisions relating to the compensation of the board; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Department of Administrative Services; companies owned or operated by Russia to bid on or submit a proposal for a state contract; prohibit. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Part 1 of Article 3 of Chapter 5 of Title 50 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to general authority, duties, and procedure of the Department of Administrative Services, so as to prohibit companies owned or operated by Russia to bid on or submit a proposal for a state contract; to provide for definitions; to provide for certifications; to provide penalties for false certifications; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Sentence and Punishment; any time after conviction; defendant convicted of an offense and sentenced as a direct result of being a victim of trafficking for labor or sexual servitude may petition the sentencing court to grant the relief of vacatur; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 1 of Chapter 10 of Title 17 of the O.C.G.A., relating to procedure for sentencing and imposition of punishment, so as to provide that at any time after conviction for a misdemeanor or felony offense a defendant convicted of an offense and sentenced as a direct result of being a victim of trafficking for labor or sexual servitude may petition the sentencing court to grant the relief of vacatur; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Surprise Billing Consumer Protection Act; a medical or traumatic condition includes a mental health condition or substance use disorder; emergency medical services include post-stabilization services; clarify. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 33 of the O.C.G.A., relating to insurance, so as to clarify that, under the Surprise Billing Consumer Protection Act, a medical or traumatic condition, sickness, or injury includes a mental health condition or substance use disorder and that emergency medical services include post-stabilization services; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date and applicability; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ethridge, Reverend Dr. Glenn L.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Reverend Dr. Glenn L. Ethridge; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Sumter County Board of Education and School Superintendent; provide for seven education districts; the description of the education districts; change. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to revise and restate the law relating to the Sumter County board of education and school superintendent, approved February 26, 2014 (Ga. L. 2014, p. 3503), so as to provide for seven education districts; to change the description of the education districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for the continuation in office of current members; to provide for related matters; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Taxes On Tobacco And Vaping Products; Attorney General to establish a vapor product directory; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 11 of Title 48 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to taxes on tobacco and vaping products, so as to provide for the Attorney General to establish a vapor product directory; to require vapor product manufacturers to provide an attestation to the Attorney General; to provide for definitions; to prohibit illicit vapor products; to provide penalties for violations; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hospitals and Health Care Facilities;hospitals and ambulatory surgical centers to utilize surgical smoke evacuation systems during surgical procedures to protect patients and health care workers from the hazards of surgical smoke; require. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 7 of Title 31 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to regulation and construction of hospitals and other health care facilities, so as to require hospitals and ambulatory surgical centers to utilize surgical smoke evacuation systems during surgical procedures to protect patients and health care workers from the hazards of surgical smoke; to provide for definitions; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Education; local boards of education shall review the financial status of the local school system at least quarterly rather than monthly, subject to an exception; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 2 of Title 20 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to elementary and secondary education, so as to provide that local boards of education shall review the financial status of the local school system at least quarterly rather than monthly, subject to an exception; to make conforming changes; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Grandparents or Family Members Visitation Rights; provisions regarding visitation actions brought by certain grandparents of minor children; revise. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 19-7-3 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to actions by grandparents or other family members for visitation rights or intervention, revocation or amendment of visitation rights, appointment of guardian ad litem, mediation, hearing, and notification to family members of child's participation in events, so as to revise provisions regarding visitation actions brought by certain grandparents of minor children; to provide for a rebuttable presumption; to provide for a response to Patten v. Ardis, 304 Ga. 140 (2018); to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Property Boundary Lines; plane coordinates for defining and stating geographic position within this state as the Georgia State Plane Coordinate System; designate. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 4 of Title 44 of the O.C.G.A., relating to determination of boundaries, so as to designate the most recent systems of plane coordinates for defining and stating geographic positions within this state as the Georgia State Plane Coordinate System; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Road Projects; the use of the design-build contracting method by counties; authorize. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Part 2 of Article 3 of Chapter 4 of Title 32 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to exercise by counties of power to contract for road projects generally, so as to authorize the use of the design-build contracting method by counties; to provide for procedures, conditions, and limitations upon such contracting method; to provide for an exception to contract limitations; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Local Boards of Education; all meetings of local boards of education shall be open to the public except as otherwise provided by law; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 3 of Chapter 2 of Title 20 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to local boards of education, so as to provide that all meetings of local boards of education shall be open to the public except as otherwise provided by law; to provide that members of the public shall not be removed from such public meetings except for actual disruption and in accordance with rules adopted and published by the local board of education; to provide that visual and sound recording shall be permitted at such public meetings; to provide for the authority of superior courts to enforce compliance and award relief; to provide for attorneys' fees; to provide for construction; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Secondary Metals Recyclers; shall be illegal for certain persons to purchase, possess, obtain, or sell used, detached catalytic converters, used utility wire, or used communications copper; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 14 of Chapter 1 of Title 10 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to secondary metals recyclers, so as to provide that it shall be illegal for certain persons to purchase, possess, obtain, or sell or attempt to purchase, possess, obtain, or sell used, detached catalytic converters, used utility wire, or used communications copper; to provide for definitions; to regulate and limit the payment allowed by secondary metals recyclers; to provide that certain catalytic converters, used utility wire, and used communications copper and the vehicles transporting them are contraband; to provide for penalties; to provide for related matters; to provide for effective dates and applicability; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Protection of essential workers; support. Description: A RESOLUTION supporting the protection of essential workers; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Public School Property and Facilities; an outdoor learning spaces pilot program; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 11 of Chapter 2 of Title 20 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to public school property and facilities, so as to provide for an outdoor learning spaces pilot program; to provide for a pilot program evaluation and report; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Employment Security; certain nonprofit organizations have the option of making installment payments to finance unemployment benefits paid to its employees for certain time periods during the COVID-19 public health emergency; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 5 of Chapter 8 of Title 34 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to contributions and payments in lieu of contributions relative to employment security, so as to provide for certain nonprofit organizations to have the option of making installment payments to finance unemployment benefits paid to its employees for certain time periods during the COVID-19 public health emergency; to provide for automatic repeal; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: O'Rourke, Tom; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Tom O'Rourke; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Medical Cannabis; the Georgia Access to Medical Cannabis Commission is subject to state procurement laws; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 9 of Chapter 12 of Title 16 of the O.C.G.A., relating to access to medical cannabis, so as to provide that the Georgia Access to Medical Cannabis Commission is subject to state procurement laws; to revise the Medical Cannabis Commission Oversight Committee; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Department of Community Health; conduct a comprehensive review of provider reimbursement rates for home and community based services covered by the waiver programs; require. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 7 of Chapter 4 of Title 49 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to medical assistance generally, so as to require the Department of Community Health to conduct a comprehensive review of provider reimbursement rates for home and community based services covered by the waiver programs; to provide for input from the public, service providers, and other stakeholders; to provide for proposed rate models and estimated fiscal impact; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: City of Stockbridge; corporate limits of such municipality; change. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to provide a new charter for the City of Stockbridge, approved April 4, 1991 (Ga. L. 1991, p. 4359), as amended, so as to change the corporate limits of such municipality; to provide for city council districts; to provide definitions and inclusions; to provide for the continuance in office for current members; to provide for related matters; to provide for a referendum; to provide for contingent effective dates and automatic repeal; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Town of Lyerly; annexation of certain territory into the boundaries of the city; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing a new charter for the Town of Lyerly, approved April 11, 2012 (Ga. L. 2012, p. 4934), so as to provide for the annexation of certain territory into the boundaries of the city; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Berry III, Frank W.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Frank W. Berry III; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: City of Doraville; levy on excise tax; procedures, conditions, and limitations; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to authorize the governing authority of the City of Doraville to levy an excise tax pursuant to subsection (b) of Code Section 48-13-51 of the O.C.G.A.; to provide procedures, conditions, and limitations; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: City of Doraville; certain councilmembers are elected by districts; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating a new charter for the City of Doraville, approved October 13, 1971 (Ga. L. 1971, Ex. Sess., p. 2154), as amended, so as to provide that certain councilmembers are elected by districts; to revise city council districts; to provide definitions and inclusions; to provide for initial terms of office; to provide for the continuance in office for current members; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: City of Doraville; the amount of a homestead exemption from City of Doraville ad valorem taxes; revise. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to provide for a homestead exemption from City of Doraville ad valorem taxes for municipal purposes in the amount of $25,000.00 of the assessed value of the homestead for residents of that city, approved April 20, 2011 (Ga. L. 2011, p. 3669), so as to revise the amount of a homestead exemption from City of Doraville ad valorem taxes; to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to provide for related matters; to provide for a referendum, effective dates, and automatic repeal; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Board of Education of Hancock County; description of the education districts; change. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to reconstitute the Board of Education of Hancock County, approved April 5, 1993 (Ga. L. 1993, p. 4524), as amended, particularly by an Act approved May 6, 2013 (Ga. L. 2013, p. 4322), so as to change the description of the education districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for the continuation in office of current members; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: "City of Cedartown Public Facilities Authority Act"; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to create the City of Cedartown Public Facilities Authority; to provide for the appointment of members of the authority; to provide for a short title; to confer powers upon the authority; to provide for purpose and scope of operations of the authority; to provide for definitions; to authorize the issuance of revenue bonds of the authority; to fix and provide the venue and jurisdiction of actions relating to any provisions of this Act; to provide for moneys received and trust funds; to provide for tort immunity; to provide for tax exemption, rates, charges, and revenues; to provide for effect on other governments; to provide for construction of this Act and severability; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Board of County Commissioners of Hancock County; description of the commissioner districts; change. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating a Board of County Commissioners of Hancock County, approved October 5, 1885 (Ga. L. 1884-85, p. 435), as amended, particularly by an Act approved May 6, 2013 (Ga. L. 2013, p. 4328), so as to change the description of the commissioner districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for the continuation in office of current members; to provide for related matters; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: City of Milton; senior homestead exemption; increase the amount. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act incorporating the City of Milton in Fulton County, Georgia, approved March 29, 2006 (Ga. L. 2006, p. 3554), as amended, so as to increase the amount of a senior homestead exemption; to provide for definitions; to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to provide for a referendum, effective dates, a contingent effective date, and automatic repeal; to provide for applicability; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: City of Milton, the maximum income for a senior homestead exemption; modify. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act incorporating the City of Milton in Fulton County, Georgia, approved March 29, 2006 (Ga. L. 2006, p. 3554), as amended, so as to modify the maximum income for a senior homestead exemption; to provide for definitions; to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to provide for a referendum, effective dates, and automatic repeal; to provide for applicability; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: City of Milton; a homestead exemption for citizens of the City of Milton age 65 years or older meeting certain income requirements; repeal. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act incorporating the City of Milton in Fulton County, Georgia, approved March 29, 2006 (Ga. L. 2006, p. 3554), as amended, so as to repeal a homestead exemption for citizens of the City of Milton age 65 years or older meeting certain income requirements as found in Section 6.34 of the city charter; to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to provide for a referendum, effective dates, a contingent effective date, and automatic repeal; to provide for applicability; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Unified Government of Athens-Clarke County; certain ad valorem taxes; provide base year homestead exemption freezes. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to grant to residents of Clarke County and the Clarke County School District, upon their homesteads, an exemption of $10,000.00 from certain ad valorem taxes levied by the Unified Government of Athens-Clarke County, Georgia, and levied by, for, or on behalf of the Clarke County School District, approved April 13, 1992 (Ga. L. 1992, p. 6241), as amended, so as to provide base year homestead exemption freezes regarding certain ad valorem taxes levied by the Unified Government of Athens-Clarke County for unified government purposes and by the Clarke County School District for educational purposes; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Rockdale County School District; ad valorem taxes for educational purposes; increase the exemption. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to provide a homestead exemption from certain Rockdale County School District ad valorem taxes for educational purposes in certain graduated amounts of the assessed value of the homestead for certain residents of that school district who are 65 years of age or older or permanently disabled, approved April 6, 1992 (Ga. L. 1992, p. 5351), as amended, so as to increase the exemption to $50,000.00; to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to provide for a referendum, effective dates, and automatic repeal; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: City of Ringgold; the corporate limits of said city; revise. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing a new charter for the City of Ringgold, approved May 6, 2009 (Ga. L. 2009, p. 3624), as amended, so as to revise the corporate limits of said city; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Henry County; compensation of such judge of the Probate Court; change the provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act placing the sheriff, probate judge, clerk of superior court, and tax commissioner of Henry County on an annual salary, approved March 25, 1958 (Ga. L. 1958, p. 3127), as amended, particularly by an Act approved March 30, 1989 (Ga. L. 1989, p. 4824), so as to change the provisions relating to the compensation of such judge of the Probate Court; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Board of Education of Warren County; compensation provisions for the chairperson and for members of the board; revise. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act reconstituting the Board of Education of Warren County, approved February 4, 1993 (Ga. L. 1993, p. 3651), as amended, particularly by an Act approved May 8, 2017 (Ga. L. 2017, p. 3990), so as to revise the compensation provisions for the chairperson and for members of the board; to provide for related matters; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: City of Senoia Building and Facilities Authority; create. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to create the City of Senoia Building and Facilities Authority; to provide for severability; to provide for a short title; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Rockdale County Public Facilities Authority; create. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to create the Rockdale County Public Facilities Authority; to provide for severability; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Board of Commissioners of Henry County; temporary vacancies; revise provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to provide for a new Board of Commissioners of Henry County, approved March 28, 1974 (Ga. L. 1974, p. 3680), as amended, particularly by an Act approved March 8, 2021 (Ga. L. 2021, p. 3503), and an Act approved April 1, 2021 (Ga. L. 2021, p. 3537), so as to revise provisions regarding temporary vacancies on the board of commissioners; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Clarke County and the Clarke County School District; ad valorem taxes levied by the Unified Government of Athens-Clarke County for unified government purposes; increase the existing general and senior homestead exemptions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to grant to residents of Clarke County and the Clarke County School District, upon their homesteads, an exemption of $10,000.00 from certain ad valorem taxes levied by the Unified Government of Athens-Clarke County, Georgia, and levied by, for, or on behalf of the Clarke County School District, approved April 13, 1992 (Ga. L. 1992, p. 6241), as amended, so as to increase the existing general and senior homestead exemptions from certain ad valorem taxes levied by the Unified Government of Athens-Clarke County for unified government purposes; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Chattahoochee Hills Convention and Visitors Bureau Authority; create. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to create the Chattahoochee Hills Convention and Visitors Bureau Authority; to provide for a short title; to provide for the appointment, terms, and removal of authority members; to provide for officers of the authority; to provide for an executive director and employees; to provide for meetings, quorums, and majorities; to provide for the powers and duties of the authority; to provide for tax statutes of the authority; to limit liabilities; to provide for budget oversight; to authorize the use of hotel-motel tax proceeds provided by the City of Chattahoochee Hills; to provide that the authority shall not bind the city; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Galloway, Jim; grand occasion of his retirement; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Jim Galloway upon the grand occasion of his retirement; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: House of Representatives convened; notify Senate. Description: A RESOLUTION to notify the Senate that the House of Representatives has convened; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: House of Representatives; adopt Rules. Description: A RESOLUTION adopting the Rules of the House of Representatives; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: House of Representatives; relative to officials, employees, and committees. Description: A RESOLUTION relative to officials, employees, and committees in the House of Representatives; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Joint session; message from the Governor. Description: A RESOLUTION calling a joint session of the House of Representatives and the Senate for the purpose of hearing a message from the Governor; inviting the Justices of the Supreme Court and the Judges of the Court of Appeals to be present at the joint session; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Adjournment; relative to. Description: A RESOLUTION relative to meetings and adjournments of the General Assembly; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: House Study Committee on Innovative Ways to Maximize Global Talent; create. Description: A RESOLUTION creating the House Study Committee on Innovative Ways to Maximize Global Talent in Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Montgomery, Thomas Raymond "Coach"; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Thomas Raymond "Coach" Montgomery; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Holloway, Heather; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Heather Holloway; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Chastain, Dana; 2019 Stetson F. Bennett Clerk of the Year award; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dana Chastain for receiving the 2019 Stetson F. Bennett Clerk of the Year award; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: O'Neal, Pastor Spencer T.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Pastor Spencer T. O'Neal; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lucci, Dominic Brian; compensate. Description: A RESOLUTION compensating Dominic Brian Lucci; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jones, Mark Jason; compensate. Description: A RESOLUTION compensating Mark Jason Jones; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Gardiner, Kenneth Eric; compensate. Description: A RESOLUTION compensating Kenneth Eric Gardiner; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Floyd, Roger Dale; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Roger Dale Floyd of Locust Grove; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Robinson, Mr. Jakeith Bendray, Sr.; compensate. Description: A RESOLUTION compensating Mr. Jakeith Bendray Robinson, Sr.; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Adjournment; relative to. Description: A RESOLUTION relative to meetings and adjournments of the General Assembly; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Aaron, Henry Louis "Hank"; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Henry Louis "Hank" Aaron; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Rhodes, Alvin Marion, VI; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Alvin Marion Rhodes VI; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Caggins, Ann; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Ann Caggins; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ellis, Jeffery L.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Jeffery L. Ellis; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Howard, Robert "Bobby"; outstanding service as a civil rights advocate and activist; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Robert "Bobby" Howard on his outstanding service as a civil rights advocate and activist; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Guthrie, Mayor Jimmy; outstanding public service; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Mayor Jimmy Guthrie on his outstanding public service; and for other purposes
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Callaway Cavaliers; winning the 2021 GHSA Class AA State Football Championship; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Callaway Cavaliers for winning the 2021 GHSA Class AA State Football Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Penuel, Ken; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Ken Penuel; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Duncan, Dr. Michael; 2021 Georgia Superintendent of the Year; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Dr. Michael Duncan, the 2021 Georgia Superintendent of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dean, Ryan; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Ryan Dean; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jordan, Austin; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Austin Jordan; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Elmiger, Marlowe; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Marlowe Elmiger; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Krueger, Dominic; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Dominic Krueger; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hess, Brooks; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Brooks Hess; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Chase Elliott Day; February 9, 2021; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 9, 2021, as Chase Elliott Day; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Montgomery, Freeman; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Freeman Montgomery; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: National School Counseling Week; February 1-5, 2021; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 1-5, 2021, as National School Counseling Week; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Institute of Technology; Northeast Georgia Health System; express appreciation for their efforts to provide a COVID-19 Surveillance Testing Program for the Georgia General Assembly; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Georgia Institute of Technology and the Northeast Georgia Health System and expressing appreciation for their efforts to provide a COVID-19 Surveillance Testing Program for the Georgia General Assembly; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Joint Study Committee on Childhood Lead Exposure; create. Description: A RESOLUTION creating the Joint Study Committee on Childhood Lead Exposure; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Royal, Sheriff Randy; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Sheriff Randy Royal; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Sweat, Ottis Atwell, Jr.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Ottis Atwell Sweat Jr.; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Resetar, John "Jack" Stanton; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating John "Jack" Stanton Resetar; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Smith, Bryan County Sheriff Clyde R.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Bryan County Sheriff Clyde R. Smith; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Carroll, Ken; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Ken Carroll; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Harper, Doster B.; 2020-2021 National FFA President; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Doster B. Harper as the 2020-2021 National FFA President; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Key, Patrick Edward; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Patrick Edward Key; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hall, Captain Andrea; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Captain Andrea Hall; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Together Georgia; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing Together Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Firefighters Recognition Day at the state capitol; February 2, 2021; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring and commending the firefighters of Georgia and recognizing February 2, 2021, as Firefighters Recognition Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Red Cross Month in Georgia; March 2021; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Red Cross and recognizing March 2021 as Red Cross Month in Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Health for Humanity Yogathon; January 16-31, 2021; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Health for Humanity Yogathon on January 16-31, 2021; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Miller, Zelda Small; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Zelda Small Miller; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Matthews, Charlie Edward; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Charlie Edward Matthews; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Meeks, Adrian; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Adrian Meeks; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Tuttle Army Health Clinic; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Tuttle Army Health Clinic; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: State veterans cemetery; Augusta-Richmond County; support creation. Description: A RESOLUTION supporting the creation of a state veterans cemetery in Augusta-Richmond County, Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Golston, Mrs. Wilhelmenia Percell; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Mrs. Wilhelmenia Percell Golston; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Luten, Martha Gleason Bryan; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Martha Gleason Bryan Luten; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Long, Inez S.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Inez S. Long; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Johnson, Merritt, III; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Merritt Johnson III; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Taiwan; relations with United States and State of Georgia; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Taiwan for its relations with the United States and the State of Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Fannin County High School football team; winning the 7AA Region Championship; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Fannin County High School football team for winning the 7AA Region Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Greek Independence Day; bicentennial anniversary; March 25, 2021; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and celebrating March 25, 2021, as the bicentennial anniversary of Greek Independence Day; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Caudell, Ruth Marie; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Ruth Marie Caudell; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Daniels, Sara "Sally" Emily; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Sara "Sally" Emily Daniels; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Conner, Gerald; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Gerald Conner; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Johnson, Merritt "Jay", III; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Merritt "Jay" Johnson III; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Women Owned Business Day at the state capitol; March 24, 2021; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending small businesses and recognizing March 24, 2021, as Women Owned Business Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Antoinin, Henrietta; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Henrietta Antoinin; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Prljaca, Lejla; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Lejla Prljaca; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: National Coalition of 100 Black Women Day at the state capitol; February 18, 2021; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 18, 2021, as National Coalition of 100 Black Women Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: West, Eleanor "Sandy" Torrey; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Eleanor "Sandy" Torrey West; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Alhadeff, Mary Anne; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Mary Anne Alhadeff; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Henson, Representative Michele; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Representative Michele Henson; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Mantaro, Shannon; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Shannon Mantaro; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dooley, Dr. Frank; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dr. Frank Dooley; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dyslexia Day at the state capitol; February 23, 2021; urging schools, local educational agencies, and the state educational agency to address the profound educational impact of dyslexia; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 23, 2021, as Dyslexia Day at the state capitol and urging schools, local educational agencies, and the state educational agency to address the profound educational impact of dyslexia; and for other purposes
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Gavalis, Mr. Joseph; Distinguished Older Georgian for 2021; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Mr. Joseph Gavalis as the Distinguished Older Georgian for 2021; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Henson, Senator Steve; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Senator Steve Henson; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hunnicutt, Malcolm; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and public service of Malcolm Hunnicutt; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ellin, Martin "Marty" Louis; grand occasion of his retirement; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and congratulating Martin "Marty" Louis Ellin upon the grand occasion of his retirement; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hynes, Dr. Thomas J.; occasion of his retirement from Clayton State University; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dr. Thomas J. Hynes upon the occasion of his retirement from Clayton State University; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: National Gun Violence Survivors Week in Georgia; February 1-7, 2021; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 1-7, 2021, as National Gun Violence Survivors Week in Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Gwinnett Ballet Theatre; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Gwinnett Ballet Theatre; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Family and Consumer Sciences; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing Family and Consumer Sciences; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ga. Recyclers Association, the Ga. Recycling Coalition, & the Institute of Scrap Recycling Industries & their employees; essential part of the supply chain process needed for manufacturing; economic contributions to Georgia; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the Georgia Recyclers Association, the Georgia Recycling Coalition, and the Institute of Scrap Recycling Industries and their employees as an essential part of the supply chain process needed for manufacturing and commending them for their economic contributions to Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Texas Woman's University; Jane Nelson Institute for Women's Leadership; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Jane Nelson Institute for Women's Leadership at Texas Woman's University; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: American Heart Month; February 2021; rise of cardiovascular disease as the world's leading cause of preventable death and disability and as the global public health crisis of our generation; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the rise of cardiovascular disease as the world's leading cause of preventable death and disability and as the global public health crisis of our generation and supporting the recognition of February 2021 as American Heart Month; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Senator Johnny Isakson Bridge; Chatham County; dedicate. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing United States Senator Johnny Isakson and dedicating a bridge in his honor; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Tate, J. B.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of J.B. Tate; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lewis, Ella Mae; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Ella Mae Lewis; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bridges, William "Pete"; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of William "Pete" Bridges; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Mays, Willie; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Willie Mays; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Pierce County Bears football team; winning the 2020 GHSA Class AAA State Football Championship; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Pierce County Bears football team for winning the 2020 GHSA Class AAA State Football Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Marchman, Willie F.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and congratulating Willie F. Marchman; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Pinecrest Academy football team; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Pinecrest Academy football team; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Merritt, June; grand occasion of her retirement; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and congratulating June Merritt upon the grand occasion of her retirement; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Board of Community Affairs; approving transfer of Forsyth County from Georgia Mountains Regional Commission to Atlanta Regional Commission; ratify action. Description: A RESOLUTION ratifying the action of the Board of Community Affairs approving of the transfer of Forsyth County from the Georgia Mountains Regional Commission to the Atlanta Regional Commission.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority Inc. Day at the state capitol; February 15, 2021; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 15, 2021, as Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority Inc. Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Pullen, Pastor Terrace Derrell; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Pastor Terrace Derrell Pullen; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: McGarity, Greg; decade of outstanding leadership as the J. Reid Parker director of athletics at the University of Georgia; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing Greg McGarity for a decade of outstanding leadership as the J. Reid Parker director of athletics at the University of Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: LeFevre, Ellender Smith; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Ellender Smith LeFevre; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Vandiver, James Russell; successful life; Jackson County, Georgia; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the successful life of James Russell Vandiver of Jackson County, Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Anderson, Command Sergeant Major (Ret.) Jimmie "MaDaddy"; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commemorating the life of Command Sergeant Major (Ret.) Jimmie "MaDaddy" Anderson; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Tucker, Monye; 2020 Male Competitor of the Year; inducted into the United States Martial Arts Hall of Fame; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending World Champion Monye Tucker for being inducted into the United States Martial Arts Hall of Fame as the 2020 Male Competitor of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Academy of Audiology; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Georgia Academy of Audiology; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Cancer Control Consortium, HPV Cancer Free GA, Cancer Pathways, the Northwest Georgia Regional Cancer Coalition, and the Susan Jolley-Awareness Program; exceptional contributions to cervical cancer education and awareness in Georgia; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Georgia Cancer Control Consortium, HPV Cancer Free GA, Cancer Pathways, the Northwest Georgia Regional Cancer Coalition, and the Susan Jolley Awareness Program for their exceptional contributions to cervical cancer education and awareness in Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Speech-Language-Hearing Association; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Georgia Speech-Language-Hearing Association; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Property; conveyance of certain state owned property; authorize. Description: A RESOLUTION authorizing the lease of certain state owned property located in Baldwin County; authorizing the conveyance of and granting of easements on certain state owned real property located in Columbia County; authorizing the conveyance of certain state owned property in Hall County; to provide for related matters; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Property; granting of non-exclusive easements; authorize. Description: A RESOLUTION authorizing the granting of nonexclusive easements for the construction, installation, operation, and maintenance of facilities, utilities, roads, and ingresses and egresses in, on, over, under, upon, across, or through property owned by the State of Georgia in Barrow, Bartow, Bibb, Camden, Chatham, Glynn, Harris, Macon, Montgomery, Murray, Paulding, Polk, Rabun, Talbot, Troup, Walton, Ware, and Washington Counties; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Katie Poff Memorial Interchange; Baldwin County; dedicate. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Ms. Katie Poff and dedicating an intersection in her memory; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Milton High School; grand occasion of its 100th anniversary; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Milton High School upon the grand occasion of its 100th anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: 4-H Day at the state capitol; February 10, 2021; University of Georgia 4-H Program, Jhaycee Barnes, Arch D. Smith, and the 2020-2021 4-H Leadership Team; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the University of Georgia 4-H Program, Jhaycee Barnes, Arch D. Smith, and the 2020-2021 4-H Leadership Team and recognizing February 10, 2021, as 4-H Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Spring Place Ruritan Club; 70th anniversary celebration; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Spring Place Ruritan Club for its 70th anniversary celebration; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Moore, Francine; outstanding public service; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Francine Moore on her outstanding public service; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Irwin County Indians football team; winning the 2020 GHSA Class A State Football Championship; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Irwin County Indians football team for winning the 2020 GHSA Class A State Football Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: State Restaurant Day at the state capitol; February 17, 2021; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the restaurant industry of Georgia and recognizing February 17, 2021, as State Restaurant Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Savage, Mark; outstanding service; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Mark Savage on his outstanding service; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cummings, Jeanette; outstanding service as an advocate for Georgia's elderly population; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Jeanette Cummings on her outstanding service as an advocate for Georgia's elderly population; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Brooks, Joan Louise; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Joan Louise Brooks; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Sentell, R. Perry, Jr.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of R. Perry Sentell Jr.; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dodd, Marcia Moril Harmon; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Marcia Moril Harmon Dodd; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Couey, Bradley Coleman "Cole"; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Bradley Coleman "Cole" Couey; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bullard, Private First Class Bradford Davis; completing the Marine Crucible on February 25-27; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Private First Class Bradford Davis Bullard for completing the Marine Crucible on February 25-27; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Paulk, Gary; Irwin County Board of Education Member; retirement from the board and for his 26 years of exemplary service on the Irwin County Board of Education from May 1994 to December 2020; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Irwin County Board of Education Member Gary Paulk upon his retirement from the board and for his 26 years of exemplary service on the Irwin County Board of Education from May 1994 to December 2020; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: East, Jimmy Ray; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Jimmy Ray East; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Reeves, Amy; receiving the 2020 Georgia PA of the Year Award; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Amy Reeves for receiving the 2020 Georgia PA of the Year Award; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hemophilia of Georgia; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Hemophilia of Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Berry, Scott; outstanding career of public service and leadership as Oconee County sheriff for over 27 years; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing Scott Berry for an outstanding career of public service and leadership as Oconee County sheriff for over 27 years; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Blitch, Margaret Herold; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Margaret Herold Blitch; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Edwards, Ira; serving the Athens community for two decades as sheriff of Athens-Clarke County; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing Ira Edwards for serving the Athens community for two decades as sheriff of Athens-Clarke County; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Oconee State Bank; 60 years of operation and serving the Oconee County community; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating Oconee State Bank for 60 years of operation and serving the Oconee County community; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Delta Day at the state capitol; March 11, 2021; Delta Sigma Theta Sorority Inc.; 108 years of service; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Delta Sigma Theta Sorority Inc. for its 108 years of service and recognizing March, 11, 2021, as Delta Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Gordon Lee softball team; winning the 2021 GHSA Class A State Softball Championship; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Gordon Lee softball team for winning the 2021 GHSA Class A State Softball Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Harris, Douglas "Doug" Eugene; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Douglas "Doug" Eugene Harris; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Congress; pass Recovering America's Wildlife Act; urge. Description: A RESOLUTION urging the Congress of the United States to pass the Recovering America's Wildlife Act; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: House Rural Development Council; reauthorize. Description: A RESOLUTION reauthorizing the House Rural Development Council; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Be The Match Day; March 4, 2021; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 4, 2021, as Be The Match Day; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: King, Pastor Rex; grand occasion of his retirement; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and congratulating Pastor Rex King upon the grand occasion of his retirement; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: World Spay Day; February 23, 2021; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 23, 2021, as World Spay Day; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Butler, Helen; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Helen Butler; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Butler, Maggie Jane; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Maggie Jane Butler; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cope, Veronica Higgs; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Veronica Higgs Cope; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: LaFavor, Ann; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Ann LaFavor; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Consulate-General of Japan in Atlanta; 47th anniversary; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the 47th anniversary of the Consulate-General of Japan in Atlanta; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Clyburn, Samuel, Jr.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Samuel Clyburn Jr.; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: McKibben, George Edward; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of George Edward McKibben; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Golden, Jerome Andrew; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Jerome Andrew Golden; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Greene, Walter Milton; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Walter Milton Greene; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Judge Willie J. Lovett, Jr. Juvenile Justice Center; City of Savannah; dedicate. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing Judge Willie J. Lovett, Jr., and dedicating a building in his memory; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Perry, Tyler; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Tyler Perry; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: The Law Office of Keith R. Miles LLC; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending The Law Office of Keith R. Miles LLC; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Effingham Veterans Park; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Effingham Veterans Park; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia School Nutrition Association professionals; serving meals to Georgia's students; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing Georgia School Nutrition Association professionals for their work in serving meals to Georgia's students; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Johns Creek Arts Center; 25 years of providing affordable high-quality arts education to the residents of North Fulton and surrounding communities; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the Johns Creek Arts Center for 25 years of providing affordable high-quality arts education to the residents of North Fulton and surrounding communities; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Wood, Ernest W.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Ernest W. Wood; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Suttles, Mark Anthony; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Mark Anthony Suttles; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cosmopolitan African Methodist Episcopal Church; occasion of its 152nd anniversary; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Cosmopolitan African Methodist Episcopal Church on the occasion of its 152nd anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Edwards, Eugene; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Eugene Edwards; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: City of Tucker Councilman Bill Rosenfeld Day; February 26, 2021; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 26, 2021, as City of Tucker Councilman Bill Rosenfeld Day; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Forestry Commission; 100 years of service to the State of Georgia; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Georgia Forestry Commission for 100 years of service to the State of Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lowe, Wayne; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Wayne Lowe; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: House Study Committee on Annexation; create. Description: A RESOLUTION creating the House Study Committee on Annexation; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jarrett, Kirk J.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Kirk J. Jarrett; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Chattahoochee/Marion Forestry Unit; Ga. Forestry Commission 2020 North Ga. Unit of Year; Brooks/Cook Forestry Unit; 2020 South Ga. Unit of Year; Area 7; 2020 Forest Protection Area of Year; State Lands Timber Sales; 2020 Forest Mgmt. Team of Year; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Chattahoochee/Marion Forestry Unit on being named the Georgia Forestry Commission 2020 North Georgia Unit of the Year; the Brooks/Cook Forestry Unit on being named the 2020 South Georgia Unit of the Year; Area 7 on being named the 2020 Forest Protection Area of the Year; and the State Lands Timber Sales Team on being named the 2020 Forest Management Team of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: GAE Day at the state capitol; February 25, 2021; Georgia Association of Educators; occasion of its 154th anniversary; Public Schools Week in Georgia; February 22-26, 2021; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Georgia Association of Educators upon the occasion of its 154th anniversary, recognizing February 25, 2021, as GAE Day at the state capitol, and recognizing February 22-26, 2021, as Public Schools Week in Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Peanut Butter and Jelly Day at the state capitol; March 1, 2021; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Georgia peanut industry and recognizing March 1, 2021, as Peanut Butter and Jelly Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Rare Disease Day in Georgia; February 26, 2021; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 26, 2021, as Rare Disease Day in Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Wilson, Ralph; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and congratulating Ralph Wilson; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Elrod, Captain Stanley Curtis; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and career of Captain Stanley Curtis Elrod; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Snook, Sergeant Patrick David "Rick"; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Sergeant Patrick David "Rick" Snook; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Coopwood, Wallace T.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Wallace T. Coopwood; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Morgan, William Ray, Sr.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of William Ray Morgan Sr.; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jenkins, Representative Charles; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION commemorating and saluting the abundant life and public service of Representative Charles Jenkins; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: 100 Black Men of Atlanta Inc.; 2021 Virtual Day at the state capitol; March 1, 2021; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the 100 Black Men of Atlanta Inc. upon its 2021 Virtual Day at the state capitol on March 1, 2021; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Rogers, Elvira; grand occasion of her retirement; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and congratulating Elvira Rogers upon the grand occasion of her retirement; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jones, Chief Mike; grand occasion of his retirement; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Chief Mike Jones upon the grand occasion of his retirement; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Davis, Reverend Dr. Sam; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Reverend Dr. Sam Davis; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Davis, Beverly; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Beverly Davis; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: DeKalb National Council of Negro Women Section; celebrating its 30th Anniversary; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the DeKalb National Council of Negro Women Section for celebrating its 30th Anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Williams, Derrica; leadership in various organizations; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Derrica Williams for her leadership in various organizations; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cauthen, Deanna Johnson; impressive accomplishments as the host of The Working Woman Radio Show; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Deanna Johnson Cauthen for her impressive accomplishments as the host of The Working Woman Radio Show; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Malone, Kelly C. Collier; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Kelly C. Collier Malone; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Effingham Veterans Park; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Effingham Veterans Park; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Edmondson, Dr. Michael H.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Dr. Michael H. Edmondson; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Savannah Logistics Technology Innovation Corridor; designate. Description: A RESOLUTION designating the Savannah Logistics Technology Innovation Corridor as an official technology innovation corridor in Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: The Atlanta Black Chambers; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending The Atlanta Black Chambers; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Simmons, George Edward, Sr.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the accomplishments of George Edward Simmons Sr.; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ho, Helen; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Helen Ho; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Gordy, Berry, Jr.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the accomplishments of Berry Gordy Jr.; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Perry-Blalock, Jacqueline; Female Veteran's Day at the state capitol; February 16, 2021; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Jacqueline Perry-Blalock for her service in the armed forces and recognizing February 16, 2021, as Female Veteran's Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hamp, Nancy Gail; Female Veteran's Day at the state capitol; February 16, 2021; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Nancy Gail Hamp for her service in the armed forces and recognizing February 16, 2021, as Female Veteran's Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Tanner, Pastor Henry Louis; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the accomplishments of Pastor Henry Louis Tanner; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Gilbert, Annie Ruth Darden; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the accomplishments of Annie Ruth Darden Gilbert; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Broxton, Manzie T.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the accomplishments of Manzie T. Broxton; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Islamic holy month of Ramadan; commencing a month of fasting and spiritual renewal, and extending best wishes to all in Georgia and around the world for a joyous and meaningful observance of Eid al-Fitr; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the Islamic holy month of Ramadan, commencing a month of fasting and spiritual renewal, and extending best wishes to all in Georgia and around the world for a joyous and meaningful observance of Eid al-Fitr; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jewish Georgian Heritage Month; May 2021; honoring the contributions of the Jewish community to the State of Georgia; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing May 2021 as Jewish Georgian Heritage Month and honoring the contributions of the Jewish community to the State of Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Becker, Dr. Mark P.; retirement as president of Georgia State University; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and congratulating Dr. Mark P. Becker upon his retirement as president of Georgia State University; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Gray, Dr. Allen E.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the accomplishments of Dr. Allen E. Gray; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cochran, Australia Darden; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the accomplishments of Australia Darden Cochran; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Adjournment; relative to. Description: A RESOLUTION relative to meetings and adjournments of the General Assembly; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: It's About Time Boutique; 2020 Small Business of the Year; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending It's About Time Boutique, the 2020 Small Business of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Zep; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Zep; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ledbetter, Mecole; 2020 Volunteer of the Year; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Mecole Ledbetter, the 2020 Volunteer of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Forte, Jeannetta R.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Jeannetta R. Forte; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Daniels, Richard "Rich" Leo; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Richard "Rich" Leo Daniels; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Pendleton, Florence Christine Howard; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Florence Christine Howard Pendleton; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lowe, Bobbie Mae; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Bobbie Mae Lowe; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Alexander, Charles; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Charles Alexander; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cho, Stephanie; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Stephanie Cho; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Yaqoob, Aisha; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Aisha Yaqoob; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Asian American Advancing Justice-Atlanta in Georgia; 10th annual Asian American Advocacy Day; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the contributions of Asian Americans Advancing Justice-Atlanta in Georgia on its 10th annual Asian American Advocacy Day; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Skinner, Bishop Dr. L. D., Sr.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Bishop Dr. L. D. Skinner Sr.; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Sydnie Grace Jones Memorial Intersection; dedicate. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Ms. Sydnie Grace Jones and dedicating an intersection in her memory; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Gumbs-Rouse, Hadiya; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Hadiya Gumbs-Rouse; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hogue, Vicky; receiving the 2021 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Vicky Hogue for receiving the 2021 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: HPV Cancer Awareness Day in Georgia; March 4, 2021; acknowledging the connection between the human papillomavirus (HPV) and cancer and the protection offered to prevent most HPV related cancers; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION acknowledging the connection between the human papillomavirus (HPV) and cancer and the protection offered to prevent most HPV related cancers and recognizing March 4, 2021, as HPV Cancer Awareness Day in Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Seabrook, Bishop; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Bishop Seabrook; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Thomas, Zykeria; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Zykeria Thomas; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lupus Advocacy Day at the state capitol; Thursday, March 11, 2021; the Lupus Foundation of America; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Lupus Foundation of America and recognizing Thursday, March 11, 2021, as Lupus Advocacy Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Johnson-Davis, Jana L.; advocacy for and support of Georgia citizens impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Jana L. Johnson-Davis for her advocacy for and support of Georgia citizens impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Swanson, Jacobe; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Jacobe Swanson; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Scales, Jaliyah; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Jaliyah Scales; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Freeman, Justin; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Justin Freeman; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Sheffield, Merri Ellen; advocacy in systemic racism, environmental justice, community building, and equity as a grassroots leader in her community; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Merri Ellen Sheffield for her advocacy in systemic racism, environmental justice, community building, and equity as a grassroots leader in her community; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Pedraza, Gigi; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Gigi Pedraza; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Gruner, Amrica; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Amrica Gruner; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bond, Dr. Robert; grand occasion of his retirement; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and congratulating Dr. Robert Bond upon the grand occasion of his retirement; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Fannin County High School wrestling team; winning the 2021 GHSA Wrestling State Tournament; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Fannin County High School wrestling team for winning the 2021 GHSA Wrestling State Tournament; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Nichol, Adelina; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Adelina Nichol; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Phillips, Army Lieutenant Colonel John William; induction into the Georgia Military Veterans Hall of Fame; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Army Lieutenant Colonel John William Phillips upon his induction into the Georgia Military Veterans Hall of Fame; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Citizen Impact USA Inc.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Citizen Impact USA Inc.; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Gonzalez, Jerry; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Jerry Gonzalez; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: House Interns for the 2021 Regular Session; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the House Interns for the 2021 Regular Session; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Parrish, Yvette S.; receiving the 2021 Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Yvette S. Parrish for receiving the 2021 Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cooper, Jerry W.; grand occasion of his retirement; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and congratulating Jerry W. Cooper upon the grand occasion of his retirement; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Martin, Jim; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Jim Martin; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Pennington, Chief Warrant Officer 4 Robert E.; induction into the Georgia Military Veterans Hall of Fame; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Chief Warrant Officer 4 Robert E. Pennington upon his induction into the Georgia Military Veterans Hall of Fame; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Kimbrough, Army Colonel Robert Shane; induction into the Georgia Military Veterans Hall of Fame; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Army Colonel Robert Shane Kimbrough upon his induction into the Georgia Military Veterans Hall of Fame; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Carrollton High School Trojan competition cheerleading team; winning the 2021 Cheerleading State Championship; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Carrollton High School Trojan competition cheerleading team for winning the 2021 Cheerleading State Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Peeples, Shelby C., Jr.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Shelby C. Peeples Jr.; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Wakil, Haroun Shahid; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Haroun Shahid Wakil; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Joint session; message from Chief Justice of the Supreme Court. Description: A RESOLUTION calling a joint session of the House of Representatives and the Senate for the purpose of hearing a message from the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court; inviting each other Justice of the Supreme Court and each Judge of the Court of Appeals to be present at the joint session; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Muhammad, Dr. Maryam; receiving the 2021 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Dr. Maryam Muhammad for receiving the 2021 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: 2021 charter class of Eatonton Youth Leadership; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the 2021 charter class of Eatonton Youth Leadership; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Eubanks, Dwight; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dwight Eubanks; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Reading Awareness Month; March 2021; Science for Georgia, the Technology Association Georgia Education Collaborative, Breaking the Cycle of Health Disparities Inc., the Urban League of Greater Atlanta, and Reach Out and Read Georgia; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Science for Georgia, the Technology Association Georgia Education Collaborative, Breaking the Cycle of Health Disparities Inc., the Urban League of Greater Atlanta, and Reach Out and Read Georgia and recognizing March 2021 as Georgia Reading Awareness Month; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Olukayode, Antron Reshaud; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Antron Reshaud Olukayode; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Griffin, Milton "June Bug", Jr.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Milton "June Bug" Griffin Jr.; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Wakil, Haroun Shahid; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Haroun Shahid Wakil; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: English, William Frank "Bill"; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of William Frank "Bill" English; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Eaton, Marian B.; receiving the 2021 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Marian B. Eaton for receiving the 2021 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Widener, Bruce; many years of service; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Bruce Widener for his many years of service; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: American Physical Therapy Association; 100th anniversary; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the 100th anniversary of the American Physical Therapy Association; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cole, Caroline; occasion of her 20th birthday; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and congratulating Caroline Cole on the occasion of her 20th birthday; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Fleming, William W. "Billy"; grand occasion of his retirement; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and congratulating William W. "Billy" Fleming upon the grand occasion of his retirement; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Melton, Georgia Supreme Court Chief Justice Harold; 30 years in state government; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Georgia Supreme Court Chief Justice Harold Melton for his 30 years in state government; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Stephens, Charles; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Charles Stephens; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Latinx leaders during Black History Month; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring Latinx leaders during Black History Month; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Career & Technical Education Month; February 2021; Georgia's Career, Technical & Agricultural Education program and the educators whose expertise prepares hundreds of thousands of Georgia students for college and the workforce; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring Georgia's nationally-recognized Career, Technical and Agricultural Education program and the educators whose expertise prepares hundreds of thousands of Georgia students for college and the workforce each year and recognizing February 1-28, 2021, as Career and Technical Education Month; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Reading Awareness Month; March 2021; Science for Georgia, the Technology Association Georgia Education Collaborative, Breaking the Cycle of Health Disparities Inc., the Urban League of Greater Atlanta, and Reach Out and Read Georgia; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Science for Georgia, the Technology Association Georgia Education Collaborative, Breaking the Cycle of Health Disparities Inc., the Urban League of Greater Atlanta, and Reach Out and Read Georgia and recognizing March 2021 as Georgia Reading Awareness Month; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Fredericks, Yalonda; receiving the 2021 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Yalonda Fredericks for receiving the 2021 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Yandura, Brookhaven Police Chief Gary; Georgia's 2020-2021 Outstanding Police Chief of the Year; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Brookhaven Police Chief Gary Yandura as Georgia's 2020-2021 Outstanding Police Chief of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Palmer, Judge Kathy Stephens; outstanding public service; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Judge Kathy Stephens Palmer on her outstanding public service; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Stephens, Sheriff J. Tyson; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Sheriff J. Tyson Stephens; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: King's Way Christian School boys basketball team; winning the 2021 GCAA State Championship; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the King's Way Christian School boys basketball team for winning the 2021 GCAA State Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hightower, Captain Edward Holman; induction into the Georgia Military Veterans Hall of Fame; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Captain Edward Holman Hightower upon his induction into the Georgia Military Veterans Hall of Fame; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Foster, Ruby; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Ruby Foster; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Beer Day; March 6, 2021; Georgia Craft Brewers Guild; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Georgia Craft Brewers Guild and recognizing March 6, 2021, as Georgia Beer Day; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: National Groundwater Awareness Week in Georgia; March 7-13, 2021; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 7-13, 2021, as National Groundwater Awareness Week in Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Warner Robins High School football team; winning the Warner Robbins City Championship, the Region 1 5A Championship, and the GHSA 5A State Championship; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Warner Robins High School football team for winning the Warner Robins City Championship, the Region 1 5A Championship, and the GHSA 5A State Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Positive impact of African nations on the State of Georgia; acknowledging the importance of diplomatic, technological, and trade relations; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the positive economic impact of African nations on the State of Georgia and acknowledging the importance of diplomatic, technological, and trade relations; and for other purposes
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: King, Captain Thornell; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Captain Thornell King; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Young, Gilbert; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Gilbert Young; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Walker, Dr. Paul L.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Dr. Paul L. Walker; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hayes Automotive Group; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Hayes Automotive Group; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Parker, Dr. Monica; receiving the 2021 Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Dr. Monica Parker for receiving the 2021 Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Stegall, Gwendolyn; receiving the 2021 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Gwendolyn Stegall for receiving the 2021 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: University System of Georgia Outstanding Scholars on Academic Recognition Day for 2021; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending University System of Georgia Outstanding Scholars on Academic Recognition Day for 2021; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: The First Annual Yoruba Cultural Day Virtual Celebration in Georgia; March 27, 2021; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending The First Annual Yoruba Cultural Day Virtual Celebration in Georgia on March 27, 2021; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Johnson, Leishea; grand occasion of her retirement; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Leishea Johnson upon the grand occasion of her retirement; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Wilson, Jennifer; receiving the 2021 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Jennifer Wilson for receiving the 2021 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Vance, James Garland, Sr.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of James Garland Vance Sr.; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Tweah, The Honorable Samuel D., Jr.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending The Honorable Samuel D. Tweah Jr.; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Badu, Dr. Sonnie; First Lady Annie Badu; The Rock Hill Church family; contributions to the community and their commitment to furthering the Gospel of Jesus Christ; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dr. Sonnie Badu, First Lady Annie Badu, and The Rock Hill Church family for their contributions to the community and their commitment to furthering the Gospel of Jesus Christ; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Pale, Mr. Eder; contributions to Mozambican society; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Mr. Eder Pale for his contributions to Mozambican society; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Adesanya, Dr. Teniola; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dr. Teniola Adesanya; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Akufo-Addo, His Excellency Nana Addo Dankwa; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending His Excellency Nana Addo Dankwa Akufo-Addo; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jackson-Lett, Sandra; receiving the 2021 Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Sandra Jackson-Lett for receiving the 2021 Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Townsend, Dr. Beverley Ann; receiving the 2021 Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Dr. Beverley Ann Townsend for receiving the 2021 Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Barfield, Dr. Randall; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Dr. Randall Barfield; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia's Day of Remembrance of the Armenian Genocide of 1915-1923; March 12, 2021; honoring the worldwide victims of genocide; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the worldwide victims of genocide and recognizing March 12, 2021, as Georgia's Day of Remembrance of the Armenian Genocide of 1915-1923; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Brenner, Linda; receiving the 2021 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Linda Brenner for receiving the 2021 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Community Activist Day; March 29, 2021; acknowledge unsung heroic activists and their strength, selfless courage, and hopeful actions that create a positive and much improved future; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 29, 2021, as Community Activist Day to acknowledge unsung heroic activists and their strength, selfless courage, and hopeful actions that create a positive and much improved future; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Walters, James A.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of James A. Walters; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Robinson, Erica Michelle; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Erica Michelle Robinson; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Barham, Henry County Commissioner Gary; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Henry County Commissioner Gary Barham; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Drake, Brianne; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Brianne Drake; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Striggles, Hazel Sullivan; receiving the 2021 Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Hazel Sullivan Striggles for receiving the 2021 Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Foster Brady Farms; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Foster Brady Farms; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Carrera, Tamara; receiving the 2021 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Tamara Carrera for receiving the 2021 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Leadership Putnam Class of 2021; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Leadership Putnam Class of 2021; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Clayton County Chamber Day at the state capitol; February 10, 2021; Clayton County Chamber of Commerce; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Clayton County Chamber of Commerce and recognizing February 10, 2021, as Clayton County Chamber Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Blair, Shannon; Pate's Creek Elementary School's Teacher of the Year 2021; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Shannon Blair, Pate's Creek Elementary School's Teacher of the Year 2021; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Scott, Briana; Thurgood Marshall Elementary School's 2021 Teacher of the Year; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Briana Scott, Thurgood Marshall Elementary School's 2021 Teacher of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Center for Pan Asian Community Services Inc.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Center for Pan Asian Community Services Inc.; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Patton, Police Chief Jesse; 32 years of dedicated service to the City of Locust Grove; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Police Chief Jesse Patton for his more than 32 years of dedicated service to the City of Locust Grove; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Conyers Cherry Blossom Festival; outstanding efforts to foster a long and steady friendship between the City of Conyers and the Country of Japan; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating the Conyers Cherry Blossom Festival for their outstanding efforts to foster a long and steady friendship between the City of Conyers and the Country of Japan; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Nieman, Lieutenant Colonel Charles George; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Lieutenant Colonel Charles George Nieman; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Haralson County High School Game Day cheerleading team; winning the 2021 State Cheerleading Championship; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Haralson County High School Game Day cheerleading team for winning the 2021 State Cheerleading Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Settles, Larissa; receiving the 2021 Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Larissa Settles for receiving the 2021 Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Patterson, Judge Lewis; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Judge Lewis Patterson; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Pfifer, Maria M.; receiving the 2021 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Maria M. Pfifer for receiving the 2021 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Burton, Nancy; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Nancy Burton; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Importance of creating multiple diploma pathways for high school students; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the importance of creating multiple diploma pathways for high school students; and for other purposes
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Thrash, Mr. Elmore "Mo" Callaway, Jr.; 50th year of lobbying at the Georgia State Capitol; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and honoring Mr. Elmore "Mo" Callaway Thrash Jr. upon his 50th year of lobbying at the Georgia State Capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Delnoce, Daniel Allan; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Daniel Allan Delnoce; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lawrence, Jeremiah; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Jeremiah Lawrence; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Flynn, Comer H.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Comer H. Flynn; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Plocha, Adam Riley; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Adam Riley Plocha; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Georgia Emergency Operations Plans; prioritize the continuum of the long-term services and support system; urge. Description: A RESOLUTION urging the Georgia Emergency Operations Plan to prioritize the continuum of the long-term services and support system; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Persons, Woodie Jean Neal; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Woodie Jean Neal Persons; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Roach, Thomas Anderson "Andy"; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Thomas Anderson "Andy" Roach; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Fosque, Gwinnett County District 4 Commissioner Marlene M.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing Gwinnett County District 4 Commissioner Marlene M. Fosque; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Verniero, Honorable Colonel Dr. Samuel, Jr.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Honorable Colonel Dr. Samuel Verniero Jr.; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Scotts Miracle-Gro Company; most generous donation of face shields to Georgia hospitals across the state; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the Scotts Miracle-Gro Company for its most generous donation of face shields to Georgia hospitals across the state; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Sinkfield, Representative Georganna T.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Representative Georganna T. Sinkfield; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Allen, Dr. Ivan H.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and congratulating Dr. Ivan H. Allen; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Montlick & Associates; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Montlick & Associates; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Carrollton High School debate team; state championship win; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Carrollton High School debate team on their state championship win; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Camden County High School wrestling team; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Camden County High School wrestling team; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Peek, Consuello; outstanding work as a speaker, advocate, and businesswoman; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Consuello Peek for her outstanding work as a speaker, advocate, and businesswoman; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Foster Brady Farms; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Foster Brady Farms; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ten-year anniversary of the devastating earthquake in Great East Japan; March 11, 2021; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 11, 2021, as the ten-year anniversary of the devastating earthquake in Great East Japan; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Richardson, James, Sr.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating James Richardson Sr.; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Seraphin, Prayma; grand occasion of her 90th birthday; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Prayma Seraphin upon the grand occasion of her 90th birthday; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ebenezer Baptist Church; 135th anniversary; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the 135th anniversary of Ebenezer Baptist Church; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Wayne, Dinah Katharine Culbreath; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Dinah Katharine Culbreath Wayne; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Stevens, Don; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Don Stevens; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Raines, Reverend Bryant Wardell; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Reverend Bryant Wardell Raines; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dunahoo, Emory West, Sr.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Emory West Dunahoo Sr.; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Post Day in Roberta, Crawford County; March 19, 2021; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 19, 2021, as Georgia Post Day in Roberta, Crawford County; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Smith, Remington; winning the El Salvador Grand Prix Men's Air Pistol Competition and the Mixed Team Air Pistol Competition; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Remington Smith on winning the El Salvador Grand Prix Men's Air Pistol Competition and the Mixed Team Air Pistol Competition; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Marunich, Haylee Sophia; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Haylee Sophia Marunich; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Margolis, Marilyn; outstanding dedication, service, and contributions to the Johns Creek community as well as her years of exemplary leadership and dedication to the well-being of others as part of Georgia's Emory community; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing Marilyn Margolis for her outstanding dedication, service, and contributions to the Johns Creek community as well as her years of exemplary leadership and dedication to the well-being of others as part of Georgia's Emory community; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: National Arab American Heritage Month; April 2021; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing April 2021 as National Arab American Heritage Month; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Prior, Honorable William A., Jr.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending the Honorable William A. Prior Jr.; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Johnson, Dr. Lauren C.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dr. Lauren C. Johnson; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Wilson, Miguel; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Miguel Wilson; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Carver Tigers; winning the 2020-2021 GHSA Class 4A State Basketball Championship; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Carver Tigers for winning the 2020-2021 GHSA Class 4A State Basketball Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hart-Felton; Viola; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and achievements of Viola Hart-Felton; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Barton, Jamie; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Jamie Barton; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Pringle, Willie; outstanding community service; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Willie Pringle on his outstanding community service; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Newton County, Georgia; 2021 bicentennial and celebrating the 200th anniversary; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing 2021 as the Newton County, Georgia, bicentennial and celebrating the 200th anniversary of Newton County; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Blackwell, Brittney; Clayton County Public Schools' 2021-2022 Teacher of the Year; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Brittney Blackwell, Clayton County Public Schools' 2021-2022 Teacher of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Drewry, Monique; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Monique Drewry; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Akintokun, Lawrence; Forest Park High School's 2021-2022 Teacher of the Year; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Lawrence Akintokun, Forest Park High School's 2021-2022 Teacher of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dunn, Tom; South Atlanta High School's 2021-2022 Teacher of the Year; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Tom Dunn, South Atlanta High School's 2021-2022 Teacher of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Snell, George C. "Carvy", III; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of George C. "Carvy" Snell III; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Aaron, Hank; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Hank Aaron; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Harps, JoAnn Green; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of JoAnn Green Harps; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jolley, Edward, Jr.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Edward Jolley Jr.; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Aldridge, Jerry Miller; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Jerry Miller Aldridge; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cross Creek boys basketball team; winning the GHSA Class 3A State Basketball Championship; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Cross Creek boys basketball team for winning the GHSA Class 3A State Basketball Championship; and for other purposes
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Towns County boys basketball team; winning the 2021 Class A Public Boys Basketball Championship; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Towns County boys basketball team for winning the 2021 Class A Public Boys Basketball Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Disque, Dr. William Eugene; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Dr. William Eugene Disque; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Pierson, Major Lars G. "Trey"; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Major Lars G. "Trey" Pierson; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Yue, Yong A.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Yong A. Yue; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: NeSmith, Martin Walton; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Martin Walton NeSmith; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: T. W. Josey High School girls basketball team; winning the 2020-2021 GHSA Class 2A Girls State Basketball Championship; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the T.W. Josey High School girls basketball team for winning the 2020-2021 GHSA Class 2A Girls State Basketball Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cross Creek High School girls basketball team; winning the GHSA 3A State Basketball Championship; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Cross Creek High School girls basketball team for winning the GHSA Class 3A State Basketball Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Morehouse College Polo Club; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Morehouse College Polo Club; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Summers, Blake; winning the 2021 Region 8-AA Individual State Championship; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Blake Summers for winning the 2021 Region 8-AA Individual State Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Calvary Day High School girls varsity flag football team; winning the 2020-2021 GHSA Class 1A-5A Girls Flag Football State Championship; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Calvary Day High School girls varsity flag football team for winning the 2020-2021 GHSA Class 1A-5A Girls Flag Football State Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dodge County High School Competition Cheerleaders; winning the 2021 GHSA Class AA State Cheerleading Championship; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Dodge County High School Competition Cheerleaders for winning the 2021 GHSA Class AA State Cheerleading Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Martin-Kpeyei, Yahsyndi; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Yahsyndi Martin-Kpeyei; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Fleming, Hailey Alford, Sr.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Hailey Alford Fleming Sr.; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Georgia Department of Transportation; study potential costs and benefits of extending Interstate 185 and extending and expanding Georgia 300; urge. Description: A RESOLUTION urging the Georgia Department of Transportation to study the potential costs and benefits of extending Interstate 185 and extending and expanding Georgia 300; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Edwards, Joel, outstanding service as a community activist; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Joel Edwards on his outstanding service as a community activist; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Henry County Schools; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Henry County Schools; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Williams, Dr. Ed; outstanding service as a community activist; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dr. Ed Williams on his outstanding service as a community activist; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Holmes, Sandra; outstanding community service; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Sandra Holmes on her outstanding community service; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Healthy Foundations Day of Awareness and Recognition; March 25, 2021; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 25, 2021, as Healthy Foundations Day of Awareness and Recognition; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Lineman Appreciation Day at the state capitol; April 12, 2021; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Georgia's linemen and recognizing April 12, 2021, as Georgia Lineman Appreciation Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bremen High School One-Act Play Team; winning state championship; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Bremen High School One-Act Play Team on its state championship win; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bibbee, Brock; winning the Class 6A GHSA Wrestling State Championship; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Brock Bibbee on winning the Class 6A GHSA Wrestling State Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Marenco, Amariah; winning the Class 6A GHSA Wrestling State Championship; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Amariah Marenco on winning the Class 6A GHSA Wrestling State Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Greenwood, Debra; outstanding service as a community activist; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Debra Greenwood on her outstanding service as a community activist; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Sauls, Braden; winning the Class AA GHSA Wrestling State Championship; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Braden Sauls on winning the Class AA GHSA Wrestling State Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Morris, Ty; winning the Class AA GHSA Wrestling State Championship; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Ty Morris on winning the Class AA GHSA Wrestling State Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Roswell Rotary Day; April 18, 2021; Rotary Club of Roswell; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Rotary Club of Roswell and recognizing April 18, 2021, as Roswell Rotary Day; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Piedmont Chapter of the Georgia Society of the Sons of the American Revolution; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Piedmont Chapter of the Georgia Society of the Sons of the American Revolution; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Daxe, Taylor; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Taylor Daxe; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Filipino-American Association of Greater Atlanta; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Filipino-American Association of Greater Atlanta; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: For Peace I Rise LLC; also referred to as For Peace I Rise, The CT Vivian Story; an American civil rights Broadway musical produced in Georgia; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending For Peace I Rise LLC, also referred to as For Peace I Rise, The CT Vivian Story, as an American civil rights Broadway musical produced in Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Carraway, Dr. Sandra; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dr. Sandra Carraway; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: McCall, Representative Thomas Allen; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Representative Thomas Allen McCall; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, Inc.; Sigma Chapter; 1976 Fall Line at Clark College; occasion of its 45th anniversary; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Sigma Chapter of Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, Inc., 1976 Fall Line at Clark College on the occasion of its 45th anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Malone, Bill; grand occasion of his retirement; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and congratulating Bill Malone upon the grand occasion of his retirement; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Gordon, Representative J. Craig; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Representative J. Craig Gordon; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Houston County; 200th anniversary; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing Houston County's 200th anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Williams, Daniel; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Daniel Williams; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Johnson, Jere Walter; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Jere Walter Johnson; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Tan, Xiaojie; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Xiaojie Tan; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Smallwood, Robert T. "Bob", Jr.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Robert T. "Bob" Smallwood Jr. of Sandy Springs, Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Prince Avenue Christian football team; winning the GHSA Single A Private Varsity Football State Championship; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Prince Avenue Christian football team for winning the GHSA Single A Private Varsity Football State Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: McBee, Mary Louise; years of leadership as a University of Georgia administrator and state legislator; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Mary Louise McBee for her years of leadership as a University of Georgia administrator and state legislator; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Wrigley, Dr. Steve W.; retirement as chancellor of the University System of Georgia; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and congratulating Dr. Steve W. Wrigley upon his retirement as chancellor of the University System of Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Johns Creek Chamber of Commerce; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the accomplishments of the Johns Creek Chamber of Commerce; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lowe, Ralph; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Ralph Lowe; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Studstill, Tyler Maier; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Tyler Maier Studstill; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Payne, Billy Franklin; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Billy Franklin Payne; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Campbell, Michael Harte; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Michael Harte Campbell; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Clayton County Chamber Day at the state capitol; February 10, 2021; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Clayton County Chamber of Commerce and recognizing February 10, 2021, as Clayton County Chamber Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Stephenson, Pamela; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Pamela Stephenson; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Comer, Carol L.; grand occasion of her retirement; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and congratulating Carol L. Comer upon the grand occasion of her retirement; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Big Haynes Creek Nature Center; located at the Georgia International Horse Park; initiating its first tree-planting ceremony in partnership with the City of Conyers for the state's annual Arbor Day celebration; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Big Haynes Creek Nature Center, located at the Georgia International Horse Park, for initiating its first tree-planting ceremony in partnership with the City of Conyers for the state's annual Arbor Day celebration; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ashling, Cam T.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Cam T. Ashling; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Pierce, Coach Lloyd; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Coach Lloyd Pierce; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Kitchen, Gary; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Gary Kitchen; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Graves, Ralph Anthony, Sr.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Ralph Anthony Graves Sr.; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority Inc.; Psi Omega Omega Chapter; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Psi Omega Omega Chapter of Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority Inc.; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Reagan, Nelle Holland; (1936-2020); 2021 Heart of the Community Award recipient; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Nelle Holland Reagan (1936-2020), the 2021 Heart of the Community Award recipient; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Shropshire, Alfred; 2021 Heart of the Community Award recipient; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Alfred Shropshire, the 2021 Heart of the Community Award recipient; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Calhoun High School Lady Cougars; winning the 2021 GHSA Class 1A State Basketball Championship; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Calhoun High School Lady Cougars for winning the 2021 GHSA Class 1A State Basketball Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Smith, Julie; 2021 Heart of the Community Award recipient; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Julie Smith, the 2021 Heart of the Community Award recipient; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hjort, Emily; 2021 Heart of the Community Award recipient; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Emily Hjort, the 2021 Heart of the Community Award recipient; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Sheppard, Monica; 2021 Heart of the Community Award recipient; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Monica Sheppard, the 2021 Heart of the Community Award recipient; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: McClain, Dr. Matthew; 2021 Heart of the Community Award recipient; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dr. Matthew McClain, the 2021 Heart of the Community Award recipient; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Shropshire, Allen; 2021 Heart of the Community Award recipient; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Allen Shropshire, the 2021 Heart of the Community Award recipient; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Harley, Donna Marie Butler; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Donna Marie Butler Harley; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: World Doula Week; March 22-28, 2021; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 22-28, 2021, as World Doula Week; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Suwanee Elementary School; support of Harriet Ross Tubman's image replacing Andrew Jackson's on the $20 bill; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION acknowledging Suwanee Elementary School for its support of Harriet Ross Tubman's image replacing Andrew Jackson's on the $20 bill; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Sig Samuels Dry Cleaners; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Sig Samuels Dry Cleaners; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Gaines, George Albert, Jr.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of George Albert Gaines Jr.; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Glenn, Mike; retirement from Greater Atlanta Christian School; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Mike Glenn upon his retirement from Greater Atlanta Christian School; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Southern clay target team; winning the 2021 Division 4 ACUI Collegiate Clay Target National Championship; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Georgia Southern clay target team for winning the 2021 Division 4 ACUI Collegiate Clay Target National Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Musgrove, Caden Lee; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Caden Lee Musgrove; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dabney, Vera Mae; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Vera Mae Dabney; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: University Cancer and Blood Center Athens-Clarke County Medical Oncology Clinic; outstanding public service and volunteerism in administering the COVID-19 vaccine; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the University Cancer and Blood Center Athens-Clarke County Medical Oncology Clinic for outstanding public service and volunteerism in administering the COVID-19 vaccine; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: King, Horace; trailblazing Georgia Bulldogs football career and for being an outstanding Athenian; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating Horace King for his trailblazing Georgia Bulldogs football career and for being an outstanding Athenian; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Doyle, Judge Sarah; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Judge Sarah Doyle; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bradford, Allan; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Allan Bradford; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Fannin County women's basketball team; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Fannin County women's basketball team; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Blue Ridge Adventure Wear; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Blue Ridge Adventure Wear; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Gay, Dr. William; contributions to black radio; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring Dr. William Gay for his contributions to black radio; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Henry County Bicentennial Celebration Day; May 15, 2021; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing May 15, 2021, as Henry County Bicentennial Celebration Day; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ellis, Howard "Chief", Jr.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Howard "Chief" Ellis Jr.; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Garten, Charles "Charlie" Thomas, III; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing Charles "Charlie" Thomas Garten III; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Reeves, Albert Thomas, III; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing Albert Thomas Reeves III; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Gant, Patricia; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Patricia Gant; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Stephens, Representative Edward "Mickey"; grand occasion of his retirement; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Representative Edward "Mickey" Stephens upon the grand occasion of his retirement; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Salter, Mary Jane; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Mary Jane Salter; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Trammell, Anthony DeNorris, Sr.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Anthony DeNorris Trammell Sr.; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Norris, Sergeant Danny; retiring badge number 902; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Sergeant Danny Norris and retiring badge number 902; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Rainge, Dr. Louvenia; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dr. Louvenia Rainge; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Immigrant Heritage Month; June 2021; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing June 2021 as Immigrant Heritage Month; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bell, Pat and Jackson County 4-H Club; occasion of the 48th anniversary of their involvement in the restoration of historic Hurricane Shoals; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Pat Bell and the Jackson County 4-H Club on the occasion of the 48th anniversary of their involvement in the restoration of historic Hurricane Shoals; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Greek Bicentennial Independence Day; March 25, 2021; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 25, 2021, as Greek Bicentennial Independence Day; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Keener, John; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending John Keener; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Smith, Margaret; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Margaret Smith; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Fletcher, Dorothy "Dot" Johnson; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Dorothy "Dot" Johnson Fletcher; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Stinner, Mr. Peter Lamar; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Mr. Peter Lamar Stinner; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Musick, Janet "Jan" Jennings; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Janet "Jan" Jennings Musick; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Tardive Dyskinesia Awareness Week; week of May 2, 2021; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the week of May 2, 2021, as Tardive Dyskinesia Awareness Week; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Sanford, Jaye Mia; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Jaye Mia Sanford; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Robinson, Jamarion; condolences; National Day of Movement for Jamarion Robinson; April 1, 2021; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Jamarion Robinson and recognizing April 1, 2021, as a National Day of Movement for Jamarion Robinson; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Barnes, Mr. Marion E.; grand occasion of his retirement; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and congratulating Mr. Marion E. Barnes upon the grand occasion of his retirement; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Positive Impact Health Centers Inc.; 30th anniversary; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Positive Impact Health Centers Inc. for its 30th anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Asian-Pacific American Heritage Month; May 2021; important time to celebrate the significant contributions of Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders to the history of the United States; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and honoring May 2021 as Asian-Pacific American Heritage Month and as an important time to celebrate the significant contributions of Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders to the history of the United States; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Racism and discrimination against Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders; condemn. Description: A RESOLUTION condemning racism and discrimination against Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Nunn, Lee; Morgan County's 2020 Georgia Farmer of the Year; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Lee Nunn, Morgan County's 2020 Georgia Farmer of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: House of Representatives convened; notify Senate. Description: A RESOLUTION to notify the Senate that the House of Representatives has convened; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Joint session; message from the Governor. Description: A RESOLUTION calling a joint session of the House of Representatives and the Senate for the purpose of hearing a message from the Governor; inviting the Justices of the Supreme Court and the Judges of the Court of Appeals to be present at the joint session; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Adjournment; relative to. Description: A RESOLUTION relative to meetings and adjournments of the General Assembly; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cardell, Amber; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Amber Cardell; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Reed, Ms. Karima; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Ms. Karima Reed; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lanier, Wayne; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Wayne Lanier; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Thomason, Matthew Dewitt, Jr.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Matthew Dewitt Thomason Jr.; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, Inc. Founders' Day at the state capitol; 01/15/22; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing January 15, 2022, as the Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, Inc. Founders' Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Foster, John; grand occasion of his retirement; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending John Foster upon the grand occasion of his retirement; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Taiwan; relations with the United States and the State of Georgia; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Taiwan for its relations with the United States and the State of Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Opening Doors to Recovery stakeholders; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and honoring the stakeholders involved in creating Opening Doors To Recovery; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dr. Nazeera Dawood Reaffirmation of Diversity in Patriotism Day; 01/19/22; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing January 19, 2022, as Dr. Nazeera Dawood Reaffirmation of Diversity in Patriotism Day; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Martin Luther King Jr. Day; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commemorating Martin Luther King Jr. Day; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Perry, Mr. Dennis Arnold; compensate. Description: A RESOLUTION compensating Mr. Dennis Arnold Perry; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: County and municipal governing authorities; grant temporary tax relief to properties severely damaged or destroyed as a result of a disaster and located within a nationally declared disaster area; provide - CA. Description: A RESOLUTION proposing an amendment to the Constitution of the State of Georgia so as to provide that county and municipal governing authorities shall be authorized to grant temporary tax relief to properties severely damaged or destroyed as a result of a disaster and located within a nationally declared disaster area; to provide for related matters; to provide for the submission of this amendment for ratification or rejection; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Frazier, Clarisse; Clayton County Public Schools' 2022 Certified Support Professional of the Year; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Clarisse Frazier, Clayton County Public Schools' 2022 Certified Support Professional of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Reddick, Sharicka; Clayton County Public Schools' 2021-2022 Teacher of the Year; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Sharicka Reddick, Clayton County Public Schools' 2021-2022 Teacher of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Stewart, Sabrina; Clayton County Public Schools' 2022 Classified Support Professional of the Year; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Sabrina Stewart, Clayton County Public Schools' 2022 Classified Support Professional of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Home Education Day; February 23, 2022; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 23, 2022, as Georgia Home Education Day; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Leadership Cobb and the Leadership Cobb Class of 2022; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Leadership Cobb and the Leadership Cobb Class of 2022; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Wallace, Regina; Clayton County Public Schools' 2021-2022 Support Leader of the Year; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Regina Wallace, Clayton County Public Schools' 2021-2022 Support Leader of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hud-Kirk, Jamilah A.; Fountain Elementary School's 2021-2022 Principal of the Year; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Jamilah A. Hud-Kirk, Fountain Elementary School's 2021-2022 Principal of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Family and Consumer Sciences; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Family and Consumer Sciences; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Mental Health Policy Partnership and Substance Use Disorder Community Coalition; Mental Health Day at the state capitol; January 26, 2022; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the work of the Georgia Mental Health Policy Partnership and Substance Use Disorder Community Coalition and recognizing January 26, 2022, as Mental Health Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Labay, Lana J.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Lana J. Labay; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia chapter of the National Alliance on Mental Illness; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Georgia chapter of the National Alliance on Mental Illness; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Self-Care Awareness Month; February 2022; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 2022 as Self-Care Awareness Month; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cervical Health Awareness Month; January 2022; acknowledging that cervical cancer is preventable through regular screening, and encouraging all women to schedule well-woman exams and Pap+HPV (co-testing) cervical cancer screening; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing January 2022 as Cervical Health Awareness Month, acknowledging that cervical cancer is preventable through regular screening, and encouraging all women to schedule well-woman exams and Pap+HPV (co-testing) cervical cancer screening; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Etowah Valley Historical Society; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending the Etowah Valley Historical Society; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hill City Elementary School; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and recognizing Hill City Elementary School; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: AFC Lightning Soccer Club and the 2007 girls' soccer team on a National Championship season of historic proportions; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the AFC Lightning Soccer Club and the 2007 girls' soccer team on a National Championship season of historic proportions; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Trinity Christian football team; winning the 2021 GHSA Class A Private State Football Championship; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Trinity Christian football team for winning the 2021 GHSA Class A Private State Football Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Taylor, Dr. James "Jim"; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Dr. James "Jim" Taylor; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Wilson-Smith, Patricia; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Patricia Wilson-Smith; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Johnson, Dr. Tarece; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dr. Tarece Johnson; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Day, Stephen; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Stephen Day; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Watkins, Karen; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Karen Watkins; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lee, Tyler; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Tyler Lee; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Withrow, Nikki; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Nikki Withrow; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Taylor, Dr. Wandy Wallace; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Dr. Wandy Wallace Taylor; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: State of Georgia; establish Georgia Gullah Geechee Heritage Society; encourage. Description: A RESOLUTION encouraging the State of Georgia to establish a Georgia Gullah Geechee Heritage Society; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Robinson, Kerry; compensate. Description: A RESOLUTION compensating Kerry Robinson; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Parker, Jeffrey Alan; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Jeffrey Alan Parker; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: National Caregiver Day; February 18, 2022; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 18, 2022, as National Caregiver Day; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bagley, Melvin; outstanding public service as the first elections supervisor for Bartow County; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Melvin Bagley on his outstanding public service as the first elections supervisor for Bartow County; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Flynn, Chief Dan; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Chief Dan Flynn; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Tribble, Robert E. "Bob"; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Robert E. "Bob" Tribble; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Strickland, Dennis Howard; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Dennis Howard Strickland; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Calk, Dr. Thomas Everarde; grand occasion of his retirement; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dr. Thomas Everarde Calk upon the grand occasion of his retirement; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lyons, Ansley Cruse; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Ansley Cruse Lyons; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: City of Dunwoody; earning the City of Freedom seal from the Safe House Project; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the City of Dunwoody for earning the City of Freedom seal from the Safe House Project; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Apostolic World Christian Fellowship Leadership Summit 2022 Day; January 29, 2022; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing January 19, 2022, as Apostolic World Christian Fellowship Leadership Summit 2022 Day; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: City of Doraville; occasion of its 150th anniversary and sesquicentennial celebration; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the City of Doraville on the occasion of its 150th anniversary and sesquicentennial celebration; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: REACH Georgia Day at state capitol; 02/10/22; REACH Ga. Scholarship Program; occasion of its 10th anniversary; commending program coordinators, mentors, academic coaches, & supporters for their dedicated service to the lives of REACH Scholars; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the REACH Georgia Scholarship Program upon the occasion of its 10th anniversary; recognizing February 10, 2022, as REACH Georgia Day at the state capitol; commending the REACH Georgia program coordinators, mentors, academic coaches, and supporters for their dedicated service to the lives of REACH Scholars; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bone Health and Osteoporosis Awareness Month in the State of Georgia; May 2022; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing May 2022 as Bone Health and Osteoporosis Awareness Month in the State of Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Forbes, Claudette; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Claudette Forbes; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Cancer Control Consortium, HPV Cancer Free GA, Cancer Pathways, the Northwest Georgia Regional Cancer Coalition, and the Susan Jolley Awareness Program; exceptional contributions to cervical cancer education and awareness in Georgia; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Georgia Cancer Control Consortium, HPV Cancer Free GA, Cancer Pathways, the Northwest Georgia Regional Cancer Coalition, and the Susan Jolley Awareness Program for their exceptional contributions to cervical cancer education and awareness in Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: House Study Committee on Literacy Instruction; create. Description: A RESOLUTION creating the House Study Committee on Literacy Instruction; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Varner, Dr. William David, Jr.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Dr. William David Varner Jr.; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: 4-H Day at the state capitol; 02/09/22; University of Georgia 4-H Program; Ms. Katie Beth Brewer; Mr. Arch D. Smith; the 2021-2022 4-H Leadership Teams; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the University of Georgia 4-H Program and Ms. Katie Beth Brewer, Mr. Arch D. Smith, and the 2021-2022 4-H Leadership Teams and recognizing February 9, 2022, as 4-H Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Vaughn, Thomas Edward; 2021 graduate of Elbert County Comprehensive High School; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Thomas Edward Vaughn, 2021 graduate of Elbert County Comprehensive High School; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Harbison, Senator Ed; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Senator Ed Harbison; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Greater Eastside Chamber of Commerce (GECC); commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Greater Eastside Chamber of Commerce (GECC); and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jamaican Museum and Cultural Center Inc.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Jamaican Museum and Cultural Center Inc.; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Community Action Network Initiatives Inc. (C.A.N.I. Inc.); commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Community Action Network Initiatives Inc. (C.A.N.I. Inc.); and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jones, Gary Scott; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Gary Scott Jones; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Terry, Judge Sherrell; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Judge Sherrell Terry; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bowers, Effie Campbell; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Effie Campbell Bowers; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Wetzel, Lieutenant General Robert G. "Sam"; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Lieutenant General Robert G. "Sam" Wetzel; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Property; conveyance of certain state owned property; authorize. Description: A RESOLUTION authorizing the lease of certain state owned property located in Chatham County; authorizing the conveyance of certain state owned property located in DeKalb County; authorizing the lease of certain state owned property located in Fulton County; authorizing the conveyance of certain state owned property in Glynn County; authorizing the conveyance of certain state owned real property located in Hall County; authorizing the conveyance of state owned real property located in Sumter County; to provide for related matters; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Isakson, Senator John "Johnny" Hardy; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Senator John "Johnny" Hardy Isakson; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bass, Maxwell Lamar; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Maxwell Lamar Bass; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Williams, Dr. Jamye Coleman; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Dr. Jamye Coleman Williams; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Smith, Melanie Heard; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Melanie Heard Smith; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Price, Director Phillip W.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Director Phillip W. Price; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ball, Chief Deputy Kenneth; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Chief Deputy Kenneth Ball; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Harris, Mallory; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Mallory Harris; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Kleber, Nathan; student at Dunwoody High School in Georgia; achieving a perfect score of 36 on the nationally renowned American College Test (ACT); commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Nathan Kleber, student at Dunwoody High School in Georgia, for achieving a perfect score of 36 on the nationally renowned American College Test (ACT); and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Pankey, Madison; achieving a perfect score of 36 on the American College Test (ACT); commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Madison Pankey for achieving a perfect score of 36 on the American College Test (ACT); and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dawson County High School cheerleading team; winning the Georgia High School Association AAA State Championship; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Dawson County High School competition cheerleading team on winning the Georgia High School Association AAA State Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Firefighters of Georgia; 50th annual Firefighters Recognition Day at the state capitol; 02/01/22; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring and commending the firefighters of Georgia and recognizing February 1, 2022, as the 50th annual Firefighters Recognition Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Nguyen, Jenny; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Jenny Nguyen; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Property; granting of nonexclusive easements; authorize. Description: A RESOLUTION authorizing the granting of nonexclusive easements for the construction, installation, operation, and maintenance of facilities, utilities, roads, and ingresses and egresses in, on, over, under, upon, across, or through property owned by the State of Georgia in Bartow, Douglas, Fulton, Gilmer, Gwinnett, Haralson, Paulding, Sumter, and Thomas Counties; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Ad valorem tax; rate reduction for sale or harvest of timber; provide - CA. Description: A RESOLUTION proposing an amendment to the Constitution so as to provide for a reduction in the rate of the ad valorem tax assessment of timber at sale or harvest; to require state appropriations to each county, municipality, or school district affected by such reduced rate of taxation; to provide for related matters; to provide for the submission of this amendment for ratification or rejection; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: The NAACP Atlanta Branch; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the NAACP Atlanta Branch; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Arbery, Mr. Ahmaud Marquez; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION memorializing Mr. Ahmaud Marquez Arbery; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Fannin, Reverend Burch, Sr.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Reverend Burch Fannin Sr.; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Williams, Jada; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Jada Williams; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Egerton, Pastor Anastasie; occasion of her 25th anniversary in ministry; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Pastor Anastasie Egerton on the occasion of her 25th anniversary in ministry; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Black Restaurant Week; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commemorating Black Restaurant Week; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Andrew Young School of Policy Studies at Georgia State University; occasion of its 25th anniversary; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Andrew Young School of Policy Studies at Georgia State University on the occasion of its 25th anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Girl Scout Day at the state capitol; February 1, 2022; commending Girl Scouts as a national leader in providing the best leadership development experience in the world to American girls; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 1, 2022, as Girl Scout Day at the state capitol and commending Girl Scouts as a national leader in providing the best leadership development experience in the world to American girls; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Fernandez, John Matthew; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending John Matthew Fernandez; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Perkins, Danielle; Morrow Middle School's 2021-2022 Teacher of the Year; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Danielle Perkins, Morrow Middle School's 2021-2022 Teacher of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Booker, Pamela; Thurgood Marshall Elementary School's 2021-2022 Teacher of the Year; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Pamela Booker, Thurgood Marshall Elementary School's 2021-2022 Teacher of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Martinez-Vargas, Lisa; Rex Mill Middle STEM School's 2021-2022 Teacher of the Year; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Lisa Martinez-Vargas, Rex Mill Middle STEM School's 2021-2022 Teacher of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Colemon, Carla Lozett; Smith Elementary School's 2021-2022 Teacher of the Year; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Carla Lozett Colemon, Smith Elementary School's 2021-2022 Teacher of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dixon, Kameela; Pate's Creek Elementary School's 2021 Teacher of the Year; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Kameela Dixon, Pate's Creek Elementary School's 2021 Teacher of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: James, Ms. Triana Arnold; president of Georgia National Organization for Women (GA NOW); commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Ms. Triana Arnold James, president of Georgia National Organization for Women (GA NOW); and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Johnson, Mr. Kendrick Lamar; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION remembering Mr. Kendrick Lamar Johnson; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ahmad, Rafiq; outstanding public service; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Rafiq Ahmad on his outstanding public service; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: 11th Annual Fire & Ice Chili Cook Off and Craft Beer Festival; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION celebrating the 11th Annual Fire & Ice Chili Cook Off and Craft Beer Festival; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Joint session; message from Chief Justice of the Supreme Court. Description: A RESOLUTION calling a joint session of the House of Representatives and the Senate for the purpose of hearing a message from the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court; inviting each other Justice of the Supreme Court and each Judge of the Court of Appeals to be present at the joint session; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Burrell, Carol H.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Carol H. Burrell; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hanson, Douglas Weems, III.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Douglas Weems Hanson III; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia's career, technical, and agricultural educational programs; career technical student organizations; and educators who prepare Georgia's students for the workforce, higher education, and beyond; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring and recognizing Georgia's career, technical, and agricultural education programs; career technical student organizations; and educators who prepare Georgia's students for the workforce, higher education, and beyond; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Warren, Lee and Nancy; occasion of their 69th wedding anniversary; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating Lee and Nancy Warren on the occasion of their 69th wedding anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Smith, Nathaniel Q., Jr.; Partnership for Southern Equity; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Nathaniel Q. Smith Jr. and the Partnership for Southern Equity; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Universal Declaration of Human Rights; 73rd anniversary; celebration of Human Rights Day; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the 73rd anniversary of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and the celebration of Human Rights Day; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: New Americans Day at the state capitol; February 10, 2022; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 10, 2022, as New Americans Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Court Appointed Special Advocates (Georgia CASA); CASA Day at the state capitol; February 10, 2022; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring Georgia Court Appointed Special Advocates (Georgia CASA) and recognizing February 10, 2022, as CASA Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: National Cancer Prevention Month; February; honoring the partnerships between Georgia agencies and organizations to collectively fight cancer; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February as National Cancer Prevention Month and honoring the partnerships between Georgia agencies and organizations to collectively fight cancer; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cofers Home and Garden; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Cofers Home and Garden; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Duffey, Mayor Carlos "Scoot"; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Mayor Carlos "Scoot" Duffey; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: American Heart Month; February 2022; rise of cardiovascular disease as the world's leading cause of preventable death and disability and as the global public health crisis of our generation; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the rise of cardiovascular disease as the world's leading cause of preventable death and disability and as the global public health crisis of our generation and supporting the recognition of February 2022 as American Heart Month; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Building Trades Academy Inc.; celebrating its 7th National Apprenticeship Week; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Georgia Building Trades Academy Inc. for celebrating its 7th National Apprenticeship Week; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Merrell, Elder Cal; "The Happy Preacher"; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and legacy of Elder Cal Merrell, "The Happy Preacher"; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Geoffroy, McFarland Gerard; George Walton Academy's 2022 STAR Student; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending McFarland Gerard Geoffroy, George Walton Academy's 2022 STAR Student; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bass, Harley; Social Circle High School's 2022 STAR Student; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Harley Bass, Social Circle High School's 2022 STAR Student; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Shelton, Connor Charles, Victory Baptist School's 2022 STAR Student; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Connor Charles Shelton, Victory Baptist School's 2022 STAR Student; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hemophilia of Georgia; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Hemophilia of Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Brunswick African American Cultural Center; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Brunswick African American Cultural Center; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ngo, Raymond; Loganville High School's 2022 STAR Student; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Raymond Ngo, Loganville High School's 2022 STAR Student; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Braue, Noah Alan; Loganville Christian Academy's 2022 STAR Student; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Noah Alan Braue, Loganville Christian Academy's 2022 STAR Student; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Kirby, Delilah; Monroe Area High School's 2022 STAR Student; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Delilah Kirby, Monroe Area High School's 2022 STAR Student; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Delullo, Bella Rose; Walnut Grove High School's 2022 STAR Student; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Bella Rose Delullo, Walnut Grove High School's 2022 STAR Student; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Local government; date temporary loans are payable from end of calendar year to fiscal year; change - CA. Description: A RESOLUTION proposing an amendment to the Constitution so as to change the date by which temporary loans for counties, municipalities, and other political subdivisions are payable from the end of the calendar year to the end of the county's, municipality's, or other political subdivision's fiscal year; to provide for related matters; to provide for the submission of this amendment for ratification or rejection; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Family Promise of Gwinnett County; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Family Promise of Gwinnett County; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jones, Georgianne "Ethelene" Dyer; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Georgianne "Ethelene" Dyer Jones; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Morgan, Clarence Edward; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Clarence Edward Morgan; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Albany Voter's Coalition Day at the state capitol; February 8, 2022; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 8, 2022, as Albany Voter's Coalition Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: National School Counseling Week; February 7-11, 2022; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the week of February 7-11, 2022, as National School Counseling Week; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Carter, Dr. John H.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dr. John H. Carter; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Page Turners Make Great Learners; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Page Turners Make Great Learners; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Benedictine Military School Cadets football team; winning the 2021 Georgia High School Association Class AAAA State Championship; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Benedictine Military School Cadets football team for winning the 2021 Georgia High School Association Class AAAA State Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Concerns of Police Survivors; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Georgia Concerns of Police Survivors; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dyslexia Day at the state capitol; February 8, 2022; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 8, 2022, as Dyslexia Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Muscogee Retired Educators Association; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending the Muscogee Retired Educators Association; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Madison County Middle School Future Farmers of America; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Madison County Middle School Future Farmers of America; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Simmons, Judge Bobby D.; outstanding public service; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Judge Bobby D. Simmons on his outstanding public service; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Robinson, Miller Peterson "Pete"; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Miller Peterson "Pete" Robinson; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Moses Missionary Baptist Church; occasion of its 115th anniversary; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Moses Missionary Baptist Church on the occasion of its 115th anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Carreker, Russell "Russ"; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Russell "Russ" Carreker; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Das, Gloria Elaine; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Gloria Elaine Das; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Pham, Ethan; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Ethan Pham; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia STOMP Day at the state capitol; February 8, 2022; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 8, 2022, as Georgia STOMP Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: John Evans Day; January 28, 2022; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing January 28, 2022, as John Evans Day; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Braselton Woman's Club; 100th anniversary; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION saluting the 100th anniversary of the Braselton Woman's Club; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Spruill, Athens-Clarke County Police Chief Cleveland; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Athens-Clarke County Police Chief Cleveland Spruill; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia State University football team; outstanding performance and victory in the 2021 Tax Act Camellia Bowl; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Georgia State University football team on its outstanding performance and victory in the 2021 Tax Act Camellia Bowl; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hogan, Chairman Don; outstanding public service; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Chairman Don Hogan on his outstanding public service; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Henley, Jennifer; Morrow High School's 2021-2022 Teacher of the Year; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Jennifer Henley, Morrow High School's 2021-2022 Teacher of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Day of remembrance; February 26, 2022; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 26, 2022, as a day of remembrance; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Smith, Bobby C., Jr.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Bobby C. Smith Jr.; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Freeland, Dr. Arthur Linton "A.L."; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Dr. Arthur Linton "A.L." Freeland; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Charles, Ernest Clyde; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Ernest Clyde Charles; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Madden, Tamara Natalie; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Tamara Natalie Madden; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hines, Ms. Maggi Reese; Carrollton, Georgia; UGA Redcoat Marching Band trumpeter section leader and UGA Battle Hymn soloist; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Ms. Maggi Reese Hines of Carrollton, Georgia, the UGA Redcoat Marching Band trumpeter section leader and UGA Battle Hymn soloist; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Sex Trafficking Awareness Day at the state capitol; February 16, 2022; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 16, 2022, as Sex Trafficking Awareness Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Colon, Miranda and Emily Kalec; Georgia Department of Education's 2020 Georgia Scholars; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Miranda Colon and Emily Kalec, the Georgia Department of Education's 2020 Georgia Scholars; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Digby, Emily; earning the title of 8-AAAAAA Player of the Year; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Emily Digby on earning the title of 8-AAAAAA Player of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: McCarthy, Leah; winning the Gwinnett County Girls High School Diving Championship; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Leah McCarthy for winning the Gwinnett County Girls High School Diving Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Mill Creek High School wrestling team; winning the 2021-2022 Region 8 Class 7A Duals Championship; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Mill Creek High School wresting team for winning the 2021-2022 Region 8 Class 7A Duals Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Mill Creek High School boys cross country team; winning the 2021-2022 GHSA Class 7A Cross Country State Championship; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Mill Creek High School boys cross country team for winning the 2021-2022 GHSA Class 7A Cross Country State Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Greenville Middle School Lady Patriots; winning the Region 5 Middle School Girls Basketball Championship; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Greenville Middle School Lady Patriots for winning the Region 5 Middle School Girls Basketball Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: ARK Temporary Staffing; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending ARK Temporary Staffing; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Building Owners and Managers Association of Georgia (BOMA Georgia); BOMA Georgia Day at the state capitol; February 22, 2022; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Building Owners and Managers Association of Georgia (BOMA Georgia) and recognizing February 22, 2022, as BOMA Georgia Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: McIntosh Chiefs; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the McIntosh Chiefs; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Daniel, Jenna; Bowdon High School's 2022 STAR Student; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Jenna Daniel, Bowdon High School's 2022 STAR Student; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Norton, Stephanie; Bowdon School's 2022 STAR Teacher; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Stephanie Norton, Bowdon School's 2022 STAR Teacher; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cherokee Veterans Community; five years of unwavering service to local veterans; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Cherokee Veterans Community for five years of unwavering service to local veterans; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: St. James Lodge # 4, F. & A. M.; 151st anniversary; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the 151st anniversary of St. James Lodge # 4, F. & A. M.; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Black, Pastor Jerry; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Pastor Jerry Black; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Patterson, Tyler M.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Tyler M. Patterson; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Howard, Dr. Molly; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dr. Molly Howard; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia State University College of Law; 40th anniversary; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Georgia State University College of Law on its 40th anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Takeda Pharmaceuticals America Inc.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Takeda Pharmaceuticals America Inc.; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Middle Georgia State University School of Aviation; Aerospace Day at the state capitol; 02/15/22; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the Middle Georgia State University School of Aviation and recognizing February 15, 2022, as Aerospace Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jiles, William C. "Chris"; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of William C. "Chris" Jiles; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: International Black Aviation Day; February 16, 2022; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 16, 2022, as International Black Aviation Day; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Black History Month; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Black History Month; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Groveway Community Group; "Telling Our Story" program; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Groveway Community Group and the "Telling Our Story" program; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ruff, Lieutenant Joel; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Lieutenant Joel Ruff; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Joint Study Committee for Cannabis Waste Disposal and Recycling; create. Description: A RESOLUTION creating the Joint Study Committee for Cannabis Waste Disposal and Recycling; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Winns, Tyler Jermaine; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Tyler Jermaine Winns; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Norman, Regina Hewlett; Liberty Point Elementary School's 2021-2022 Teacher of the Year; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Regina Hewlett Norman, Liberty Point Elementary School's 2021-2022 Teacher of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Molnar, John A. "Jack" and Kathleen M. "Kathy"; grand occasion of their 50th wedding anniversary; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating John A. "Jack" and Kathleen M. "Kathy" Molnar upon the grand occasion of their 50th wedding anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jones, David; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of David Jones; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Chance, Louie I., Jr.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Louie I. Chance Jr.; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: MTO Shahmaghsoudi School of Islamic Sufism; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending MTO Shahmaghsoudi School of Islamic Sufism; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Rabun County; "The Wooden Boat Capital of Georgia"; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing Rabun County as "The Wooden Boat Capital of Georgia"; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Robinson, Erik; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Erik Robinson; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Astro Turf Day; March 21, 2022; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending AstroTurf and recognizing March 21, 2022, as AstroTurf Day; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Restaurant industry of Georgia; State Restaurant Day at the state capitol; February 23, 2022; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the restaurant industry of Georgia and recognizing February 23, 2022, as State Restaurant Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Carlyle, Riley Kaye; Appalachee High School's 2022 STAR Student; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Riley Kaye Carlyle, Appalachee High School's 2022 STAR Student; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Atkinson, Stephanie; Appalachee High School's 2022 STAR Teacher; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Stephanie Atkinson, Appalachee High School's 2022 STAR Teacher; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Carroll, Ansley; Bethlehem Christian Academy's 2022 STAR Student; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Ansley Carroll, Bethlehem Christian Academy's 2022 STAR Student; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ramsell, Ella; Winder Barrow High School's 2022 STAR Student; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Ella Ramsell, Winder Barrow High School's 2022 STAR Student; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Harris, Michelle; Winder Barrow High School's 2022 STAR Teacher; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Michelle Harris, Winder Barrow High School's 2022 STAR Teacher; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Guck, Emily; Bethlehem Christian Academy's 2022 STAR Teacher; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Emily Guck, Bethlehem Christian Academy's 2022 STAR Teacher; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia State University men's soccer team; outstanding performance and appearance in the NCAA Tournament; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Georgia State University men's soccer team on its outstanding performance and appearance in the NCAA Tournament; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Holton, Michael E., Jr.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Michael E. Holton Jr.; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dingle, Larry M.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Larry M. Dingle; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: James J. Boss Memorial Roundabout; Barrow County; dedicate. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life of Mr. James J. Boss and dedicating an intersection in his memory; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Georgia's opposition to shark fin trade; state. Description: A RESOLUTION stating Georgia's opposition to the shark fin trade; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Battle, Mae; receiving the 2022 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Mae Battle for receiving the 2022 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lamb, Coach Ray; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Coach Ray Lamb; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Treadwell, Dr. Tandy Walter, Jr.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Dr. Tandy Walter Treadwell Jr.; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Day, Mary Alice; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Mary Alice Day; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jeter, Manning Thomas "Tom", III.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Manning Thomas "Tom" Jeter III; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Punchline Comedy Club; 40th anniversary; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Punchline Comedy Club on its 40th anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Risko, Thomas "Tom" M.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Thomas "Tom" M. Risko; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Williams, Ludell; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Ludell Williams; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hill, Reverend Dr. Clyde, Sr.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Reverend Dr. Clyde Hill Sr.; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hobson-Matthews, Cheri; outstanding public service as Henry County's County Manager; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Cheri Hobson-Matthews on her outstanding public service as Henry County's County Manager; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Vickers, Reverend Eric George, Sr.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Reverend Eric George Vickers Sr.; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia State University Panther Band; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Georgia State University Panther Band; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Harrison, Thomas; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Thomas Harrison; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Konter, Jerry; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Jerry Konter; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cooke, Carolyn Helene; receiving the 2022 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Carolyn Helene Cooke for receiving the 2022 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Rivers, Dr. David Eugene; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Dr. David Eugene Rivers; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Belton, LCDR David Calvin, Sr.; United States Navy (retired); condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of LCDR David Calvin Belton Sr., United States Navy (retired); and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: General Assembly; establish standard salary for Senators and Representatives equal to 60 percent of median household income - CA. Description: A RESOLUTION proposing an amendment to the Constitution so as to restrict the ability of the General Assembly to increase the salary of state Senators and Representatives; to establish a standard salary for state Senators and Representatives equal to 60 percent of the median household income in Georgia; to authorize salary supplements to be paid to state Senators and Representatives elected to serve as officers in the General Assembly; to provide for exceptions; to provide for related matters; to provide for the submission of this amendment for ratification or rejection; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Southern Cove; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Southern Cove; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Surrett, Mindy; Cartersville City Schools' 2021-2022 STAR Teacher; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Mindy Surrett, Cartersville City Schools' 2021-2022 STAR Teacher; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cail, Renee; receiving the 2022 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Renee Cail for receiving the 2022 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Arab American Heritage Month; April 2022; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing April 2022 as Arab American Heritage Month; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority Inc. Day at the state capitol; 02/28/22; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 28, 2022, as Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority Inc. Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Railroaders Day at the capitol; March 1, 2022; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Georgia's railroaders and recognizing March 1, 2022, as Georgia Railroaders Day at the capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Chapter of the Alzheimer's Association; Alzheimer's Awareness Day at the state capitol; February 28, 2022; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Georgia Chapter of the Alzheimer's Association and recognizing February 28, 2022, as Alzheimer's Awareness Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Delta Sigma Theta Sorority Inc.; 109 years of service; Delta Day at the state capitol; March 2, 2022; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Delta Sigma Theta Sorority Inc. for its 109 years of service and recognizing March 2, 2022, as Delta Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Stamper, Parks; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Parks Stamper; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Askew, Dr. Tara W.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Dr. Tara W. Askew; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Poole, Mr. Roy, Sr.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Mr. Roy Poole Sr.; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Nahmias, Chief Justice David E.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Chief Justice David E. Nahmias; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Tardive Dyskinesia Awareness Week; May 1, 2022; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the week of May 1, 2022, as Tardive Dyskinesia Awareness Week; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Smith, Teresa; receiving the 2022 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Teresa Smith for receiving the 2022 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Morrison, Caroline; Cartersville City Schools' 2021-2022 STAR Student; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Caroline Morrison, Cartersville City Schools' 2021-2022 STAR Student; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Wolf, Caden; Woodland High School's 2021-2022 STAR Student; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Caden Wolf, Woodland High School's 2021-2022 STAR Student; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hammond, Kerry; Emerson Elementary School's 2021-2022 STAR Teacher; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Kerry Hammond, Emerson Elementary School's 2021-2022 STAR Teacher; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Morgan, Diane; recipient of this year's local Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Drum Major Award; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Diane Morgan, recipient of this year's local Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Drum Major Award; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Gerdau; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Gerdau; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Abbott, Tim; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Tim Abbott; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Boyd, Valerie; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Valerie Boyd; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Bulldogs and Head Coach Kirby Smart; congratulate and invite for recognition. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Georgia Bulldogs and inviting Head Coach Kirby Smart to be recognized by the House of Representatives; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Raines, Scotty; Georgia's 2022 Farmer of the Year; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Scotty Raines, Georgia's 2022 Farmer of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Peanut Month at the state capitol; March 2022; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Georgia peanut industry and recognizing March 2022 as Georgia Peanut Month at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Oliver Morton Chapter of the Daughters of the American Revolution; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Oliver Morton Chapter of the Daughters of the American Revolution; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Greene, Judge J. Mike; grand occasion of his retirement; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Judge J. Mike Greene upon the grand occasion of his retirement; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Johnson, Jalen; Southwest Georgia African American Leader; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Jalen Johnson as a Southwest Georgia African American Leader; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Rex, Kyle Owen; member of Boy Scout Troop 714; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Kyle Owen Rex, a member of Boy Scout Troop 714; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Morris, Armond; grand occasion of his retirement; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Armond Morris upon the grand occasion of his retirement; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Public schools; study Civil Rights Era and related subjects; encourage. Description: A RESOLUTION encouraging each public school in this state to study the Civil Rights Era and related subjects described herein to affirm the commitment of the free peoples of this state to reject bigotry, to champion equal protection under the law as a foundational principle of our republic, and to act in opposition to injustice wherever it may occur; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Morgan's Jewelers; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Morgan's Jewelers; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Boyd, Dr. Josh; Newnan High School's 2022 Music Educator of the Year; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Dr. Josh Boyd, Newnan High School's 2022 Music Educator of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Haynes, Norma; 2022 Coweta Citizen of the Year; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Norma Haynes for being named the 2022 Coweta Citizen of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Williams, Dr. Angela; receiving the 2022 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Dr. Angela Williams for receiving the 2022 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Summers, Denise; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Denise Summers; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Association of Educators; occasion of its 155th anniversary; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending the Georgia Association of Educators on the occasion of its 155th anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Honors College at Georgia State University; occasion of its 10th anniversary; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Honors College at Georgia State University on the occasion of its 10th anniversary; and for the purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Consulate-General of Japan in Atlanta; 48th anniversary; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the 48th anniversary of the Consulate-General of Japan in Atlanta; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Brown, DeAndra L.; head coach of the Griffin High School girls basketball team; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending DeAndra L. Brown, head coach of the Griffin High School girls basketball team; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bullard, Rudolph; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Rudolph Bullard; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dillard, Larry F., Sr.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Larry F. Dillard Sr.; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Crisp, Charles "Charlie" Robert; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Charles "Charlie" Robert Crisp; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Leduc, Yolanda; receiving the 2022 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Yolanda Leduc for receiving the 2022 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: McNair, Dr. Kim; 30 years of dedication and education to empower women to make decisions for themselves and take control of their lives; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing Dr. Kim McNair for 30 years of dedication and education to empower women to make decisions for themselves and take control of their lives; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jones, Keisha; receiving the 2022 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Keisha Jones for receiving the 2022 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Martin, Norma Jean; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Norma Jean Martin; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Parker, Linda; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Linda Parker; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Reid, Hank; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Hank Reid; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Buxton, Judge Mary Jo; outstanding public service; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Judge Mary Jo Buxton on her outstanding public service; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Sawyer, Joseph "Citizen Joe"; outstanding public service; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Joseph "Citizen Joe" Sawyer on his outstanding public service; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ventimiglia, Phillip; the Technology Association of Georgia's 2022 Public Tech Leader of the Year; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Phillip Ventimiglia, the Technology Association of Georgia's 2022 Public Tech Leader of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Shumake-Reynolds, Alison L.; receiving the 2022 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Alison L. Shumake-Reynolds for receiving the 2022 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Pullar, Pat; receiving the 2022 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Pat Pullar for receiving the 2022 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Almand, Dr. Marshall David; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dr. Marshall David Almand; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Howard, Doris Renea; receiving the 2022 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Doris Renea Howard for receiving the 2022 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Black Voters Matter; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Black Voters Matter; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Post-Traumatic Stress Injury Awareness Day; 06/27/22; Georgia Post-Traumatic Stress Injury Awareness Month; June 2022; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing June 27, 2022, as Georgia Post-Traumatic Stress Injury Awareness Day and June 2022 Georgia Post-Traumatic Stress Injury Awareness Month; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: University System of Georgia Outstanding Scholars on Academic Recognition Day for 2022; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending University System of Georgia Outstanding Scholars on Academic Recognition Day for 2022; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Invasion of Ukraine by the Russian Federation; condemn. Description: A RESOLUTION condemning the invasion of Ukraine by the Russian Federation; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: James, Lionel "Little Train"; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Lionel "Little Train" James; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Rice, Wayne Harrison; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Wayne Harrison Rice; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Alexander, Elton; outstanding public service; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Elton Alexander on his outstanding public service; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hutchinson, Emma Grace; Presley Harrison, Trent Matthews, and Jude Harrison; work at Crosby Chapel United Methodist Church; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Emma Grace Hutchinson, Presley Harrison, Trent Mathews, and Jude Harrison for their work at Crosby Chapel United Methodist Church; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Smith-Lockwood Inc.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Smith-Lockwood Inc.; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cannata, Nicole; receiving the 2022 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award on March 8, 2022; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Nicole Cannata for receiving the 2022 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award on March 8, 2022; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Alpha Phi Alpha Day at the state capitol; February 17, 2022; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 17, 2022, as Alpha Phi Alpha Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Fisher, Dr. Tracey Simmons; outstanding work in her community; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dr. Tracey Simmons Fisher for her outstanding work in her community; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Redding, John; outstanding public service and induction into the National Association of Conservation Districts Hall of Distinction; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending John Redding on his outstanding public service and induction into the National Association of Conservation Districts Hall of Distinction; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Reach Out and Read Day at the state capitol to recognize the power of reading to young children every day; March 1, 2022; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 1, 2022, as Reach Out and Read Day at the state capitol to recognize the power of reading to young children every day; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Vogel, Carley; Miss Cobb County 2022; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Carley Vogel, Miss Cobb County 2022; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Career, Technical, and Agricultural Education Month; February 1-28, 2022; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 1-28, 2022, as Career, Technical, and Agricultural Education Month; and other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Future Business Leaders of America Week in the State of Georgia; February 13-19, 2022; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 13-19, 2022, as Future Business Leaders of America Week in the State of Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Linemen Appreciation Day at the state capitol; April 18, 2022; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Georgia's linemen and recognizing April 18, 2022, as Georgia Lineman Appreciation Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Drake, Laura; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Laura Drake; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: James, Lionel "Little Train"; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Lionel "Little Train" James; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Carter, Jerald; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Jerald Carter; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Milton, Allen "WD"; 52 years of service to International Longshoremen's Association (ILA) Local 1414 and the Georgia Ports Authority; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Allen "WD" Milton for 52 years of service to International Longshoremen's Association (ILA) Local 1414 and the Georgia Ports Authority; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Alexander, Silas "SiMan Baby", III; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Silas "SiMan Baby" Alexander III; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bowles, Judy; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Judy Bowles; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cole, Pinky; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Pinky Cole; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Boy Scouts of America; Scout Day at the state capitol; March 9, 2022; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Boy Scouts of America and recognizing March 9, 2022, as Scout Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Second Annual Yoruba Cultural Day Virtual Celebration in Georgia; April 30, 2022; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the second annual Yoruba Cultural Day Virtual Celebration in Georgia on April 30, 2022; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Moss, Calvin W.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Calvin W. Moss; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Department of Public Safety; occasion of its 85th anniversary; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Georgia Department of Public Safety on the occasion of its 85th anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Chambers, George; outstanding public service as a commissioner; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending George Chambers on his outstanding public service as a commissioner; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: 2022 St. Patrick's Day Parade Committee; Chairman Brian Counihan; Grand Marshal Dennis Michael Counihan; occasion of the 2022 St. Patrick's Day Parade in Savannah, Georgia; inviting them to the House of Representatives; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and honoring the members of the St. Patrick's Day Parade Committee, Chairman Brian Counihan, and the Grand Marshal of the 2022 St. Patrick's Day Parade, Dennis Michael Counihan, on the upcoming occasion of the 2022 St. Patrick's Day Parade in Savannah, Georgia, and inviting them to appear before the House of Representatives; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: March of Dimes Foundation; March of Dimes Day at the capitol; March 9, 2022; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the efforts of the March of Dimes Foundation and recognizing March 9, 2022 as March of Dimes Day at the capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Rogers, Reverend Jimmy; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Reverend Jimmy Rogers; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Smith, Jerry; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Jerry Smith; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hagan, Henry Richard; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Henry Richard Hagan; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Leadership Bryan Class of 2022; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Leadership Bryan Class of 2022; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Frederick, Dr. Hughan; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Dr. Hughan Frederick; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: 2022 Georgia Single Parent Legacy Builders award finalists; 2022 Georgia Single Parent Overcomer Founder award recipients for their accomplishments; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending the 2022 Georgia Single Parent Legacy Builders award finalists and the 2022 Georgia Single Parent Overcomer Founder award recipients for their accomplishments; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Gordon, Doneshia; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Doneshia Gordon; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Shorts, Vickie Kendrick; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Vickie Kendrick Shorts; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Roseboro, Gregory L.; outstanding service as University of Georgia School of Law assistant dean; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Gregory L. Roseboro on his outstanding service as University of Georgia School of Law assistant dean; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Paulding Public Safety Appreciation; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Paulding Public Safety Appreciation; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ladipo, Alhaji Ganiyu "Jerry" Adegboyega Akande Owolabi Olajuwon; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Alhaji Ganiyu "Jerry" Adegboyega Akande Owolabi Olajuwon Ladipo; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Combs, Yesenia; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Yesenia Combs; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Gordon, Elizabeth; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Elizabeth Gordon; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Walker, Judy Davis; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Judy Davis Walker; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Perez-Marrero, Senora Maria; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Senora Maria Perez-Marrero; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Brain Awareness Week at the state capitol; March 14-20, 2022; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the week of March 14-20, 2022, as Brain Awareness Week at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dulin, Deborah McAlpin; outstanding public service; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Deborah McAlpin Dulin on her outstanding public service; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Public Library Day at the state capitol; March 10, 2022; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 10, 2022, as Public Library Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Delta Sigma Theta's Stone Mountain-Lithonia Alumnae Chapter; 25th Chapter Anniversary; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Delta Sigma Theta's Stone Mountain-Lithonia Alumnae Chapter on its 25th Chapter Anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Atlanta Braves; congratulating and inviting to the House of Representatives to be recognized; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Atlanta Braves and inviting them to be recognized by the House of Representatives; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dekle, Mike; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Mike Dekle; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Women Veterans Day; June 12, 2022; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing June 12, 2022, as Women Veterans Day; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Harris, Marcus Rashad; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Marcus Rashad Harris; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Martin, Ethan Bishop; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Ethan Bishop Martin; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Akins, Michael "Mike"; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Michael "Mike" Akins; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Coppett, Carla; Bremen Academy's 2022 Teacher of the Year; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Carla Coppett, Bremen Academy's 2022 Teacher of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Smith, Shelley; Jones Elementary School's 2022 Teacher of the Year; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Shelley Smith, Jones Elementary School's 2022 Teacher of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bass, Matthew; Bremen Middle School's 2022 Teacher of the Year; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Matthew Bass, Bremen Middle School's 2022 Teacher of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lipscomb, Jamie; Bremen High School's 2022 Teacher of the Year; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Jamie Lipscomb, Bremen High School's 2022 Teacher of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Collins Hill High School football team; winning the 2021-2022 GHSA Class 7A State Football Championship; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Collins Hill High School football team for winning the 2021-2022 GHSA Class 7A State Football Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dickerson, Pamela; Women's History Month 2022; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Pamela Dickerson in honor of Women's History Month 2022; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: HPV Awareness Day at the state capitol; 03/24/22; Georgia's Cancer Control Consortium; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 24, 2022 as HPV Awareness Day at the state capitol and commending Georgia's Cancer Control Consortium; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Arnold, Judith Elizabeth; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Judith Elizabeth Arnold; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hall, Sara; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Sara Hall; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ressmeyer, Scott; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Scott Ressmeyer; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Women's Golf Day; June 6, 2022; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing June 6, 2022, as Women's Golf Day; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Yancey, Hazel Bachelor; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION commemorating and honoring the life and memory of Hazel Bachelor Yancey; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ply, Cade Bailey; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Cade Bailey Ply; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Rawlings, Jane; receiving the 2022 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Jane Rawlings for receiving the 2022 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ford, Ms. Marsha Denise; extraordinary service and leadership; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Ms. Marsha Denise Ford for her extraordinary service and leadership; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: McMillan, Bobby L.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Bobby L. McMillan; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: General Assembly; biomarker testing as a necessary part of precision medicine; recognize benefits. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the benefits of biomarker testing as a necessary part of precision medicine; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Porter, John Franklin; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of John Franklin Porter; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: McPhaul, John Allen; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of John Allen McPhaul; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Stone, Edward Harold; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Edward Harold Stone; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Association of Georgia General Aviation Airports; an industry association for general aviation airports in the State of Georgia and its corporate affiliates; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the Association of Georgia General Aviation Airports as an industry association for general aviation airports in the State of Georgia and its corporate affiliates; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: 2021-2022 Social Circle Boys' Varsity Basketball team; outstanding season and outstanding accomplishments; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the 2021-2022 Social Circle Boys' Varsity Basketball team on an outstanding season and outstanding accomplishments; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Federal Republic of Germany and the State of Georgia; reaffirming friendship and cooperation; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION reaffirming friendship and cooperation between the Federal Republic of Germany and the State of Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Kennedy, Morgan; Miss Cobb County's Outstanding Teen 2022; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION Commending Morgan Kennedy, Miss Cobb County's Outstanding Teen 2022; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Pi Kappa Alpha fraternity; Eta Sigma Chapter; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the Eta Sigma Chapter of the Pi Kappa Alpha fraternity; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Eden Missionary Baptist Church; occasion of its 150th anniversary; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Eden Missionary Baptist Church on the occasion of its 150th anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Greek Independence Day; March 25, 2022; 201st anniversary; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and celebrating March 25, 2022, as the 201st anniversary of Greek Independence Day; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: American Hellenic Educational Progressive Association; occasion of its 100th anniversary; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the American Hellenic Educational Progressive Association on the occasion of its 100th anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Panton, David; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending David Panton; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: African Immigrant Heritage Month; September 2022; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing September, 2022, as African Immigrant Heritage Month; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Houseal, Dr. Willie; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dr. Willie Houseal; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Woodard, Dominique; Banneker High School's Teacher of the Year; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Dominique Woodard, Banneker High School's Teacher of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: World Water Day; March 22; recognize; Ryan Beltrn; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 22 as World Water Day and commending Ryan Beltrn; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: HPV Cancer Awareness Day in Georgia; March 24, 2022; call attention to the connection between the human papillomavirus (HPV) and cancer; to spread awareness of the protection offered to prevent most HPV-related cancers; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 24, 2022, as HPV Cancer Awareness Day in Georgia and to call attention to the connection between the human papillomavirus (HPV) and cancer; to spread awareness of the protection offered to prevent most HPV-related cancers; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Atlanta Student Movement on March 15, 1960; 62nd anniversary of the mass sit-in; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the 62nd anniversary of the mass sit-in organized by the Atlanta Student Movement on March 15, 1960; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Miller County Liberal; occasion of its 125th anniversary; recognize; owner George Terry Toole; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and Miller County Liberal on the occasion of its 125th anniversary and commending its current owner, George Terry Toole; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Roland, Billy W.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Billy W. Roland; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: State of Georgia; recognize copper as critical; urge for inclusion on official United States Geological Survey Critical Minerals List. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing copper as critical to the State of Georgia and urging for its inclusion on the official United States Geological Survey Critical Minerals List; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Grant, Jonathan; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Jonathan Grant; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Schnute, Coach Greg and the EC Bullets Fast Pitch Softball organization; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing Coach Greg Schnute and the EC Bullets Fast Pitch Softball organization; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Women's Golf Day; June 6, 2022; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing June 6, 2022, as Women's Golf Day; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Southwest Gwinnett Chamber of Commerce; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Southwest Gwinnett Chamber of Commerce; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lovejoy High School girls' basketball team; winning the 2021-2022 GHSA Class 6A Basketball Championship; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Lovejoy High School girls' basketball team for winning the 2021-22 GHSA Class 6A State Basketball Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Feeding the Valley Food Bank; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Feeding the Valley Food Bank; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Maternal Mental Health Day in Georgia; May 4, 2022; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing May 4, 2022, as Maternal Mental Health Day in Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cross Creek Razorbacks Basketball team; winning the 2022 GHSA Class AAA State Basketball Championship; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Cross Creek Razorbacks Basketball team for winning the 2022 GHSA Class AAA State Basketball Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Gray, Allisha; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Allisha Gray; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: State of Georgia's film industry and associated businesses; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the State of Georgia's film industry and associated businesses; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bridges, Dr. David; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dr. David Bridges; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Leadership Putnam Class of 2022; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Leadership Putnam Class of 2022; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ellis, Pastor Rolesta B.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Pastor Rolesta B. Ellis; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dickey Peach Farms; 125th anniversary; Robert Dickey; Agriculture Committee Chairman and owner of Dickey Peach Farms; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating Dickey Peach Farms on its 125th anniversary and recognizing Agriculture Committee Chairman and owner of Dickey Peach Farms, Robert Dickey; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Revelo, Martha M.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Martha M. Revelo; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Westside High School boys basketball team; winning the 2021-2022 GHSA Class 2-AA State Basketball Championship; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Westside High School boys basketball team for winning the 2021-22 GHSA Class 2-AA State Basketball Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Crumly, William; one of the best basketball players to ever play for the Covenant College Scots in its 65 years existance; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending William Crumly as one of the best basketball players to ever play for the Covenant College Scots in its 65 years of existence; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ellison, Brittany; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Brittany Ellison; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Water conservation; commend outstanding advancements made by Atlanta metro region and all Georgians; urge continued initiatives. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commemorating the outstanding advancements in water conservation that have been made by the Atlanta metro region and all Georgians; urging continued initiatives for water conservation; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Rare Kidney Disease Awareness Month in Georgia; March 2022; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 2022 as Rare Kidney Disease Awareness Month in Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Gay, Dallas Franklin, Jr.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Dallas Franklin Gay Jr.; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia General Assembly; successful water conservation and management efforts of the past and present members; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commemorating the successful water conservation and management efforts of the past and present members of the Georgia General Assembly; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Sutton Tire, Inc.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Sutton Tire, Inc.; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Deal, Julian I., CPA; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Julian I. Deal, CPA; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Taylor; Elana Meyers; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Elana Meyers Taylor; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Schwaig, Dr. Kathy "Kat"; named president of Kennesaw State University; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating Dr. Kathy "Kat" Schwaig for being named president of Kennesaw State University; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Kendall Rae Johnson Day; 03/23/22; youngest certified farmer in Georgia; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Kendall Rae Johnson as the youngest certified farmer in Georgia and recognizing March 23, 2022, as Kendall Rae Johnson Day; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Young Men's Christian Association of Athens, Georgia; 165 years of service; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Young Men's Christian Association of Athens, Georgia, for 165 years of service; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Low THC Program Revenue Allocation; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the Low THC Program Revenue Allocation; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Smyre, Representative Calvin; nomination as United States ambassador for the Dominican Republic; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Representative Calvin Smyre on his nomination as United States ambassador to the Dominican Republic; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Blondeau, Betty; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Betty Blondeau; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Mahaffey, Tom; outstanding public service as the CEO of the Sandy Springs Perimeter Chamber; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Tom Mahaffey on his outstanding public service as the CEO of the Sandy Springs Perimeter Chamber; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Blalock, Mary Frances; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Mary Frances Blalock; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Price, Dr. Noris; 2022 Georgia Superintendent of the Year; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Dr. Noris Price, the 2022 Georgia Superintendent of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Chapter of the Lupus Foundation of America; Lupus Advocacy Day at the state capitol; March 23, 2022; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Georgia Chapter of the Lupus Foundation of America and recognizing March 23, 2022, as Lupus Advocacy Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Valentine, Michael; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Michael Valentine; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Stephens, Jerome; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Jerome Stephens; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Celebration of Organized Labor in Georgia Day; April 4, 2022; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing April 4, 2022, as Celebration of Organized Labor in Georgia Day; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Nation of Israel; cordial and mutually beneficial relationship with the United States and with the State of Georgia; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Nation of Israel for its cordial and mutually beneficial relationship with the United States and with the State of Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ward, Samantha "Sunenvy" Kimberly; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Samantha "Sunenvy" Kimberly Ward; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Association of Georgia General Aviation Airports; an industry association for general aviation airports in the State of Georgia and its corporate affiliates; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the Association of Georgia General Aviation Airports as an industry association for general aviation airports in the State of Georgia and its corporate affiliates; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: House Session Assistants; 2022 Regular Session; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the House Session Assistants for the 2022 Regular Session; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: House interns; 2022 regular session of the General Assembly of Georgia; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the House interns for the 2022 regular session of the General Assembly of Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Nelson, Caleia; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Caleia Nelson; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Lineman Appreciation Day at the state capitol; April 11, 2022; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Georgia's linemen and recognizing April 11, 2022, as Georgia Lineman Appreciation Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Carver State Bank; 95th anniversary; Robert "Bob" E. James; over 50 years as president and CEO; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Robert "Bob" E. James for over 50 years with Carver State Bank as president and CEO and celebrating the 95th anniversary of Carver State Bank; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: AID Atlanta; foundation's 40th anniversary; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending AID Atlanta and recognizing the foundation's 40th anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Travel Unity; first regional event in the Southeast; March 22-25, 2022; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Travel Unity and recognizing March 22-25, 2022, as the first regional event in the Southeast; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Burch, Bruce; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Bruce Burch; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Morgan, Penny; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Penny Morgan; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: House Study Committee on State and Local Law Enforcement Salaries; create. Description: A RESOLUTION creating the House Study Committee on State and Local Law Enforcement Salaries; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Atkinson-Dean, Wilhelmenia; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Wilhelmenia Atkinson-Dean; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Mamie George S. Williams Day; March 26, 2022; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 26, 2022, as Mamie George S. Williams Day; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Smith, Jonathan "Lil Jon"; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Jonathan "Lil Jon" Smith; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Patton, Antwan "Big Boi" Andr; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Antwan "Big Boi" Andr Patton; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Idowu, Pastor John and Mrs. Christianah; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Pastor John and Mrs. Christianah Idowu; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: HBCU Week; March 8-15, 2022; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION designating March 8-15, 2022, as HBCU Week; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Green Heating and Cooling Inc.; 50th anniversary; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION celebrating the 50th anniversary of Green Heating and Cooling Inc.; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Callaway, Thomas DeCarlo; better known as CeeLo Green; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Thomas DeCarlo Callaway, better known as CeeLo Green; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: McFarlin, Ashley; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Ashley McFarlin; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: The Georgia Cup Day; March 27, 2022; celebrating The Georgia Cup's 25th anniversary; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 27, 2022, as The Georgia Cup Day and celebrating The Georgia Cup's 25th anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: 2021-2022 Elbert County Lady Blue Devils Varsity Basketball team; winning the Georgia High School Association State Championship in Girls AA basketball for 2021-2022; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the 2021-2022 Elbert County Lady Blue Devils Varsity Basketball team for winning the Georgia High School Association State Championship in Girls AA basketball for 2021-2022; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Central State University Chorus; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Central State University Chorus; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Williams, Phillana; outstanding public service; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Phillana Williams on her outstanding public service; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Geros, Garrett; securing a silver medal during the Beijing 2022 Paralympic Winter Games; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and recognizing Garrett Geros for securing a silver medal during the Beijing 2022 Paralympic Winter Games; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: DeKalb County's women veterans day; March 25, 2022; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 25, 2022, as a day to celebrate DeKalb County's women veterans; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Wilbourn, Mack; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Mack Wilbourn; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Holmes, Paul; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Mr. Paul Holmes; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Clay, Mamie Axon Stevens; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Mamie Axon Stevens Clay; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Biden Administration; remove its veto and reapprove Georgia's Medicaid expansion waiver; urge. Description: A RESOLUTION urging the Biden Administration to remove its veto and reapprove Georgia's Medicaid expansion waiver; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Isenhower, Anne F.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Anne F. Isenhower; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Salvadoran American Day in Georgia; September 17, 2022; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing September 17, 2022, as Salvadoran American Day in Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Rabun County; "The Wooden Boat Capital of Georgia"; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing Rabun County as "The Wooden Boat Capital of Georgia"; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: 2022 Women's History Month Power Women; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the 2022 Women's History Month Power Women; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Straughter, Bishop Johnny B.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Bishop Johnny B. Straughter; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Atlanta Checker Cab; occasion of its 75th anniversary; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Atlanta Checker Cab on the occasion of its 75th anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Smothers, Jordan; receiving the Congressional Award Gold Medal; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Jordan Smothers on receiving the Congressional Award Gold Medal; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Owens, Ralph Mack; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Ralph Mack Owens; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Wilbanks, J. Alvin; outstanding decades of public service; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending J. Alvin Wilbanks on his outstanding decades of public service; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Nash, Charlotte; decades of outstanding public service and leadership; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Charlotte Nash on her decades of outstanding public service and leadership; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Immigrant Heritage Month; June 2022; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing June 2022 as Immigrant Heritage Month; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Satterfield, Aleigha; Chattooga High School's 2022 STAR Student; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Aleigha Satterfield, Chattooga High School's 2022 STAR Student; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ms. Karen; Chattooga High School's 2022 STAR Teacher; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Ms. Karen, Chattooga High School's 2022 STAR Teacher; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Roach, William Grant; Trion High School's 2022 STAR Student; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending William Grant Roach, Trion High School's 2022 STAR Student; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Petty, Scott; Trion High School's 2022 STAR Teacher; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Scott Petty, Trion High School's 2022 STAR Teacher; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Rivers, Hannah; Trion High School's 2022 STAR Student; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Hannah Rivers, Trion High School's 2022 STAR Student; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Patterson, Jennifer; Trion High School's 2022 STAR Teacher; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Jennifer Patterson, Trion High School's 2022 STAR Teacher; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jones, Reverend Frank Edward "Butch"; occasion of his 50th pastoral anniversary; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Reverend Frank Edward "Butch" Jones on the occasion of his 50th pastoral anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Holloway, Kirsten; Fannin County High School 2022 STAR Student; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Kirsten Holloway, Fannin County High School 2022 STAR Student; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Wise, Scott Henry; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Scott Henry Wise; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Smyre, Representative Calvin; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Representative Calvin Smyre; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hulett, Oscar; outstanding service as an environmentalist in Bacon and Jeff Davis counties; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Oscar Hulett on his outstanding public service as an environmentalist in Bacon and Jeff Davis counties; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Chad Livsey Project; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Chad Livsey Project; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Vietnamese-American Community Day at the state capitol; March 15, 2022; commending the Vietnamese-American Community of Georgia; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Vietnamese-American Community of Georgia and recognizing March 15, 2022, as Vietnamese-American Community Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Mission Agape; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Mission Agape; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: North Clayton Middle School boys basketball team; named the Clayton County Public School Champions for the 2021-2022 season; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the North Clayton Middle School boys basketball team for being named the Clayton County Public School Champions for the 2021-2022 season; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: White Cane Awareness Day at the state capitol; October 15, 2022; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing October 15, 2022, as White Cane Awareness Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Collins, Marshe; Liberty Point Elementary's 2021 Teacher of the Year; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Marshe Collins, Liberty Point Elementary's 2021 Teacher of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Oakhurst Elementary School; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring Oakhurst Elementary School; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Decatur High School's mock trial team; winning the 2022 Georgia Mock Trial Championship; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating Decatur High School's mock trial team on winning the 2022 Georgia Mock Trial Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cedar Grove High School football team; winning the GHSA Class AAA State Football Championship; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Cedar Grove High School football team for winning the GHSA Class AAA State Football Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Davis, Felicia M.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Felicia M. Davis; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cainion, Sarah; outstanding public service as an elementary principal and mentor coach for the Clayton County District; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Sarah Cainion on her outstanding public service as an elementary principal and mentor coach for the Clayton County School District; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Burton, Jamil NaQuan; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Jamil NaQuan Burton; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lumpkin County High School Lady Indian basketball team; winning the 2022 GHSA Class 3A State Basketball Championship; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Lumpkin County High School Lady Indian basketball team for winning the 2022 GHSA Class 3A State Basketball Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Nation of Israel; meaningful and mutually beneficial relationship with the United States and with the State of Georgia; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Nation of Israel for its meaningful and mutually beneficial relationship with the United States and with the State of Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Goldin, Kelly; Rome High School's 2022 STAR Teacher; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Kelly Goldin, Rome High School's 2022 STAR Teacher; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: President of the United States; consider current geopolitical tensions and support policies and take measures to ensure America's long-term energy affordability, security, leadership, and progress; urge. Description: A RESOLUTION urging the President of the United States to consider the current geopolitical tensions and support policies and take measures to ensure America's long-term energy affordability, security, leadership, and progress, including actions that result in the continued operation of existing oil and natural gas pipelines, the construction of new pipelines, and an end to restrictions on developing our nation's onshore and offshore oil and natural resources; the resumption of consistent, credible federal lease sales; and the immediate preparation of a new five-year program to guide future offshore leasing; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: House Study Committee on Regulation, Affordability, and Access to Housing; create. Description: A RESOLUTION creating the House Study Committee on Regulation, Affordability, and Access to Housing; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: McMillan, Commander Shawn; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Commander Shawn McMillan; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Marist School War Eagles Girls Basketball team; winning the 2022 GHSA 4A State Basketball Championship; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Marist School War Eagles Girls Basketball team for winning the 2022 GHSA 4A State Basketball Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Smith, Arch D., II; tenure as state 4-H leader and 37 year career with Georgia's Cooperative Extension Service; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Arch D. Smith II on his tenure as state 4-H leader and for his 37 year career with Georgia's Cooperative Extension Service; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Norcross High School Girl's Basketball team; winning the 2022 GHSA Class 7A State Basketball Championship; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Norcross High School Girl's Basketball team for winning the 2022 GHSA Class 7A State Basketball Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Norcross High School Boys Basketball team; winning the 2022 GHSA Class 7A State Basketball Championship; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Norcross High School Boys Basketball team for winning the 2022 GHSA Class 7A State Basketball Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: School Board Recognition Month; March 2022; commending the dedication and hard work of the members of the Clayton County School Board; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March as School Board Recognition Month and commending the dedication and hard work of the members of the Clayton County School Board; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Kindy, Dr. Ken D.; outstanding service; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dr. Ken D. Kindy on his outstanding service; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: School Board Recognition Month; March 2022; commending the dedication and hard work of the members of the Henry County School Board; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March as School Board Recognition Month and commending the dedication and hard work of the members of the Henry County School Board; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Importance of the Okefenokee Swamp in Georgia; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the importance of the Okefenokee Swamp in Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Kennedy, Mr. Rex; outstanding public service as a line foreman with Upson Electric Membership Corporation (EMC); commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Mr. Rex Kennedy on his outstanding public service as a line foreman with Upson Electric Membership Corporation (EMC); and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Williams, Jeremy; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Jeremy Williams; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Phillips, Walker; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Walker Phillips; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hunter, Duane Warren, Sr.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Duane Warren Hunter Sr.; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ingram, George Phillips; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of George Phillips Ingram; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Axon, Clarence, Jr.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Clarence Axon, Jr.; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Wigton, Martha Rigby; Director of the House Budget and Research Office; decades of devoted and skillful service to the General Assembly; inviting her to be recognized by the House of Representatives; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Director of the House Budget and Research Office, Martha Rigby Wigton, for her decades of devoted and skillful service to the General Assembly and inviting her to be recognized by the House of Representatives; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: King, Reverend Marvin R., Sr.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Reverend Marvin R. King, Sr.; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: King, Jolanda Kayun; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Jolanda Kayun King; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Caldwell, Katelynn; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Katelynn Caldwell; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Henry, Barbara Bessmer; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Barbara Bessmer Henry; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Akbar, Rasheed; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Rasheed Akbar; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: 'Ali, Imam Maajid Faheem; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the legacy of Imam Maajid Faheem 'Ali; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hartman, Aaron Gabriel; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Aaron Gabriel Hartman; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: National Freedom Day; February 1, 2022; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 1, 2022, as National Freedom Day; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Curry, Shiona; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Shiona Curry; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Muscogee (Creek) Nation, Cherokee Nation, United Keetoowah Band of Cherokee Indians, Eastern Band of Cherokee Indians, and the historical tribes that once called Georgia their home, including the Yuchi Tribe, Chickasaw Nation, Miccosukee & others; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Muscogee (Creek) Nation, Cherokee Nation, United Keetoowah Band of Cherokee Indians, Eastern Band of Cherokee Indians, and the historical tribes that once called Georgia their home, including the Yuchi Tribe, Chickasaw Nation, Miccosukee Tribe of Indians of Florida, Seminole Tribe of Florida, Shawnee Tribe, and all tribes; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Creel, Tiffany Adriel; Unity Christian School's 2022 STAR Student; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Tiffany Adriel Creel, Unity Christian School's 2022 STAR Student; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Thornbury, Melanie; Unity Christian School's 2022 STAR Teacher; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Melanie Thornbury, Unity Christian School's 2022 STAR Teacher; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Baskin, Lauren Grace; Unity Christian School's 2022 STAR Student; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Lauren Grace Baskin, Unity Christian School's 2022 STAR Student; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Holcomb, Mary; Unity Christian School's 2022 STAR Teacher; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Mary Holcomb, Unity Christian School's 2022 STAR Teacher; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Davidson, Anna; Rome High School's 2022 STAR Student; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Anna Davidson, Rome High School's 2022 STAR Student; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Wu, Yutong "Mason"; Darlington School's 2022 STAR Student; 2022 Page Star Student Region Winner for the Page Star Region 1; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Yutong "Mason" Wu , Darlington School's 2022 STAR Student and 2022 Page Star Student Region Winner for Page Star Region 1; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Kuckhoff, Barbara; Darlington School's 2022 STAR Teacher; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Barbara Kuckhoff, Darlington School's 2022 STAR Teacher; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Crabbe, Noah Wilson; Pepperell High School's 2022 STAR Student; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Noah Wilson Crabbe, Pepperell High School's 2022 STAR Student; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Knight, Joe, III; Pepperell High School's 2022 STAR Teacher; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Joe Knight III, Pepperell High School's 2022 STAR Teacher; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bucio-Almaras, Diana; Pepperell High School's 2022 STAR Student; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Diana Bucio-Almaras, Pepperell High School's 2022 STAR Student; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bright, Michael; Pepperell High School's 2022 STAR Teacher; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Michael Bright, Pepperell High School's 2022 STAR Teacher; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Patel, Shiven B.; Armuchee High School's 2022 STAR Student; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Shiven B. Patel, Armuchee High School's 2022 STAR Student; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Van Der Horn, Kevin; Armuchee High School's 2022 STAR Teacher; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Kevin Van Der Horn, Armuchee High School's 2022 STAR Teacher; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Habib, Rumana; CEO of Pakistani American Community (PAC of Atlanta); commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Rumana Habib, CEO of Pakistani American Community (PAC of Atlanta); and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Atlanta Jamaican Association, Inc.; grand occasion of its 45th anniversary; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Atlanta Jamaican Association, Inc. on the grand occasion of its 45th anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hood, Benjamin "Bengie"; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Benjamin "Bengie" Hood; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ellis, Monica; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Monica Ellis; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cherokee County and the Cities of Woodstock, Canton, Holly Springs, Ball Ground, and Waleska; salience of the divergence of the current understanding as to annexation, growth, boundary agreements, and joint land use plans; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the salience of the divergence of the current understanding between Cherokee County and the Cities of Woodstock, Canton, Holly Springs, Ball Ground, and Waleska as to annexation, growth, boundary agreements, and joint land use plans; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Boazman. Derrick; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Derrick Boazman; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: South Fulton Constituents Day at the state capitol; April 1, 2022; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing April 1, 2022, as South Fulton Constituents Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Fayette County Public School's Finalists for the 2022 Governor's Honors Program; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Fayette County Public Schools' Finalists for the 2022 Governor's Honors Program; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Mann, Megan; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Megan Mann; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Stone Mountain Chapter of Jack and Jill of America, Incorporated; 35th anniversary and celebration; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Stone Mountain Chapter of Jack and Jill of America, Incorporated, on its 35th anniversary and celebration; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Robinson, Mark; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Mark Robinson; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Regus, Robert J.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Robert J. Regus; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Rome Symphony Orchestra; 100 year anniversary; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and congratulating the Rome Symphony Orchestra on its 100 year anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: TifTuf Bermudagrass; drought-tolerant bermudagrass being grown by Georgia farmers and others; advancing outdoor water conservation for our growing state; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring TifTuf Bermudagrass, a drought-tolerant bermudagrass being grown by Georgia farmers and others that is advancing outdoor water conservation for our growing state; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Shepherd, Dr. J. Marshall; 2022 SEC Professor of the Year; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dr. J. Marshall Shepherd, 2022 SEC Professor of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Blum, Katie; Gwinnett County Teacher of the Year; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Katie Blum as Gwinnett County Teacher of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Wilson, Joseph "Joe"; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Joseph "Joe" Wilson; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Smith, Pastor Melvin C.; his installation; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Pastor Melvin C. Smith on his installation; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jenkins, Sarah Catherine; Coosa High School's 2022 STAR Student; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Sarah Catherine Jenkins, Coosa High School's 2022 STAR Student; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Garrett, Margaret; Coosa High School's 2022 STAR Teacher; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Margaret Garrett, Coosa High School's 2022 STAR Teacher; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ebenezer Baptist Church's Heritage Sanctuary; 100th anniversary; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the 100th anniversary of Ebenezer Baptist Church's Heritage Sanctuary; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Gleaton, Carolyn; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Carolyn Gleaton; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: City of Peachtree Corners; 10th birthday on July 1, 2022; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the City of Peachtree Corners and recognizing its 10th birthday on July 1, 2022; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Mayo, Dr. Lawrence (Larry); outstanding service as a music conductor; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dr. Lawrence (Larry) Mayo on his outstanding service as a music conductor; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Stathopoulos, George Peter; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of George Peter Stathopoulos; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Marchman, Thomas "Tommy" Lee; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Thomas "Tommy" Lee Marchman; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Kelkenberg, Kelvin "Kelly"; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Kelvin "Kelly" Kelkenberg; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hicks, Marlene Pearl; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Marlene Pearl Hicks; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Johnson, Dorothy Mae Lawyer; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Dorothy Mae Lawyer Johnson; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Edmunds, Jack B., Jr.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Jack B. Edmunds Jr.; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: McCall, Marissa; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Marissa McCall; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Week of the Young Child at the state capitol; April 2-8, 2022; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing April 2-8, 2022, as Week of the Young Child at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: LaShun Pace Remembrance Day; April 2, 2022; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing April 2, 2022, as LaShun Pace Remembrance Day; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Walker, Chloe Elizabeth-Ann; 2021-2022 school year at Midtown High School in Atlanta, GA; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Chloe Elizabeth-Ann Walker for the 2021-2022 school year at Midtown High School in Atlanta, Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Benjamin E. Mays High School; student body, faculty, and staff in Atlanta, Georgia; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Benjamin E. Mays High School, its student body, faculty, and staff in Atlanta, Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Shepherd, Chairman Jason M.; occasion of his retirement; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Chairman Jason M. Shepherd on the occasion of his retirement; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority Inc.; 69th South Atlantic Regional Conference; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority Inc. for its 69th South Atlantic Regional Conference; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Tarlano, John P.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending John P. Tarlano; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: "Community Health Centers Day"; April 4, 2022; commending the Georgia Primary Care Association; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing April 4, 2022, as "Community Health Centers Day" and commending the Georgia Primary Care Association; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: 2022 Georgia Farm Working Families at the Capitol; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the 2022 Georgia Farm Working Families at the Capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Warnock, Akintunde; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Akintunde Warnock; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Reece, Ike; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Ike Reece; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hauss, Len; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Len Hauss; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Summers, Bobbie Hasty; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Bobbie Hasty Summers; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Mixon, Ronnie Shaw, Jr.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Ronnie Shaw Mixon, Jr.; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Acquaotta, Richard; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Richard Acquaotta; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Williams, Ryan; Buchanan Primary School's 2022 Teacher of the Year; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Ryan Williams, Buchanan Primary School's 2022 Teacher of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Gilley, Kristi; Buchanan Elementary School's 2022 Teacher of the Year; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Kristi Gilley, Buchanan Elementary School's 2022 Teacher of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Washington, Tabitha; Haralson County High School's 2022 PAGE STAR Student; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Tabitha Washington, Haralson County High School's 2022 PAGE STAR Student; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Campbell, Robin; Bremen School's 2022 STAR Teacher; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Robin Campbell, Bremen School's 2022 STAR Teacher; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Thomas, Kevin; Bremen High School's 2022 STAR Student; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Kevin Thomas, Bremen High School's 2022 STAR Student; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Allen, Jessica; Bremen High School's 2022 STAR Teacher; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Jessica Allen, Bremen High School's 2022 STAR Teacher; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Brantley, Wayne; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Wayne Brantley; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hudder, Garrett; Bremen High School's 2022 STAR Student; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Garrett Hudder, Bremen High School's 2022 STAR Student; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Carroll, Sergeant Kevin; outstanding public service; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Sergeant Kevin Carroll on his outstanding public service; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jones, Johnny F.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Johnny F. Jones; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Johnson, Judge Alton P.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Judge Alton P. Johnson; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dixon, Samantha; Haralson County Middle School's 2022 Teacher of the Year; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Samantha Dixon, Haralson County Middle School's 2022 Teacher of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Busby, Missy; Bowdon Middle School's 2022 Teacher of the Year; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Missy Busby, Bowdon Middle School's 2022 Teacher of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Norton, Stephanie; Bowdon High School's 2022 STAR Teacher; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Stephanie Norton, Bowdon High School's 2022 STAR Teacher; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Daniel, Jenna; Bowdon High School's 2022 STAR Student; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Jenna Daniel, Bowdon High School's 2022 STAR Student; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Roulaine, Dylan; Mt. Zion High School's 2022 STAR Student; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Dylan Roulaine, Mt. Zion High School's 2022 STAR Student; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cataldo, Vanessa; Carrollton Jr. High School's 2022 Teacher of the Year; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Vanessa Cataldo, Carrollton Jr. High School's 2022 Teacher of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Rader, Dr. Laura; Carrollton High School's 2022 STAR Teacher; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Dr. Laura Rader, Carrollton High School's 2022 STAR Teacher; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Phillips, Debra; Bowdon Elementary School's 2022 Teacher of the Year; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Debra Phillips, Bowdon Elementary School's 2022 Teacher of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Pock, Mariel; Haralson County High School's 2022 STAR Teacher; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Mariel Pock, Haralson County High School's 2022 STAR Teacher; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Rainwater, Shannon; Mt. Zion High School's 2022 STAR Teacher; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Shannon Rainwater, Mt. Zion High School's 2022 STAR Teacher; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Smith, Joshua; Central High School's 2022 STAR Teacher; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Joshua Smith, Central High School's 2022 STAR Teacher; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Blakemore, Robby; Carrollton High School's 2022 Teacher of the Year; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Robby Blakemore, Carrollton High School's 2022 Teacher of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lanier, Chandel; Tallapoosa Primary School's 2022 Teacher of the Year; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Chandel Lanier, Tallapoosa Primary School's 2022 Teacher of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Burson, Lee; Central High School's 2022 Teacher of the Year; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Lee Burson, Central High School's 2022 Teacher of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Burns, Johnathan David "Jackson", II; Central High School's 2022 STAR Student; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Johnathan David "Jackson" Burns II, Central High School's 2022 STAR Student; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Herndon, Andrew; Carrollton High School's 2022 STAR Student; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Andrew Herndon, Carrollton High School's 2022 STAR Student; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Amandolia, Shelley; Carrollton Elementary School's 2022 Teacher of the Year; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Shelley Amandolia, Carrollton Elementary School's 2022 Teacher of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Blankinship, Kaley; Carrollton Upper Elementary School's 2022 Teacher of the Year; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Kaley Blankinship, Carrollton Upper Elementary School's 2022 Teacher of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Richardson, Meagan; West Haralson Elementary School's 2022 Teacher of the Year; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Meagan Richardson, West Haralson Elementary School's 2022 Teacher of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Davis, Reverend Marie Fuller; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Reverend Marie Fuller Davis; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Oliver, Matthew (Matt); condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Matthew (Matt) Oliver; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Roberts, Roy Nunnally, Sr.; long-term Chairman of the Walton County Republican Party; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Roy Nunnally Roberts, Sr., long-term Chairman of the Walton County Republican Party; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Smith, Mr. Shedrick; outstanding public service as a suppression volunteer firefighter; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Mr. Shedrick Smith on his outstanding public service as a suppression volunteer firefighter; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Boyce L. Ansley School Day at the Georgia state capitol; Friday, 04/29/22; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing Friday, April 29, 2022 as the Boyce L. Ansley School Day at the Georgia state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Mazzeo, Sheryl; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Sheryl Mazzeo; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Sapp, Mr. James T.; wonderful occasion of his 100th birthday; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Mr. James T. Sapp on the wonderful occasion of his 100th birthday; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lewis, Edgar "Ola"; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Edgar "Ola" Lewis; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Campbell, Rose "Tokyo"; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Rose "Tokyo" Campbell; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lions Club of Savannah; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Lions Club of Savannah; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Operation Lifesaver; 50th anniversary; commending all Georgia freight and passenger railroad stakeholders; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating Operation Lifesaver on its 50th anniversary and commending all Georgia freight and passenger railroad stakeholders; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Barlow, Joyce; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing Joyce Barlow; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Holyfield, Evander; an ambassador of good will; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Evander Holyfield as an ambassador of good will; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Banks, Rachel; achieving United States citizenship; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Rachel Banks on achieving United States citizenship; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Need for responsible stewardship and prudent management of natural resources in Georgia; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the need for responsible stewardship and prudent management of natural resources in Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: HIV Long-Term Survivors Awareness Day; June 5, 2022; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing June 5, 2022 as HIV Long-Term Survivors Awareness Day; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Kyu, Mr. Kim Baik; dedication and commitment to public service; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Mr. Kim Baik Kyu for his dedication and commitment to public service; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Asian American, Native Hawaiian, and Pacific Islander Heritage Month; May 2022; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and honoring May 2022 as Asian American, Native Hawaiian, and Pacific Islander Heritage Month; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Supporting the commitment to diversity, equity, and inclusion throughout the great state of Georgia; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and supporting the commitment to diversity, equity, and inclusion throughout the great State of Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Benjamin E. Mays High School Raiders football team; brought special recognition to its school for winning 2nd place in the 2021 GHSA Region 6-AAAA Football Championship under the direction of principal Dr. Mulanta Clark-Wilkins; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Benjamin E. Mays High School Raiders football team that has brought special recognition to its school for winning 2nd place in the 2021 Georgia High School Association Region 6-AAAA Football Championship under the direction of principal Dr. Mulanta Clark-Wilkins; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Korean American Chamber of Commerce Georgia-Atlanta; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Korean American Chamber of Commerce Georgia-Atlanta; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jamaica Day in Georgia; August 6, 2022; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing August 6, 2022 as Jamaica Day in Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Trickum Middle School Robotics Team; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Trickum Middle School Robotics Team; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Thornton, David; 2022 Heart of the Community Award recipient; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the 2022 Heart of the Community Award recipient David Thornton; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Allen, Reverend Norris; 2022 Heart of the Community Award recipient; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the 2022 Heart of the Community Award recipient Reverend Norris Allen; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hizer, Villa Sulzbacher; 2022 Board of Governors' Award recipient; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the 2022 Board of Governors' Award recipient Villa Sulzbacher Hizer; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Sklar, Lauren; 2022 Heart of the Community Award recipient; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the 2022 Heart of the Community Award recipient Lauren Sklar; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hardy Realty; 2022 Heart of the Community Business Award recipient; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Hardy Realty as the 2022 Heart of the Community Business Award recipient; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Brinson, Tina; 2022 Heart of the Community Award recipient; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the 2022 Heart of the Community Award recipient Tina Brinson, and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ward, Samantha "Sunenvy" Kimberly; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Samantha "Sunenvy" Kimberly Ward; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Thompson, Scott; 2022 Heart of the Community Award recipient; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the 2022 Heart of the Community Award recipient Scott Thompson; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Arnold, Suzette; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Suzette Arnold; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Yawn, Bruce; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Bruce Yawn; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Senate Convened; notify House of Representatives. Description: A RESOLUTION to notify the House of Representatives that the Senate has convened; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: General Assembly Convened; notify the Governor. Description: A RESOLUTION to notify the Governor that the General Assembly has convened; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Senate Rules; adopt. Description: A RESOLUTION adopting the Rules of the Senate; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Senate Officials, Employees, and Committees; relative. Description: A RESOLUTION relative to officials, employees, and committees in the Senate; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Smith Jr., Jabari; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Jabari Smith Jr.; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jim Galloway; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Jim Galloway upon the grand occasion of his retirement; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ikomoni, Pastors Alexander and Angela; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Pastor Alexander Ikomoni and Pastor Angela Ikomoni on their 30th wedding anniversary and vow renewal; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Carmichael, Lola Mae; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Lola Mae Carmichael; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Georgia Recyclers Association, the Georgia Recycling Coalition, and the Institute of Scrap Recycling Industries and their employees; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the Georgia Recyclers Association, the Georgia Recycling Coalition, and the Institute of Scrap Recycling Industries and their employees as essential and commending them for their economic contributions to Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Berkowitz, Richard I.; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and congratulating Richard I. Berkowitz upon the grand occasion of his retirement; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Caggins, Ann; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Ann Caggins; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Watson, Ann; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Ann Watson on her outstanding service as a longtime Marion School Board member; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Goodroe, Stanley; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Stanley Goodroe on his outstanding service; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Brown, Ashlei; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Ashlei Brown; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Johnson-Reaves, JoAnn A.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of JoAnn A. Johnson-Reaves; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Smith, Velma Edith; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Velma Edith Smith; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Coley; Pastor Michael; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Pastor Michael Coley on the occasion of his 23rd pastoral anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Newton County, Georgia; recognize 2021 as the bicentennial and celebrating the 200th anniversary. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing 2021 as the Newton County, Georgia, bicentennial and celebrating the 200th anniversary of Newton County; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Multi-Agency Alliance for Children; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Multi-Agency Alliance for Children; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hemophilia of Georgia; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Hemophilia of Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: King, Lindsey; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Lindsey King, Curriculum Associates' 2021 National Teacher of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Chase Elliott Day; recognize February 9, 2021. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 9, 2021, as Chase Elliott Day; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: United States Congress; call a convention; limit on the number of terms that a person may be elected; United States House of Representatives; request. Description: A RESOLUTION requesting that the United States Congress call a convention under Article V of the Constitution of the United States limited to proposing an amendment to the Constitution of the United States to set a limit on the number of terms that a person may be elected as a member of the United States House of Representatives and to set a limit on the number of terms that a person may be elected as a member of the United States Senate; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Article V of the United States Constitution; a convention of the states; apply to Congress for balanced budget amendment. Description: A RESOLUTION applying for a convention of the states under Article V of the United States Constitution; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: State Election Board; Matthew Mashburn; appoint. Description: A RESOLUTION appointing Matthew Mashburn to the State Election Board; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Williams Jr., Reverend Jasper W.; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Reverend Jasper W. Williams Jr. upon the grand occasion of his 57th pastoral anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: NewLife Radio; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending NewLife Radio upon the grand occasion of its 25th anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Advanced Placement Days; recognize January 27 and 28, 2021. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing January 27 and 28, 2021, as Advanced Placement Days at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Institute of Technology and the Northeast Georgia Health System; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Georgia Institute of Technology and the Northeast Georgia Health System and expressing appreciation for their efforts to provide a COVID-19 Surveillance Testing Program for the Georgia General Assembly; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ingle, Tony; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Tony Ingle; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Charlotte Nash Intersection; Gwinnett County; dedicate. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the Honorable Charlotte Nash and dedicating an intersection in her honor; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Thomas Sr., Malcolm Gilbert; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Malcolm Gilbert Thomas Sr.; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hardy Jr., Ralph Edgar; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Ralph Edgar Hardy Jr.; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Park Place Restaurant; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Park Place Restaurant; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jim's Family Restaurant; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Jim's Family Restaurant; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Choo Choo Bar-B-Que; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Choo Choo Bar-B-Que; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Gordon Lee Softball Team; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Gordon Lee softball team for winning the 2021 GHSA Class A State Softball Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Firefighters Recognition Day; recognize February 2, 2021. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring and commending the firefighters of Georgia and recognizing February 2, 2021, as Firefighters Recognition Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: The Serving Spoon; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending The Serving Spoon; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Together Georgia; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing Together Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: McMichael, Tom; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Tom McMichael upon the grand occasion of his retirement; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Thomson, Larry; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Larry Thomson upon the grand occasion of his retirement; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Valimont, Reverend Dr. Randy; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Reverend Dr. Randy Valimont; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Moore, Kevin Raymond; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Kevin Raymond Moore on his outstanding service as an assistant principal in Lanier County; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Health Information Technology Day; recognize January 28, 2021. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Technology Association of Georgia Digital Health, the Georgia Chapter of the Healthcare Information Management and Systems Society, and the health information technology industry of Georgia and recognizing January 28, 2021, as Health Information Technology Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Irwin County Indians Football Team; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Irwin County Indians football team for winning the 2020 GHSA Class A State Football Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Royal, Sheriff Randy; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Sheriff Randy Royal; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Truluck, Barbara; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Barbara Truluck as a top five finalist for the American School Counselor Association's 2021 Counselor of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hicks, Lt. Colonel Crawford; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Lt. Colonel Crawford Hicks; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: School Social Workers Association of Georgia; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the School Social Workers Association of Georgia for its work; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Smith, Tommie; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing United States Olympian Tommie Smith for his protest for human rights during the 1968 Summer Olympic Games; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Vaughns Sr., Lewis Debreczen; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Lewis Debreczen Vaughns Sr.; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jones, Henrietta Laster; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Henrietta Laster Jones; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Davenport Sr.; Robert Lee; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Robert Lee Davenport Sr.; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Centennial Celebration in Twin City, Georgia; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Centennial Celebration in Twin City, Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Porter, Linda Gayle; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Linda Gayle Porter; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Colbert, SFC Brad; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending SFC Brad Colbert; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: McDuffie County; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending McDuffie County upon the grand occasion of its 150th anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Mason, Reverend John H. and First Lady Maudriella; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Reverend John H. and First Lady Maudriella Mason; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Nail, Robin; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Robin Nail upon the grand occasion of her retirement; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Veterans of Foreign Wars in Swainsboro, Georgia; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the 75th anniversary of the Veterans of Foreign Wars in Swainsboro, Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cobb, Kim; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Kim Cobb on her outstanding service as a Paulding County Board of Education member; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Moore, Francine; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Francine Moore on her outstanding public service; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Tate, Virginia C. Barnett; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Virginia C. Barnett Tate; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cline, Pastor Bill; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the work and life of Pastor Bill Cline; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Stephens, Pastor Mike; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Pastor Mike Stephens; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Harris, Pastor Douglas Eugene "Doug"; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Pastor Douglas Eugene "Doug" Harris; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Family and Consumer Sciences; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing Family and Consumer Sciences; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Adjournment; relative to. Description: A RESOLUTION relative to meetings and adjournments of the General Assembly; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Airport Infrastructure and Improvements; create Joint Study Committee. Description: A RESOLUTION creating the Joint Study Committee on Airport Infrastructure and Improvements; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Pierce County Bears Football Team; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Pierce County Bears football team for winning the 2020 GHSA Class AAA State Football Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Islamic Speakers Bureau of Atlanta; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Islamic Speakers Bureau of Atlanta; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Park Place Restaurant; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Park Place Restaurant; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cousineau, Colleen; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and congratulating Colleen Cousineau upon the grand occasion of her retirement; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lowe, Robert "Wayne"; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Robert "Wayne" Lowe; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Aaron, Hank; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Hank Aaron; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: 2020 GHSA Class AA State Football Championship; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Callaway Cavaliers for winning the 2020 GHSA Class AA State Football Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Berkowitz, Richard I.; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and congratulating Richard I. Berkowitz upon the grand occasion of his retirement; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dyslexia Day; recognize February 23, 2021. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 23, 2021, as Dyslexia Day at the state capitol and urging schools, local educational agencies, and the state educational agency to address the profound educational impact of dyslexia; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lewis, Ella Mae; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Ella Mae Lewis; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dawkins, Reverend Dr. Clifton E.; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Reverend Dr. Clifton E. Dawkins on his outstanding service as a pastor; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lunar New Year Celebration; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the Lunar New Year Celebration; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Red Cross Month in Georgia; recognize March 2021. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Red Cross and recognizing March 2021 as Red Cross Month in Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Commission on E-Commerce and Freight Infrastructure Funding; create. Description: A RESOLUTION creating the Georgia Commission on E-Commerce and Freight Infrastructure Funding; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Paulk, Gary; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Irwin County Board of Education Member Gary Paulk upon his retirement from the board and for his 26 years of exemplary service on the Irwin County Board of Education from May 1994 to December 2020; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jones, Chief Mike; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Chief Mike Jones upon the grand occasion of his retirement; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Thompson II, Curt Blackburn; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Curt Blackburn Thompson II for his outstanding work in the State of Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: State Restaurant Day; recognize February 17, 2021. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the restaurant industry of Georgia and recognizing February 17, 2021, as State Restaurant Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bloodworth, Charles; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Charles Bloodworth upon the grand occasion of his retirement from the United States Secret Service; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Shaheed Dibosh and International Mother Language Day; recognize February 21, 2021. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 21, 2021, as Shaheed Dibosh and International Mother Language Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: National Wresting Alliance Day; recognize October 21, 2021. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the National Wrestling Alliance and recognizing October 21, 2021, as National Wrestling Alliance Day; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Drake, Brianne; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Brianne Drake; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Staples, Gracie; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Gracie Staples; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Democratic Party of Clayton County and the Young Democrats of Clayton County; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Democratic Party of Clayton County and the Young Democrats of Clayton County; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lytle, Bobbie McCoy; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Bobbie McCoy Lytle; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Peeples Jr., Shelby C.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Shelby C. Peeples Jr.; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Six Triple Eight Day; recognize February 11, 2021. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 11, 2021, as Six Triple Eight Day; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: World Spay Day; recognize February 23, 2021. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 23, 2021, as World Spay Day; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Gannon, Kathie; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and congratulating Kathie Gannon upon the grand occasion of her retirement; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Delta Day; recognize March 11, 2021. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Delta Sigma Theta Sorority Inc. for its 108 years of service and recognizing March, 11, 2021, as Delta Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Almon, Sharon; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Community Coordinator Sharon Almon, the Department of Community Supervision 2020 Non-Sworn Employee of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Georgia Companies and Institutions; equitable and diverse gender representation on the boards and in the senior management; encourage. Description: A RESOLUTION encouraging equitable and diverse gender representation on the boards and in the senior management of Georgia companies and institutions; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Department of Public Health Workers; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending workers of the Department of Public Health for their service and diligence through the pandemic; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Murray, Nancy; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and congratulating Nancy Murray on winning the National Association of Conservation Districts Photo Contest; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Senate Retirement Security for Georgians Study Committee; create. Description: A RESOLUTION creating the Senate Retirement Security for Georgians Study Committee; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Perry, Tyler; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Tyler Perry; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Locke, Ryan; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Game Warden Ryan Locke of the Georgia Department of Natural Resources on being named the Law Enforcement Division's 2020 Game Warden of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Forestry Commission; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Georgia Forestry Commission for 100 years of service to the State of Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Public Officers; suspension of compensation; felony; provide -CA. Description: A RESOLUTION proposing an amendment to the Constitution of the State of Georgia so as to provide for the suspension of compensation for certain public officers who are suspended because of indictment for a felony; to provide for related matters; to provide for the submission of this amendment for ratification or rejection; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Sports Betting; related matters; provide -CA. Description: A RESOLUTION proposing an amendment to the Constitution of the State of Georgia, so as to provide for sports betting in this state; to provide for related matters; to provide for the submission of this amendment for ratification or rejection; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Rathod, Christine; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and congratulating Christine Rathod upon the grand occasion of her retirement; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Malone, Bill; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and congratulating Bill Malone upon the grand occasion of his retirement; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Davis, Belinda; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and congratulating Belinda Davis upon the grand occasion of her retirement in 2018; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Peanut Butter and Jelly Day; recognize March 1. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Georgia peanut industry and recognizing March 1, 2021, as Peanut Butter and Jelly Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Rainge, Dr. Louvenia; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dr. Louvenia Rainge; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: General Assembly Chaplain; honorary position; appoint. Description: A RESOLUTION appointing the honorary position of General Assembly chaplain; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Caregivers Day; recognize February 19, 2021. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 19, 2021, as Georgia Caregivers Day; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: West, Eleanor "Sandy" Torrey; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Eleanor "Sandy" Torrey West; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Chattahoochee/Marion Forestry Unit, Brooks/Cook Forestry Unit; Area 7; State Lands Timber Sales Team; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Chattahoochee/Marion Forestry Unit on being named the Georgia Forestry Commission 2020 North Georgia Unit of the Year; the Brooks/Cook Forestry Unit on being named the 2020 South Georgia Unit of the Year; Area 7 on being named the 2020 Forest Protection Area of the Year; and the State Lands Timber Sales Team on being named the 2020 Forest Management Team of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Helping Hands Ending Hunger INC.; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Helping Hands Ending Hunger INC.; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ayers, Alex Martin; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Alex Martin Ayers; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Senate Sickle Cell Anemia Study Committee; create. Description: A RESOLUTION creating the Senate Sickle Cell Anemia Study Committee; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jim Arendt Day; recognize February 9, 2021. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 9, 2021, as Jim Arendt Day; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Joint Study Committee for Strengthening Georgia's Future Workforce; create. Description: A RESOLUTION creating the Joint Study Committee for Strengthening Georgia's Future Workforce; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Be The Match Day; recognize March 4, 2021. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 4, 2021, as Be The Match Day; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bryan County Sheriff Clyde R. Smith; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Bryan County Sheriff Clyde R. Smith; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Prljaca, Lejla; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Lejla Prljaca; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Elder, Matthew; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Matthew Elder; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Barclay, Andrea; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and recognizing Andrea Barclay, the founder of Because One Matters; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Mt. Vernon Mills; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Mt. Vernon Mills; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Syed Raian Islam; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Syed Raian Islam; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Warlick, Benjamin; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Benjamin Warlick; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Mothers Against Drunk Driving Georgia; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Mothers Against Drunk Driving Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Family Life Education Month; recognize February 2021. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 2021 as Family Life Education Month; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Art for Life: Building Creativity, Community and Connection; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Art for Life: Building Creativity, Community and Connection; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Taiwan; relations with the United States and the State of Georgia; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Taiwan for its relations with the United States and the State of Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Melton, Harold; Georgia Supreme Court Chief Justice; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Georgia Supreme Court Chief Justice Harold Melton for his 30 years in state government; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Gant, Patricia and James; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Patricia and James Gant; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Progressive Multiple Sclerosis Day; recognize March 28, 2021. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 28, 2021, as Progressive Multiple Sclerosis Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Gavalis, Mr. Joseph; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Mr. Joseph Gavalis as the Distinguished Older Georgian for 2021; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Johnson-Reaves, Joann A.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Joann A. Johnson-Reaves; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Becker, Dr. Mark P.; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dr. Mark P. Becker upon his retirement as president of Georgia State University; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Seay, Senator Valencia; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Senator Valencia Seay on receiving the Georgia Speech-Language-Hearing Association Legislator Appreciation Award; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Odom-Bell, Frankye; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Frankye Odom-Bell for receiving the 2021 Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Beckfod-Willis, Charmaine; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Charmaine Beckford-Willis for receiving the 2021 Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Levine, Elaine Ruth; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Elaine Ruth Levine; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lupus Advocacy Day; recognize March 11, 2021. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Lupus Foundation of America and recognizing Thursday, March 11, 2021, as Lupus Advocacy Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Captain Thornell "T.K." King, Cornell L. Harvey, Johnny Robinson, and Clainetta T. Jefferson; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Captain Thornell "T.K." King, Cornell L. Harvey, Johnny Robinson, and Clainetta T. Jefferson for their dedication to the community of Southeast Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Wilson, Ralph; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and congratulating Ralph Wilson; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Academy of Audiology; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Georgia Academy of Audiology; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Speech-Language-Hearing Association; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Georgia Speech-Language-Hearing Association; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Consulate-General of Japan in Atlanta; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the 47th anniversary of the Consulate-General of Japan in Atlanta; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Catoosa and Ringgold Communities; remember lives lost during the 2011 EF4 Tornado. Description: A RESOLUTION remembering the lives lost in the Catoosa and Ringgold communities during the 2011 EF4 tornado; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Congress; allow individuals to retain the right to use their image and likeness and shield them from copyright infringement; urge. Description: A RESOLUTION urging Congress to allow individuals to retain the right to use their image and likeness and shield them from copyright infringement; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Beer Day; recognize March 6, 2021. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Georgia Craft Brewers Guild and recognizing March 6, 2021, as Georgia Beer Day; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Senate Age of Mandatory Education Study Committee; create. Description: A RESOLUTION creating the Senate Age of Mandatory Education Study Committee; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cole, Caroline; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and congratulating Caroline Cole on the occasion of her 20th birthday; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cook, Bobby Lee; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Bobby Lee Cook; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Moore, Dorothy; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Dorothy Moore for receiving the 2021 Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia National Association for Advancement of Colored People; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Georgia National Association for the Advancement of Colored People upon its 112th anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Woodall, Reverend James; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Reverend James Woodall, state president of the Georgia National Association for the Advancement of Colored People; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: University of North Georgia CyberHawks Team; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the accomplishments of the 89 students and faculty of the University of North Georgia CyberHawks team for claiming 1st place in the 2019 and 2020 National Security Agency Codebreaker Challenge; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: The Housing Authority of Columbus, Georgia; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending The Housing Authority of Columbus, Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: SK Innovation; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending SK Innovation; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dargan, Mariette; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Mariette Dargan, Curriculum Associates' 2021 National Teacher of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Senate Outdoor Learning Study Committee; create. Description: A RESOLUTION creating the Senate Outdoor Learning Study Committee; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Parker, Lewis; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Lewis Parker; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Overdose Awareness Day; recognize August 31, 2021. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing August 31, 2021, as Overdose Awareness Day at the state capitol in memory of Melanie Travassos and Joey Purpura; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Gordon, Bridgett; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Bridgett Gordon; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Rahim Shah Akhunkhail; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Rahim Shah Akhunkhail, nicknamed "Sir," for his dedication to serving humanity, specifically those who are voiceless in society; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dhanani, Aziz; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Aziz Dhanani; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Strong, Crystal; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Crystal Strong, a member of the Curriculum Associates 2021 Class of Extraordinary Educators; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Greenlee, Bill; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and legacy of Bill Greenlee; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Gehl, John M. condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of John M. Gehl; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ringgold High School Softball Team; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Ringgold High School softball team for winning the AAA Softball State Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Gordon Lee High School Cheerleading Team; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Gordon Lee High School cheerleading team for winning the A Public Cheerleading State Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Heritage High School Softball Team; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Heritage High School softball team for winning the AAAA Softball State Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Deal, Denise; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Denise Deal; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jackson, Victor; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Victor Jackson; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Whelchel, Reverend Walter Lee "W.L." and Rebekah Thompson; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Reverend Walter Lee "W.L." and Rebekah Thompson Whelchel; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Robbins, Maurice Cleveland; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Maurice Cleveland Robbins; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Wayne, Dinah Culbreath; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Dinah Culbreath Wayne; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Locke, Ryan; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Ryan Locke; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Elrod, Captain Stanley Curtis; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Captain Stanley Curtis Elrod; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Northeast Georgia Speech and Hearing Center; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Northeast Georgia Speech and Hearing Center; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Walker, Fralil N. Carter Cheek; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Fralil N. Carter Cheek Walker; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Norton Sr., Frank Kenimer; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Frank Kenimer Norton Sr.; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Frost, Jack E.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Jack E. Frost; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Fockele, Mark; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Mark Fockele; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: National Groundwater Awareness Week in Georgia; recognize March 7-13. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 7-13, 2021, as National Groundwater Awareness Week in Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Stephens, Sheriff J. Tyson; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Sheriff J. Tyson Stephens; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: 2021 Senate Aides and Senate Academic Aides; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the 2021 Senate Aides and Senate Academic Aides for their exemplary service; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Levin, Elaine Ruth; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Elaine Ruth Levin; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Arona, Dr. Audrey; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dr. Audrey Arona for her valiant public service to Gwinnett, Newton, and Rockdale counties throughout the COVID-19 pandemic; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Widener, Bruce; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Bruce Widener for his many years of service; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Joseph, Jackie Alderman; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Jackie Alderman Joseph; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Timpone, Andrea; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Andrea Timpone; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: LeFevre, Ellender Smith; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Ellender Smith LeFevre; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Martin Sr., Milton; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Milton Martin Sr.; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jackson, Audraine; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Audraine Jackson for receiving the 2021 Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ridley, Marcia Lee; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Marcia Lee Ridley for receiving the 2021 Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: President Jimmy Carter; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and celebrating the long life of President Jimmy Carter, whose outstanding accomplishments include serving as former Governor of Georgia and former Georgia State Senator, receiving a Nobel Peace Prize Laureate, being a global human rights activist, and becoming the longest living United States President at 96 years old; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Pi Day; recognize March 14, 2021. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 14, 2021, as Pi Day; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jordan Jr., Vernon Eulion; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the life and legacy of Vernon Eulion Jordan Jr.; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Historically Black Colleges and Universities (HBCU) Heritage Day; recognize March 16, 2021. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 16, 2021, as Historically Black Colleges and Universities (HBCU) Heritage Day, a day to honor the critical role of HBCUs; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: McGill, Frank; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Frank McGill; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Harjee, Dr. Gulshan; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Dr. Gulshan Harjee for receiving the 2021 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: King Sr., Willie; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Willie King Sr.; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Clayton, William C. "Bill"; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending William C. "Bill" Clayton; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Carraway, Dr. Sandra; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dr. Sandra Carraway; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Spelman College Day; recognize March 1, 2021. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 1, 2021, as Spelman College Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Stevens, Dr. Amy; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dr. Amy Stevens; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Tippins, Sheriff Randall; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Sheriff Randall Tippins; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cornwell, Aiden Conner; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Aiden Conner Cornwell; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Blitch, "Peg" Margaret Herold; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Margaret Herold Blitch; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: They See Blue Georgia; organizers; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the grassroots organizers from They See Blue Georgia for their work during the 2020 election cycle and runoffs; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: The First Annual Yoruba Cultural Day; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending The First Annual Yoruba Cultural Day Virtual Celebration in Georgia on March 27, 2021; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Thrash Jr., Mr. Elmore "Mo" Callaway; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and honoring Mr. Elmore "Mo" Callaway Thrash Jr. upon his 50th year of lobbying at the Georgia State Capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ercolini, William "Bill"; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of William "Bill" Ercolini; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Consortium for Advanced Technical Training (GA CATT); Georgia high school apprenticeship; honor. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the graduation of the first certified cohort of high school apprentices trained in accordance with the German model of apprenticeship; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Warner Robins High School Football Team; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Warner Robins High School football team for winning the Warner Robins City Championship, the Region 1 5A Championship, and the GHSA 5A State Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hossain, Ali; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Ali Hossain for his outstanding civic engagement and commitment to community service to the Bangladeshi Americans living in Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Colonial Group Inc.; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Colonial Group Inc.; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Martin, Jim; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Jim Martin; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Johnson Jr., Judge Horace J.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Judge Horace J. Johnson Jr.; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Sanders, Coach Elizabeth; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Coach Elizabeth Sanders; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Comer, Carol L.; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and congratulating Carol L. Comer upon the grand occasion of her retirement; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Heard, Tommie; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Tommie Heard; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Beggs, Cory; Coordinating Chief Community Supervision Officer; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Coordinating Chief Community Supervision Officer Cory Beggs, the Department of Community Supervision 2020 Officer of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Pittard, Billy; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Billy Pittard on his outstanding public service; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Smith, Dr. Thomas; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dr. Thomas Smith; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Taylor, Pamela Yvette; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Pamela Yvette Taylor; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cooper, Thomas; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Thomas Cooper; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Fields, Judith; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Judith Fields; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Willis, Dr. Derek; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dr. Derek Willis; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Senate Study Committee on Violence Against Health Care Workers; create. Description: A RESOLUTION creating the Senate Study Committee on Violence Against Health Care Workers; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Senate Improving Access to Healthy Foods and Ending Food Deserts Study Committee; create. Description: A RESOLUTION creating the Senate Improving Access to Healthy Foods and Ending Food Deserts Study Committee; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Towns County Boys Basketball Team; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Towns County boys basketball team for winning the 2021 Class A Public Boys Basketball Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Countryman, Sheriff Greg; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Sheriff Greg Countryman; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Grier, Brandon; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Brandon Grier; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Brown, Jason; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Jason Brown; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Williams, Leon; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Leon Williams; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Graham; Debra; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Debra Graham; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Swint, Virginia; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Virginia Swint; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Baker-Champion, Edna; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Edna Baker-Champion; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Gholston, Nika; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Nika Gholston; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Carver Tigers; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Carver Tigers for winning the 2020-2021 GHSA Class 4A State Basketball Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: National Council of Negro Women DeKalb; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending the National Council of Negro Women DeKalb; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Millsap, Eleanora Verna; celebrate birth. Description: A RESOLUTION celebrating the birth of Eleanora Verna Millsap; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Conyers Cherry Blossom Festival; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating the Conyers Cherry Blossom Festival for their outstanding efforts to foster a long and steady friendship between the City of Conyers and the Country of Japan; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Heath, Senator Bill; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Senator Bill Heath; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Senate University Fees Study Committee; create. Description: A RESOLUTION creating the Senate University Fees Study Committee; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Goolsby, Richard; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Richard Goolsby; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Consortium for Advanced Technical Training; graduation of the first certified cohort of high school apprentices; honor. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the graduation of the first certified cohort of high school apprentices trained in accordance with the German model of apprenticeship; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cross Creek High School Boys Basketball Team; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Cross Creek High School boys basketball team and the Cross Creek High School girls basketball team; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: T.W. Josey High School Girls Basketball Team; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the T.W. Josey High School girls basketball team for winning the 2020-2021 GHSA Class 2A Girls State Basketball Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Roswell Rotary Day; recognize April 18, 2021. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Rotary Club of Roswell and recognizing April 18, 2021, as Roswell Rotary Day; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Park, Sky; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Sky Park; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Boyd's Speedway and Russell Racing LLC; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing Boyd's Speedway and Russell Racing LLC; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Healthy Foundations Day of Awareness and Recognition; recognize March 25, 2021. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 25, 2021, as Healthy Foundations Day of Awareness and Recognition; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Davenport, Helen Odessa Dixon; honor. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring Helen Odessa Dixon Davenport on the grand occasion of her 95th birthday; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Sarcoidosis Awareness Month; recognize April 2021. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing April 2021 as Sarcoidosis Awareness Month at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Harrison, Allie B.; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Allie B. Harrison; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Linemen Appreciation Day; recognize April 12, 2021. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Georgia's linemen and recognizing April 12, 2021, as Georgia Lineman Appreciation Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Davis, Murphy; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Murphy Davis; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Faerber, Alexandra Nicole; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Alexandra Nicole Faerber; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Fralick, Anne Winfield; celebrate the birth. Description: A RESOLUTION celebrating the birth of Anne Winfield Fralick; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Electoral College; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the current Electoral College system as the best way to elect the President of the United States; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Redding, Randall Keith; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Randall Keith Redding; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Crisp County Sheriff's Office and the Georgia State Patrol Post 30 Troopers; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Crisp County Sheriff's Office and the Georgia State Patrol Post 30 troopers; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia's African American Farmers; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Georgia's African American farmers; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Barham, Gary; Henry County Commissioner; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Henry County Commissioner Gary Barham; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Long, Inez S.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Inez S. Long; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Wong, Lani; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending National Association of Chinese-American's chairwoman and Asian Community Leader Lani Wong for her decades of public service and swift assistance in the fight against the COVID-19 pandemic; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Young Jr., Andrew Jackson; honoring. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring Ambassador Andrew Jackson Young Jr. for his service to the City of Atlanta, Georgia, and the United States; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Senate Study Committee on Excellence, Innovation, and Technology at Historically Black Colleges and Universities; create. Description: A RESOLUTION creating the Senate Study Committee on Excellence, Innovation, and Technology at Historically Black Colleges and Universities; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Colorectal Cancer Awareness Month; recognize March 2021. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 2021 as Colorectal Cancer Awareness Month; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Montgomery, Renee; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing Renee Montgomery; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Croone, Bishop-Elect Arthur James; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Bishop-Elect Arthur James Croone; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Sweet, John F.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of John F. Sweet; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Durley, Muriel E.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Muriel E. Durley; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Smith, Alicia R.; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Alicia R. Smith; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Long, James Allen "Mickey"; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of James Allen "Mickey" Long; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Great East Japan; ten-year anniversary of the devastating earthquake; recognize March 11, 2021. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 11, 2021, as the ten-year anniversary of the devastating earthquake in Great East Japan; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Keener, John; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending John Keener; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Moses Sr., Fred J.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and celebrating the life and memory of Fred J. Moses Sr.; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Wrigley, Dr. Steve W.; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and congratulating Dr. Steve W. Wrigley upon his retirement as chancellor of the University System of Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Rudin, Cecilia Vianney; celebrate the birth. Description: A RESOLUTION celebrating the birth of Cecilia Vianney Rudin; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: McGhee, Eldson; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Eldson McGhee; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bolster, Paul; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Paul Bolster; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Gellerstedt, Mary; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing Mary Gellerstedt for her 77 years of service at First Baptist Church Atlanta (FBA); and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Shortline Trail; renaming to the Bill and Dustie MacKay Trail; support. Description: A RESOLUTION supporting the renaming of the Shortline Trail to the Bill and Dustie MacKay Trail; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hynes, Dr. Thomas J.; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dr. Thomas J. Hynes upon the occasion of his retirement from Clayton State University; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bryson, Dawn; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dawn Bryson; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Keith, Dr. Lois; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dr. Lois Keith; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Mayfield, Myrtle; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Myrtle Mayfield; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Coleman, Willie W.; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Willie W. Coleman; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cole, Phyllis Lane; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Phyllis Lane Cole; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bowers, Officer James Neal; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Officer James Neal Bowers; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Coleman, R. Scott; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending R. Scott Coleman; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Gatewood Gators; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Gatewood Gators for winning the 2020 GISA AA State Football Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Rahman's, Sheikh Muijibur; 100th birthday anniversary; Bangladesh's 50th year of independence. Description: A RESOLUTION celebrating the anniversary of Bangladesh's 50th year of independence and Founding Leader Sheikh Mujibur Rahman's 100th birthday anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Oatts, Dr. Terry; pandemic leadership; acknowledge. Description: A RESOLUTION acknowledging the pandemic leadership of Superintendent Dr. Terry Oatts and Rockdale County Public Schools; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Carter, Shermanetta; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Shermanetta Carter and recognizing February 16, 2021, as Women Veteran's Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: United Negro College Fund; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the 77th anniversary of the United Negro College Fund; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Senate Convened; notify the House of Representatives. Description: A RESOLUTION to notify the House of Representatives that the Senate has convened; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Senate Convened; notify the Governor. Description: A RESOLUTION to notify the Governor that the General Assembly has convened; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Kulkarni, Dr. Swati Vijay; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dr. Swati Vijay Kulkarni; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Harbison, Dr. Kamesha; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dr. Kamesha Harbison; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Davis, Coach Wallace; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Coach Wallace Davis on his induction into the Georgia Athletic Directors Association Hall of Fame; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Green, Pat Hugley; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Pat Hugley Green; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Koon, John; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending John Koon; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Easterseals Georgia and Champions for Children Program; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing Easterseals Georgia and their chapters' Champions for Children Program; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: National Public Safety Week; recognize September 5-11. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing September 5-11 as National Public Safety Week; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Leadership Cobb and Leadership Cobb Class of 2022; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Leadership Cobb and the Leadership Cobb Class of 2022; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Horton's Books & Gifts; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and congratulating Horton's Books & Gifts; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Apostolic World Christian Fellowship Leadership Summit 2022 Day; recognizing January 19, 2022. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing January 19, 2022, as Apostolic World Christian Fellowship Leadership Summit 2022 Day; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: National School Counseling Week; recognize February 7-11, 2022; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the week of February 7-11, 2022, as National School Counseling Week; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hemophilia of Georgia; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Hemophilia of Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Smart, Kirby; Georgia Bulldogs' Head Coach; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Georgia Bulldogs' Head Coach Kirby Smart; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Bulldogs; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Georgia Bulldogs; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: REACH Georgia Day; recognize February 10, 2022. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the REACH Georgia Scholarship Program upon the occasion of its 10th anniversary; recognizing February 10, 2022, as REACH Georgia Day at the state capitol; commending the REACH Georgia program coordinators, mentors, academic coaches, and supporters for their dedicated service to the lives of REACH Scholars; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dwarfism Acceptance Day; recognize October 25, 2021. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing October 2021 as Dwarfism Acceptance Month and October 25, 2021, as Dwarfism Acceptance Day; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: General Assembly; meetings and adjournments; relative. Description: A RESOLUTION relative to meetings and adjournments of the General Assembly; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Senate Study Committee on the Restoration of Veterans Nursing Facilities; create. Description: A RESOLUTION creating the Senate Study Committee on the Restoration of Veterans Nursing Facilities; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Thomas, Mrs. Morriscene; honoring. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring and celebrating Mrs. Morriscene Thomas on the grand occasion of her 91st birthday; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hunter, Brother Willie; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Brother Willie Hunter; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bennett IV, Stetson; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and recognizing Stetson Bennett IV; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Berry, Isaiah; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Isaiah Berry; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Flynn, Chief Dan; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Chief Dan Flynn; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Sigma Nu Theta Pi Day; recognize April 14, 2022. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing April 14, 2022 as Sigma Nu Theta Pi Day; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Foster, John; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending John Foster upon the grand occasion of his retirement; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Skin Cancer Awareness Day; recognize February 1, 2022. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 1, 2022, as Skin Cancer Awareness Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: National School Choice Week; recognize January 23-29, 2022. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing January 23 to 29, 2022, as National School Choice Week; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cervical Health Awareness Month; recognize January 2022. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing January 2022 as Cervical Health Awareness Month, acknowledging that cervical cancer is preventable through regular screening, and encouraging all women to schedule well-woman exams and Pap+HPV (co-testing) cervical cancer screening; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Smith, Mabel M.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Mabel M. Smith; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Spikes, Macy-Grace Alana; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Macy-Grace Alana Spikes, 2021 Teen Miss U.S. National Turpentine Queen; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Girl Scout Day; recognize February 1, 2022. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 1, 2022, as Girl Scout Day at the state capitol and commending the Girl Scouts as a national leader in providing the best leadership development experience in the world to American girls; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: International Holocaust Remembrance Day; recognize January 27, 2022. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the Jewish Federation of Greater Atlanta, the William Breman Jewish Heritage Museum, the Anti-Defamation League, and the Georgia Commission on the Holocaust on the occasion of International Holocaust Remembrance Day on January 27, 2022; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Muscogee Retired Educators Association; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending the Muscogee Retired Educators Association; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: World Spay Day; recognize February 22, 2022. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 22, 2022, as World Spay Day; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: "Rosa Parks Day"; recognize February 4, 2022. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the memory of Mrs. Rosa Parks and recognizing February 4, 2022, as "Rosa Parks Day"; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Schroeder, Bryan; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Bryan Schroeder; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: YMCAs of Georgia; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the YMCAs of Georgia for the important work they do in communities across the state promoting a healthy spirit, mind, and body; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Moody, Ms. Natorra; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Ms. Natorra Moody; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Trion High School Bulldogs; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Trion High School Bulldogs for winning the GHSA Class A Dual Meet Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dalton State College Golf Team; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Dalton State College Golf Team for winning the 2021 NAIA Men's Golf National Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: 2021-2022 Cass High School Men's Wrestling Team; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the 2021-2022 Cass High School men's wrestling team for its victory in the 2022 GHSA Class 5A Dual State Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Breedlove, Henry Donald; honoring. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring Henry Donald Breedlove for 30 years devoted to serving the children and communities of Whitfield, Bartow, and Paulding counties; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: 4-H Day; recognize February 9, 2022. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the University of Georgia 4-H Program and Ms. Katie Beth Brewer, Mr. Arch D. Smith, and the 2021-2022 4-H Leadership Teams and recognizing February 9, 2022, as 4-H Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: University of Georgia 4-H Program, Ms. Jhaycee Barnes, Mr. Arch D. Smith, and the 2020-2021 4-H Leadership Teams; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the University of Georgia 4-H Program, Ms. Jhaycee Barnes, Mr. Arch D. Smith, and the 2020-2021 4-H Leadership Teams; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Freeman, Pamela Denise; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Pamela Denise Freeman; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ikomoni, Reverend Doctor Alexander and Reverend Doctor Angela; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Reverend Doctor Alexander Ikomoni and Reverend Doctor Angela Ikomoni; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia State University Men's Soccer Team; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Georgia State University men's soccer team on its outstanding performance and appearance in the NCAA Tournament; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Vogel, Carley; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Carley Vogel, Miss Cobb County 2022; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Kennedy, Morgan; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating Miss Cobb County's Outstanding Teen 2022, Morgan Kennedy, and commending her for her work as a community service leader and role model; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Together Georgia; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Together Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cystic Fibrosis Education and Awareness Day; recognizing May 1, 2022. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Cystic Fibrosis Foundation and recognizing May 1, 2022, as Cystic Fibrosis Education and Awareness Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ferguson, John; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of John Ferguson; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jackson, Kyle Michael; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Kyle Michael Jackson; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hanson III, Douglas Weems; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Douglas Weems Hanson III; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Burrell, Carol H.; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Carol H. Burrell; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Federation of Republican Women; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Georgia Federation of Republican Women for its 65th year of service in supporting the objectives and policies of the National Federation of Republican Women and the Republican Party to work and support the election of Republican nominees; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Senate Food Delivery App Study Committee; create. Description: A RESOLUTION creating the Senate Food Delivery App Study Committee; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Firefighters Recognition Day; recognize February 1, 2022. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring and commending the firefighters of Georgia and recognizing February 1, 2022, as Firefighters Recognition Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: National Girls and Women in Sports Day; recognize February 2, 2022. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 2, 2022, as National Girls and Women in Sports Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Blitch Sr., James Matthews "Jimmy"; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of James Matthews "Jimmy" Blitch Sr.; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Morgan, Clarence Edward; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Clarence Edward Morgan; and for other purposes
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Yawn, Bruce; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Bruce Yawn; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia State University Football Team; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Georgia State University football team on its outstanding performance and victory in the 2021 Tax Act Camellia Bowl; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Oliver, Commissioner Tyrone; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Commissioner Tyrone Oliver; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Thompson, Jessie Will; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Jessie Will Thompson; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Terry, Judge Sherrell; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Judge Sherrell Terry; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: BBQ Dudes of Burnt Hickory; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the BBQ Dudes of Burnt Hickory; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Paulding County Business Association; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Paulding County Business Association; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dyslexia Day; recognize February 8, 2022. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 8, 2022, as Dyslexia Day at the state capitol and urging schools, local educational agencies, and the state educational agency to address the profound educational impact of dyslexia; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Varsity North Paulding Wolfpack Baseball Team; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Varsity North Paulding Wolfpack baseball team for reaching the 2021 GHSA Class 7A State Baseball Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Rockmart Yellow Jackets Varsity Boys Wrestling Team; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Rockmart Yellow Jackets varsity boys wrestling team for winning the 2021 GHSA Class AAA Team Dual Wrestling State Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Baldwin, Dr. Beauty P.; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dr. Beauty P. Baldwin; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Foster, Sherry; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Sherry Foster on her outstanding public service; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Robinson, Miller Peterson "Pete"; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Miller Peterson "Pete" Robinson; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lamar County Lightnings; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Lamar County Lightnings; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: McIntosh Chiefs; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the McIntosh Chiefs; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: American Heart Month; February 2022; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the rise of cardiovascular disease as the world's leading cause of preventable death and disability and as the global public health crisis of our generation and supporting the recognition of February 2022 as American Heart Month; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Aerospace Day; recognize February 15, 2022. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the Middle Georgia State University School of Aviation and recognizing February 15, 2022, as Aerospace Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Senate Study Committee on Georgia Music Heritage; create. Description: A RESOLUTION creating the Senate Study Committee on Georgia Music Heritage; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia State University Panther Band; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Georgia State University Panther Band; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Shea, Kevin; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Kevin Shea on his outstanding public service; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: New Americans Day; recognize February 10, 2022. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 10, 2022, as New Americans Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Family and Consumer Sciences; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Family and Consumer Sciences; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cervical Health Awareness Month; recognizing January 2022. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing January 2022 as Cervical Health Awareness Month; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Guy, Rachel; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Rachel Guy; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Guy, Suzanne; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Suzanne Guy; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: St. James Lodge # 4, F. & A. M.; honoring. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the 151st anniversary of St. James Lodge # 4, F. & A. M.; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Future Business Leaders of America-Phi Beta Lambda (FBLA-PBL) week; recognizing February 13-19, 2022. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 13-19, 2022, as Future Business Leaders of America-Phi Beta Lambda (FBLA-PBL) week; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Career, Technical, and Agriculture Education Month; recognizing February. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February as Career, Technical, and Agriculture Education Month to highlight the necessity of programs that support critical sectors of Georgia's economy, including the agriculture industry; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Atlanta Branch of the National Association for the Advance of Colored People (NAACP); recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the 105th anniversary of the Atlanta Branch of the National Association for the Advance of Colored People (NAACP); recognizing the countless successes and efforts of the organization since its inception; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: CASA Day; recognizing February 10, 2022. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring Georgia Court Appointed Special Advocates (Georgia CASA) and recognizing February 10, 2022, as CASA Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Joint Study Committee on the Electrification of Transportation; create. Description: A RESOLUTION creating the Joint Study Committee on the Electrification of Transportation; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Race, Bill; Senior Meteorologist; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Senior Meteorologist Bill Race; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Glenn, David; Chief Meteorologist; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Chief Meteorologist David Glenn; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Russell, Emerson; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Emerson Russell; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Elder's Ace Hardware; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Elder's Ace Hardware; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Fitzgerald High School College and Career Academy's Purple Hurricane Football Team; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Fitzgerald High School College and Career Academy's Purple Hurricane football team as well as its coaches and staff for their GHSA 2A State Championship win on December 10, 2021; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Carver, Brad; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Brad Carver; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bennet Jr., John H.; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending John H. Bennett Jr.; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Flakes, Robena Gaines; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Robena Gaines Flakes; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Davis Jr, Edward Reynolds; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Edward Reynolds Davis Jr.; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Corbin, Gretchen; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Gretchen Corbin for her leadership qualities; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Shepherd, Chairman Jason M.; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Chairman Jason M. Shepherd on the occasion of his retirement as the chairman of the Cobb County Republican Party; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Mansour, Michael P.; Villa Rica Police Chief; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Villa Rica Police Chief Michael P. Mansour as Georgia's 2021-2022 Outstanding Police Chief of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Joint Georgia Music Heritage Study Committee; create. Description: A RESOLUTION creating the Joint Georgia Music Heritage Study Committee; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: McMillan, Shawn; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Commander Shawn McMillan; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Taiwan; relations with the United States and the State of Georgia; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Taiwan for its relations with the United States and the State of Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: National Cancer Prevention Month; recognizing February. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February as National Cancer Prevention Month and honoring the partnerships between Georgia agencies and organizations to collectively fight cancer; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: McCarthy, Marci; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Marci McCarthy; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Herndon, BJ; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending BJ Herndon; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Sant, Donna; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Donna Sant; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Burton, BreAnna; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending BreAnna Burton; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hammock, Bryn Audrey; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Bryn Audrey Hammock; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ailey, Alvin, and Robert Battle; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Alvin Ailey and Robert Battle; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia's career, technical, and agricultural education programs; career technical student organizations; educators; honoring. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring and recognizing Georgia's career, technical, and agricultural education programs; career technical student organizations; and educators who prepare Georgia's students for the workforce, higher education, and beyond; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Terry, Josh; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Josh Terry; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jones, Chandler; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Chandler Jones; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ballard, Bethany; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Bethany Ballard; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: DeWitt, Daniel; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Daniel DeWitt; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Andrew Young School of Policy Studies at Georgia State University; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Andrew Young School of Policy Studies at Georgia State University on the occasion of its 25th anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Marshall, Deborah Bailey; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Deborah Bailey Marshall; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Glasgow, Jennie; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Jennie Glasgow on her outstanding public service; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Henderson, Joey; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Joey Henderson; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cathy, Mr. Dan T.; President and Chief Operating Officer of Chick-fil-A; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending President and Chief Operating Officer of Chick-fil-A Mr. Dan T. Cathy; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia State University College of Law; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Georgia State University College of Law on its 40th anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Habersham County Day; recognizing February 16, 2022. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Habersham County and recognizing February 16, 2022, as Habersham County Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Carroll County Day; recognizing February 15, 2022. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Carroll County Chamber of Commerce and recognizing February 15, 2022, as Carroll County Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Native American Tribes; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the significant role that Native American tribes have played in Georgia and dedicating a tree on the state capitol grounds in their honor; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hooker, Douglas R.; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Douglas R. Hooker; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Smith Jr., Bobby C.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Bobby C. Smith Jr.; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Coleman-Benton, Kerri; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Kerri Coleman-Benton, Curriculum Associates' 2022 National Teacher of Year; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hud-Kirk, Jamilah; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Jamilah Hud-Kirk, the recipient of the 2022 Inspire Award; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Morrison, Jay; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Jay Morrison; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Orum, Tywonia; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Tywonia Orum; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: McCrary, Jennifer W.; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Jennifer W. McCrary; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ferguson, Jernell Elizabeth Jennings; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Jernell Elizabeth Jennings Ferguson; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Rawls, Rodney; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Rodney Rawls; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Williams-Cheever, Dr. Idell; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Dr. Idell Williams-Cheever; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Sex Trafficking Awareness Day; recognizing February 16, 2022. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 16, 2022, as Sex Trafficking Awareness Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Albers, Charles Paul; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Charles Paul Albers on his 50th anniversary with the Franklin Square & Munson Fire Department; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Self-Direction Day; recognizing February 22, 2022. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 22, 2022, as Self-Direction Day; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Pu, Mr. William; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Mr. William Pu; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Home First Gwinnett; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Home First Gwinnett; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Arab American Heritage Month; recognizing April 2022. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing April 2022 as Arab American Heritage Month; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Carter, Dr. John H.; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dr. John H. Carter; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Chance Jr., Louie I.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Louie I. Chance Jr.; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Spooner, Katrina; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Katrina Spooner; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: McDonald, David; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending David McDonald; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Conkey, Donald S.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Donald S. Conkey; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Phillips, Walker; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Walker Phillips; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bradburn, Jason; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Jason Bradburn for his service to the State of Georgia and its people; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lunsford, Mack Newman "Bud"; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Mack Newman "Bud" Lunsford; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: State Restaurant Day; recognizing February 23, 2022. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the restaurant industry of Georgia and recognizing February 23, 2022, as State Restaurant Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Consulate-General of Japan in Atlanta; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the 48th anniversary of the Consulate-General of Japan in Atlanta; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Williams, Molly; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Molly Williams; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: DeBroux, Louis; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Louis DeBroux for his devotion to his family, the Republican Party, and his grassroots political activism for over 15 years; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Banks County Deputies; Deputy Dillon Crump, Deputy Cale Mathis, and Deputy Jeffrey Ledford; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Deputy Dillon Crump, Deputy Cale Mathis, and Deputy Jeffrey Ledford; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Tolbert, Francis "Frank" Eugene; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Francis "Frank" Eugene Tolbert; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Women Veterans Day; recognizing the first Tuesday in March of every year. Description: A RESOLUTION commending women veterans and recognizing the first Tuesday in March of every year as Women Veterans Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Steve and Marjorie Harvey Foundation; honoring. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the Steve and Marjorie Harvey Foundation; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: World Taiwanese Chamber of Commerce; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the World Taiwanese Chamber of Commerce and recognizing the organization's 28th Annual Conference in Atlanta on March 26, 2022; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Givan Jr, Bishop Jake; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Bishop Jake Givan Jr.; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Triple Negative Breast Cancer Awareness Day; recognizing March 3, 2022. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 3, 2022, as Triple Negative Breast Cancer Awareness Day in the State of Georgia and March 2022 as Triple Negative Breast Cancer Awareness Month; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hinkel, Mary S.; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Mary S. Hinkel for receiving the 2022 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: National Black McDonald's Operators Association; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the National Black McDonald's Operators Association; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Tippins, Senator Lindsey; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Senator Lindsey Tippins; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Leadership Newton Class of 2022; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending the Leadership Newton Class of 2022; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lesko, Dylan; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dylan Lesko; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Association of Educators; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending the Georgia Association of Educators on the occasion of its 155th anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Stamper, Parks; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Parks Stamper; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Rogers, James; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending James Rogers; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Coahulla Creek High School Soccer Team; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Coahulla Creek High School soccer team for winning the 2021 GHSA Class 4A State Soccer Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Southeast Whitfield High School Soccer Team; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Southeast Whitfield High School soccer team for winning the 2021 GHSA Class AAA State Soccer Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dalton High School Soccer Team; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Dalton High School soccer team for winning the 2021 GHSA Class 6A State Soccer Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Templeton Sr, Rex; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Rex Templeton Sr.; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: I'm A Father F1rst Inc.; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending I'm A Father F1rst Inc.; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Johnson, Lynn Cribb; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the memory of Lynn Cribb Johnson; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Northwest Georgia Logistics Corridor; official logistics growth corridor in Georgia; designate. Description: A RESOLUTION designating the Northwest Georgia Logistics Corridor as an official logistics growth corridor in Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hutchinson, Albert L.; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Albert L. Hutchinson and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Smyre, Representative Calvin; United States ambassador to the Dominican Republic; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Representative Calvin Smyre on his nomination as United States ambassador to the Dominican Republic; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Delta Day; recognizing March 2, 2022. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Delta Sigma Theta Sorority Inc. for its 109 years of service and recognizing March 2, 2022, as Delta Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Peanut Month; recognizing March 2022. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Georgia peanut industry and recognizing March 2022 as Georgia Peanut Month at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: McNeill, Senator Sheila M.; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Senator Sheila M. McNeill on her outstanding public service; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Blankinship, Milton "Buddy"; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Milton "Buddy" Blankinship; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Boyce, Mike; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Mike Boyce; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Taylor, Steve; honoring. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring Steve Taylor; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Frary, Joshua David; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Joshua David Frary; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Stewart, Celena M.; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Celena M. Stewart for receiving the 2022 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hickman, Rebecca; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Rebecca Hickman, Metter Middle School's 2022 STAR Teacher; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Stewart, Hank; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Hank Stewart; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Black Art in America; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Black Art in America; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Honors College at Georgia State University; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Honors College at Georgia State University on the occasion of its 10th anniversary; and for the purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Cattlemen's Association; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Georgia Cattlemen's Association upon its 60th anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: City of Rockmart; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the City of Rockmart; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Smith-Lockwood Inc.; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Smith-Lockwood Inc.; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Maternal Mental Health Day; recognize May 4, 2022. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing May 4, 2022, as Maternal Mental Health Day in Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Tilley, Beth; honoring. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring Beth Tilley for her years of devotion towards positively impacting Bartow County and the lives of those who live there; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Brown, Erin; honoring. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring Erin Brown for her outstanding courage and strength to overcome any odds that are set against her; and other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Evans, Dr. Angela; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dr. Angela Evans for her over two decades of service in higher education to the students of Georgia and her years as a business development consultant; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Freeland, Dr. Arthur Linton "A.L."; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Dr. Arthur Linton "A.L." Freeland; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Reed, Billy; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Billy Reed; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Child Rescue Crusade Day; recognize March 11, 2022. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 11, 2022, as Child Rescue Crusade Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hancock County 4-H Program; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Hancock County 4-H Program; Randie Gray, Hancock County 4-H agent; Kamylah Lee, 4-H AmeriCorps; and Hancock Central High School students Alex Caldwell, Jamiya Ficklin, Tayla Huff, Jordyn Ingram, Vashon Justice, Dawson Lee, Rickevia Leslie, Angel Lewis, Alana McClain, Lauren McClain, Nikeria Morris, Saige Rhodes, Ka'Meisha Robinson, Janiya Watkins, and Jurnee Worthen, as well as recognizing February 9, 2022, as 4-H Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Matthews, Y. Dyan; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Y. Dyan Matthews for receiving the 2022 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Garnett, Ludell; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Ludell Garnett; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Isaiah "Coach" Berry Memorial Intersection; Barrow County; dedicate. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Mr. Isaiah Berry and dedicating an intersection in his memory; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Remaley, Dr. David; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dr. David Remaley, DDS, for his dedicated service to the profession of dentistry and to the citizens of the State of Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: The Silver Skillet; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending The Silver Skillet; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Rinn, Nancy; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Nancy Rinn; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jones IV, Dr. Robert "Bob"; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Dr. Robert "Bob" Jones IV; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Adams, Alicia; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Alicia Adams; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Railroaders Day; recognize March 1, 2022. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Georgia's railroaders and recognizing March 1, 2022, as Georgia Railroaders Day at the capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Russian Government; illegally and immorally invading Ukraine; condemn. Description: A RESOLUTION condemning the Russian government for illegally and immorally invading Ukraine; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Electric Vehicle Day; recognizing March 3, 2022. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 3, 2022, as Electric Vehicle Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia's Truckers; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Georgia's truckers; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Archie, Kamiya; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Kamiya Archie, the Boys & Girls Clubs of the Chattahoochee Valley's 2022 Youth of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Spelman College Day; recognizing March 3, 2022. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 3, 2022, as Spelman College Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: LaGrone, Garron L.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Garron L. LaGrone; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Boyce, Colonel Michael H.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Colonel Michael H. Boyce; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Pippin, Kay Howard; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Kay Howard Pippin; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Georgia Building Authority and the State of Georgia ADA Coordinator's Office; develop a plan to make the Georgia State Capitol building more accessible for individuals with disabilities; urge. Description: A RESOLUTION urging the Georgia Building Authority and the State of Georgia ADA Coordinator's Office to meet to develop a plan to make the Georgia State Capitol building more accessible for individuals with disabilities; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Senate Property Owners' Associations, Homeowners' Associations, and Condominium Associations Study Committee; create. Description: A RESOLUTION creating the Senate Property Owners' Associations, Homeowners' Associations, and Condominium Associations Study Committee; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Morehouse College; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Morehouse College for its many contributions to Georgia and American history and celebrating its 155th anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Music Educators Association; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Georgia Music Educators Association and recognizing March 2022 as Music in our Schools Month; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Johnson, Dr. Joyce Finch; celebrate. Description: A RESOLUTION celebrating Dr. Joyce Finch Johnson's 90th birthday; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Founders' Week at Clark Atlanta University; recognizing March 14-18, 2022. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Clark Atlanta for its contributions to the city and the state and recognizing March 14-18, 2022, as Founders' Week at Clark Atlanta University; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Scout Day; recognizing March 9, 2022. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Boy Scouts of America and recognizing March 9, 2022, as Scout Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Johnston III, Mr. Winston Skip; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Mr. Winston Skip Johnston III; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Election and Term of Members; implementation of staggered terms of office for members of the Senate; provide -CA. Description: A RESOLUTION proposing an amendment to the Constitution of Georgia so as to provide for staggered, four-year terms of office for members of the Senate; to provide for the implementation of staggered terms of office for members of the Senate; to provide for related matters; to provide for the submission of this amendment for ratification or rejection; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Comfort, Ryan; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Ryan Comfort as an "honorary southerner"; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Pi Day; recognizing March 14, 2022. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 14, 2022, as Pi Day; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Phillips, Anne; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Anne Phillips for receiving the 2022 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Johns Creek Arts Center; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Johns Creek Arts Center; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Reach Out and Read Day; recognizing March 1, 2022. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 1, 2022, as Reach Out and Read Day at the state capitol to recognize the power of reading to young children every day; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Martin, Pastor Wendy Smith; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Pastor Wendy Smith Martin; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: New Story and Mayor Juan Jess Anzures Garca; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending New Story and Mayor Juan Jess Anzures Garca; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: University of West Georgia Cheerleading Team; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the University of West Georgia Cheerleading Team and congratulating the program for its reputation of excellence and global recognition as a dynasty; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Richards, LaTonya; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending LaTonya Richards for receiving the 2022 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jordan, Troy H.; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending exemplary veteran and citizen Troy H. Jordan; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hayes, Billy; honoring. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring Billy Hayes for over 20 years of service in improving healthcare for the residents of the State of Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Walker, Judy Davis; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Judy Davis Walker; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Morris, Armond; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Armond Morris upon the grand occasion of his retirement; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Gay, Jr, Dallas Franklin; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Dallas Franklin Gay, Jr.; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Griffin, Joy; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Joy Griffin, Gainesville Jaycees' 2021 Young Woman of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Public Library Day; recognizing March 10, 2022. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 10, 2022, as Public Library Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dubnik, Representative Matt; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Representative Matt Dubnik, Gainesville Jaycees' 2021 Young Man of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hicks, Stephanie Burnsed; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Stephanie Burnsed Hicks; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ruff, Lieutenant Joel; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Lieutenant Joel Ruff; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Young, Andrew; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Andrew Young; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Crowder, Ray; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Ray Crowder on his outstanding public service as a mayor; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Senate Study Committee to Review Education Funding Mechanisms; create. Description: A RESOLUTION creating the Senate Study Committee to Review Education Funding Mechanisms; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Eat Right Atlanta Owners; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Donsha Johnson and Nicole Folkes-Johnson, owners of Eat Right Atlanta; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: International Diaspora Day; recognizing March 17, 2022. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 17, 2022, as International Diaspora Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Blackmon, Carol; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Carol Blackmon; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Yoruba Cultural Day Virtual Celebration in Georgia; recognizing April 30, 2022. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the second annual Yoruba Cultural Day Virtual Celebration in Georgia on April 30, 2022; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: White, Sieda Haleema; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Sieda Haleema White; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Baker, Head Coach Cedric; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Head Coach Cedric Baker, 2022 SIAC Coach of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Savannah State Women's Basketball Team; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Savannah State women's basketball team for winning the Southern Intercollegiate Athletic Conference; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Mabry, Dorothy; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Dorothy Mabry for receiving the 2022 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: People of Ukraine; crisis caused by the invasion of Ukraine by the Russian Federation; support. Description: A RESOLUTION supporting the people of Ukraine during the crisis caused by the invasion of Ukraine by the Russian Federation; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Senate Study Committee on Unsheltered Homelessness; create. Description: A RESOLUTION creating the Senate Study Committee on Unsheltered Homelessness; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dunlap, Jordan; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Jordan Dunlap; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Menear, Craig; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Craig Menear on his outstanding service as CEO of The Home Depot; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Martin, Donald; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Donald Martin on his outstanding public service; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Johnson, Sukari; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and recognizing Sukari Johnson; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: New, H.G. Thomas; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of H.G. Thomas New; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Roberts, William "Bill" Fred; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of William "Bill" Fred Roberts; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Thaxton, Dr. Charles and Mrs. Carole; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dr. Charles and Mrs. Carole Thaxton for their commitment to education at the local, national, and international levels; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Genocide Prevention and Awareness Month; recognizing April, 2022. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing April, 2022, as Genocide Prevention and Awareness Month at the state capitol;
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Department of Public Safety; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Georgia Department of Public Safety on the occasion of its 85th anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: "The Wooden Boat Capital of Georgia"; designate Rabun County. Description: A RESOLUTION designating Rabun County as "The Wooden Boat Capital of Georgia"; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Beyah, Aaron; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Aaron Beyah for his service to the Georgia State Capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cervelli, Mr. Peter; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Mr. Peter Cervelli; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Henry, Steven; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Steven Henry; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Goslow, Raymond; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Raymond Goslow; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Kyles, Joseph Frenchman; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Joseph Frenchman Kyles; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Burgess, Jennifer; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Jennifer Burgess on her outstanding public service and devotion to the Senate, the Georgia General Assembly, and the Office of Legislative Counsel; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Shivers, Earle; honoring. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring Earle Shivers for his dedication and commitment to faithfully serving the State of Georgia and its residents for over 35 years; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Brain Awareness Week; recognizing the week of March 14-20, 2022. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the week of March 14-20, 2022, as Brain Awareness Week at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Historically Black Colleges and Universities Heritage Day; recognize March 16, 2022. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 16, 2022 as Historically Black Colleges and Universities Heritage Day; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Colorectal Cancer Awareness Month; recognizing March. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March as Colorectal Cancer Awareness Month; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Prince, Jack; celebrate. Description: A RESOLUTION celebrating the good life of Jack Prince of Gainesville; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Mullis, Senator Jeff; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and recognizing Senator Jeff Mullis; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Taylor, Elana Meyers; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Elana Meyers Taylor; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Summers, Melissa; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Melissa Summers; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Young, Larry; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Larry Young; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Martin, Jeffree Charles; a.k.a. Jeffrey Charles. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Jeffree Charles Martin, a.k.a. Jeffrey Charles; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Smith, Karl Eli; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Karl Eli Smith; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ski, Frank; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Frank Ski and saluting Black radio personalities in recognition of their global and cultural impact; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Gay, Bill; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Bill Gay and saluting Black radio personalities in recognition of their global and cultural impact; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Franklin, Todd; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Todd Franklin; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Buchanan, Edgar; a.k.a. Edgar Champagne. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Edgar Buchanan, a.k.a. Edgar Champagne; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Stokes, Juandolyn; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Juandolyn Stokes; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Tinsley, Larry; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Larry Tinsley; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Blackmon, Laurence Ernest; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Laurence Ernest Blackmon; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Sapp, Deacon Michael; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Deacon Michael Sapp; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Gamble, Michael; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Michael Gamble; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Faulkner, Mitch; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Mitch Faulkner; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Patterson, Mr. Esmond; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Mr. Esmond Patterson; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ali, Rasheeda; a.k.a Queen Rasheeda; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Rasheeda Ali, a.k.a. Queen Rasheeda; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Gay, Reggie; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Reggie Gay; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Evans, Reverend Rodney; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Reverend Rodney Evans; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cameron, Ryan; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Ryan Cameron; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Snell, Tim; a.k.a. Minnesota Fattz; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Tim Snell, a.k.a. Minnesota Fattz; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Franklin, Mr. Christopher; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Mr. Christopher Franklin; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Clark, Pastor Bobby; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Pastor Bobby Clark; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Neal, Bishop Ray; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Bishop Ray Neal; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lewis, Reverend Rhodell; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Reverend Rhodell Lewis; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Britt, Rufus; a.k.a. the Mighty Peanut; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Rufus Britt, a.k.a. the Mighty Peanut; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Black, Twanda; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Twanda Black; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Candis, Douglas W.; a.k.a Doug Steele; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Douglas W. Candis, a.k.a. Doug Steele; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Roberts, Mike; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Mike Roberts; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lawson Air Conditioning and Plumbing; celebrate. Description: A RESOLUTION celebrating the 75th anniversary of Lawson Air Conditioning and Plumbing; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Carroll Daniel Construction of Gainesville; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Carroll Daniel Construction of Gainesville upon its 75th anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Smithgall, Celestia (Lessie) Bailey; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION celebrating the life and memory of Celestia (Lessie) Bailey Smithgall; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Au, Senator Michelle; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Senator Michelle Au on her outstanding public service; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jordan, Jen; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Jen Jordan on her outstanding public service as a senator; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jackson III, Dr. Lester G; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dr. Lester G. Jackson III on his outstanding public service as a Georgia State Senator; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Holyfield, Evander; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Evander Holyfield; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Callaway, Thomas DeCarlo; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Thomas DeCarlo Callaway, better known as CeeLo Green; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lane, Damien; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Damien Lane, 2022 High School Man of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jenkins, Jabez Jenkins and Christopher; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Jabez Jenkins and Christopher Jenkins; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Mitchell, Johns Creek Police Chief Mark; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Johns Creek Police Chief Mark Mitchell; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Underwood, Soror Ophelia Spencer; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating Soror Ophelia Spencer Underwood on attaining 'Golden Soror' status in Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, Inc.; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Woodard, Dr. Alma Gibbs; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dr. Alma Gibbs Woodard for attaining Pearl Soror; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lewis, Arthur; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Arthur Lewis; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Nixon, Otis Junior; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and recognizing Otis Junior Nixon; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Render, Michael Santiago "Killer Mike"; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Michael Santiago Render "Killer Mike"; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dikembe Mutombo Mpolondo Mukamba Jean-Jacques Wamutombo; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and recognizing Dikembe Mutombo Mpolondo Mukamba Jean-Jacques Wamutombo for his athletic achievements and humanitarian work; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Almand, Dr. Marshall David; recgonize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dr. Marshall David Almand; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Zangandou, Aimee; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Aimee Zangandou for receiving the 2022 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Howard, Ethel; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Ethel Howard; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: England, Representative Terry; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Representative Terry England on his outstanding public service; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Gravley, Representative Micah; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Representative Micah Gravley on his outstanding public service; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hickman, Rebecca; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Rebecca Hickman, Candler County Schools' 2022 STAR Teacher; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Spooner, Roger; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Roger Spooner; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Senate Study Committee on the Creation of a Georgia Cybersecurity Force; create. Description: A RESOLUTION creating the Senate Study Committee on the Creation of a Georgia Cybersecurity Force; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Davis, Wendell and Nancy; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating Wendell and Nancy Davis upon the grand occasion of their 70th wedding anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Rock Springs Christian Academy Varsity Football Team; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Rock Springs Christian Academy varsity football team for winning the 2021 GAPPS Class A State Football Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: State of Georgia's Film Industry; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the State of Georgia's film industry and associated businesses; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: England, Representative Terry; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Representative Terry England on his outstanding public service; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bridges, Dr. David; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dr. David Bridges; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: 2022 Senate Aides and Senate Academic Aides; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the 2022 Senate Aides and Senate Academic Aides for their exemplary service; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lumpkin County High School Lady Indian Basketball Team; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Lumpkin County High School Lady Indian basketball team for winning the 2022 GHSA Class 3A State Basketball Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Haynes, Holly; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Holly Haynes, Miss Georgia 2022; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: 2022 Senate Aides and Senate Academic Aides; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the 2022 Senate Aides and Senate Academic Aides for their exemplary service; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Smith, Richard "Dick"; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Richard "Dick" Smith; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ware, Pam; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Pam Ware; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Tritt, Travis; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Travis Tritt; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Mangold, Ronald; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Ronald Mangold for his dedication to education; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: O'Brien, Mark; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Mark O'Brien for his contribution to LakePoint Sports in the State of Georgia and around the United States; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Greenwood, Dave; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dave Greenwood for his dedication to collegiate athletics; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Geros, Garrett; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Garrett Geros for his tremendous athletic accomplishments; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Mahone, Michael; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating Michael Mahone for being elected to the Oglethorpe City Council; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jelks, Lorenzo "Lo" ; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Lorenzo "Lo" Jelks; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Newton County School System Public Relations Department; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending the Newton County School System Public Relations Department; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Barnes, Henry Jewett; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Henry Jewett Barnes; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Geiger, Judge George G.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Judge George G. Geiger; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Women Lead Right Inc.; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Women Lead Right Inc., a Georgia not-for-profit, and its president, Leah Aldridge, and her fellow board members for outstanding public service; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Dominican Republic-Central America Free Trade Agreement; express support. Description: A RESOLUTION expressing support for the Dominican Republic-Central America Free Trade Agreement's yarn forward rule of origin and its vital role in supporting employment throughout Georgia's cotton and textile industries, boosting manufacturing in the state; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jones, Senator Emanuel D.; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Senator Emanuel D. Jones; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Senate Study Committee on People with Intellectual and Developmental Disabilities and Waiver Plan Access; create. Description: A RESOLUTION creating the Senate Study Committee on People with Intellectual and Developmental Disabilities and Waiver Plan Access; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: School Board Appreciation Week; recognize the week of March 14-18, 2022. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the week of March 14-18, 2022 as School Board Appreciation Week in Georgia and commending the school board for Rockdale County Public Schools; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Kinney, Anna Rose Collins; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Anna Rose Collins Kinney; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Rozier, Pastor Cecil J.; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Pastor Cecil J. Rozier on the grand occasion of his pastoral retirement; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Floyd, Leonard; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Leonard Floyd; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Stalnaker, Chairman Tommy; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Chairman Tommy Stalnaker; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Biomarker Testing; necessary part of precision medicine; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the benefits of biomarker testing as a necessary part of precision medicine; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Taylor, Mr. Wes; recognize. Description: RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Mr. Wes Taylor; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: South Georgia Medical Center; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending South Georgia Medical Center; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: School Board Recognition Month; recognize March. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 2022 as School Board Recognition Month in Clayton County; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hines, Ms. Maggi Reese; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Ms. Maggi Reese Hines of Carrollton, Georgia, the UGA Redcoat Marching Band trumpeter section leader and UGA Battle Hymn soloist; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lovejoy High School Girls' Basketball Team; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Lovejoy High School girls' basketball team for winning the 2021-22 GHSA Class 6A State Basketball Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Eason, Sergeant Kerry Lee; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Sergeant Kerry Lee Eason; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Weyant, Emma; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Emma Weyant for her monumental athletic achievements; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Deyton, Harlie C. condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Harlie C. Deyton; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Morris, Wayne; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Wayne Morris; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jones, Thomas Chase; honoring. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring Thomas Chase Jones for his decades of contributions of artistic ingenuity to the entertainment industry as well as supporting and enriching the minds of young composers; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Lineman Appreciation Day; recognize April 11, 2022. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Georgia's linemen and recognizing April 11, 2022, as Georgia Lineman Appreciation Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Deal, Julian I.; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Julian I. Deal, CPA; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lambert, Douglas H.; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Douglas H. Lambert as the 2022 Rotary Citizen of the Year for Statesboro and Bulloch County; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: The Georgia Cup Day; recognizing March 27, 2022. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 27, 2022, as The Georgia Cup Day and celebrating The Georgia Cup's 25th anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: McKinzie, Mayson; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Mayson McKinzie; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Shepherds Rest; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Shepherds Rest; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Young Men's Christian Association of Athens; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending the Young Men's Christian Association of Athens, Georgia, for 165 years of service; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: City of Peachtree Corners; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and celebrating the tenth anniversary of the City of Peachtree Corners in Gwinnett County, Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Walker, Judy Davis; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Judy Davis Walker; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: School Board Appreciation Week; recognizing the week of March 14-18, 2022. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the week of March 14-18, 2022, as School Board Appreciation Week in Georgia and commending the school board for DeKalb County Public Schools; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Nation of Israel; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Nation of Israel for its meaningful and mutually beneficial relationship with the United States and with the State of Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Ethiopia; calling for unfettered humanitarian access; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and calling for unfettered humanitarian access to the millions of people in the Tigray region of Ethiopia facing weaponized starvation, calling for support for vulnerable populations, including refugees, internally displaced persons, victims of gender-based sexual violence, and individuals forcibly displaced by the genocidal war in Ethiopia; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Clark-Perry, Tonya; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Tonya Clark-Perry; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Joint Study Committee on Transparency in High School Athletic Associations; create. Description: A RESOLUTION creating the Joint Study Committee on Transparency in High School Athletic Associations; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: UCTV; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending UCTV; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Horne Jr., Kelso Crowder "Casey" ; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Kelso Crowder "Casey" Horne Jr. for his selfless service to his country and community; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Walker, III, H. Jay; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending H. Jay Walker, III; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Smith, Courtney; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Courtney Smith on being crowned Miss Georgia Teen USA 2022; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Redneck Gourmet; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Redneck Gourmet; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Senate Development Authorities and Downtown Development Authorities Study Committee; create. Description: A RESOLUTION creating the Senate Development Authorities and Downtown Development Authorities Study Committee; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Clark Atlanta University Day; recognizing March 31, 2022. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 31, 2022, as Clark Atlanta University Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bowden Jr., Harry Jaudon; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Harry Jaudon Bowden Jr.; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Wright-Cotton, Bishop Shirley David; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Bishop Shirley David Wright-Cotton; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: South Fulton Constituents Day; recognizing April 1, 2022. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing April 1, 2022, as South Fulton Constituents Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Campbell, Dr. Mary Schmidt; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dr. Mary Schmidt Campbell on her outstanding service at Spelman College; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Smith II, Arch D.; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Arch D. Smith II; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Spears, Tyrone; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Tyrone Spears; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Peacock Jr, William "Bill" E.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of William "Bill" E. Peacock, Jr.; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Cherokee County; adopt annexation growth boundary agreements and joint land use plans; urge. Description: A RESOLUTION urging Cherokee County and the Cities of Woodstock, Canton, Holly Springs, Ball Ground, and Waleska to adopt annexation growth boundary agreements and joint land use plans; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Country of Bangladesh; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Country of Bangladesh; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Senate Study Committee on Economic Development and International Relations; create. Description: A RESOLUTION creating the Senate Study Committee on Economic Development and International Relations; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Secretary of the Senate; cost of living adjustment; approve. Description: A RESOLUTION approving a cost of living adjustment and supplement for the Secretary of the Senate; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: William Alfred Fountain High School; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending William Alfred Fountain High School; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: American Society of Landscape Architects (ASLA); recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the American Society of Landscape Architects (ASLA); and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Orton II, Daniel L.; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Daniel L. Orton II for his exceptional performance as a program integrator for the Defense Contract Management Agency, Lockheed Martin-Marietta; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: 57th Annual Community Observance of Holocaust Remembrance Day; recognize May 1, 2022. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the 57th Annual Community Observance of Holocaust Remembrance Day, May 1, 2022; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Inman Park Neighborhood Association; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Inman Park Neighborhood Association on the 50th anniversary of its Inman Park Festival and Tour of Homes; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Minard, Tim; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the accomplishments of Tim Minard; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Royal Bengal Logistics, Inc.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Royal Bengal Logistics, Inc.; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: McGuire, Edith Marie; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Edith Marie McGuire; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Barrow, Theola Harris; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Theola Harris Barrow; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Greater Eastside Chamber of Commerce; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Greater Eastside Chamber of Commerce; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Department of Corrections and Common Good Atlanta; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Georgia Department of Corrections and Common Good Atlanta; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jefferson Motor Company; celebrate. Description: A RESOLUTION celebrating the 100th anniversary of Jefferson Motor Company; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hayes Automotive Group; celebrate. Description: A RESOLUTION celebrating the 50th anniversary of the Hayes Automotive Group; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cascade Nature Gurlz; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Cascade Nature Gurlz; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Sagoo, Jaspal; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Jaspal Sagoo; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Muscogee (Creek) Nation, Cherokee Nation, United Keetoowah Band of Cherokee Indians, Eastern Band of Cherokee Indians, and the historical tribes that once called Georgia their home; commending. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Muscogee (Creek) Nation, Cherokee Nation, United Keetoowah Band of Cherokee Indians, Eastern Band of Cherokee Indians, and the historical tribes that once called Georgia their home, including the Yuchi Tribe, Chickasaw Nation, Miccosukee Tribe of Indians of Florida, Seminole Tribe of Florida, Shawnee Tribe, and all tribes; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Pre-K Week; recognizing October 3-7, 2022. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing October 3-7, 2022, as Georgia Pre-K Week; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Smyre, Representative Calvin; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Representative Calvin Smyre; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Joyner, Gordon L.; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Gordon L. Joyner on his contributions to the City of Atlanta, State of Georgia, and the United States and for his leadership and life's work in service to the community; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Williams, Dr. Jeff; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dr. Jeff Williams on his outstanding public service as an educator; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Belmonte Jr., Fernando Feliciano ''Sonny'' Racimo; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Fernando Feliciano ''Sonny'' Racimo Belmonte Jr. on his outstanding public service as a member of the Philippine House of Representatives and as Mayor of Quezon City; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Adjournment; relative to. Description: A RESOLUTION relative to meetings and adjournments of the General Assembly; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Association of Georgia General Aviation Airports; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the Association of Georgia General Aviation Airports as an industry association for general aviation airports in the State of Georgia and its corporate affiliates; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: City of Ringgold; a charter study committee; establish. Description: A RESOLUTION requesting the City of Ringgold to establish a charter study committee; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Speight, Charles; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Charles Speight; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Omega Psi Phi Fraternity Incorporated; honoring. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the rich tradition of Omega Psi Phi Fraternity Incorporated and welcoming its members to Atlanta, Georgia, for the 85th Seventh District Conference; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Thompson, Senator Bruce; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Senator Bruce Thompson on his outstanding public service; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Harper, Senator Tyler; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Senator Tyler Harper; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jackson III, Dr. Lester G.; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dr. Lester G. Jackson III on his outstanding public service as a Georgia State Senator; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Au, Senator Michelle; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Senator Michelle Au on her outstanding public service; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jones, Senator Burt; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Senator Burt Jones on his outstanding public service; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jordan, Senator Jen; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Senator Jen Jordan on her outstanding public service as a Georgia state senator; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Duncan, Geoffrey L.; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Geoffrey L. Duncan for his extraordinary service as Georgia's Lieutenant Governor; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Morley, Cindy; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Cindy Morley; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Harding, Hannah; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Hannah Harding for her exceptional work ethic and her desire to serve others; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Harbison, Senator Ed; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Senator Ed Harbison; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cathy, Mr. Dan T.; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Chairman of the Board and former CEO of Chick-fil-A Mr. Dan T. Cathy; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Wyant, Gladys; career and retirement; celebrate. Description: A RESOLUTION celebrating the career and retirement of Gladys Wyant; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Purebred Dog Day; recognizing May 1, 2022. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing May 1, 2022, as Purebred Dog Day in Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Washington Food Market; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Washington Food Market; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: TifTuf Bermudagrass; honoring. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring TifTuf Bermudagrass, a drought-tolerant bermudagrass being grown by Georgia farmers and others that is advancing outdoor water conservation for our growing state; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bailey, Deb; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Deb Bailey; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Association of Georgia General Aviation Airports; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the Association of Georgia General Aviation Airports as an industry association for general aviation airports in the State of Georgia and its corporate affiliates; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Au, Senator Michelle; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Senator Michelle Au on her outstanding public service; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jackson III, Dr. Lester G.; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dr. Lester G. Jackson III on his outstanding public service as a Georgia state senator; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jordan, Senator Jen; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Senator Jen Jordan on her outstanding public service as a Georgia state senator; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Northview High School Mock Trial Team. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Northview High School mock trial team for winning the 2022 Georgia High School Mock Trial State Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ramadan; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the Islamic holy month of Ramadan, commencing a month of fasting and spiritual renewal, and extending best wishes to all in Georgia and around the world for a joyous and meaningful observance of Eid al-Fitr; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: State Law Enforcement Agencies; adopting best practices through programs implemented by the Georgia Sheriffs' Association and the Georgia Association of Chiefs of Police; encourage. Description: A RESOLUTION encouraging state law enforcement agencies to consider adopting best practices through programs implemented by the Georgia Sheriffs' Association and the Georgia Association of Chiefs of Police; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Brown, Jr., Dr. Uzee; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dr. Uzee Brown, Jr. on his outstanding contributions to the arts; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dade County's Local Radio Station, KWN; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dade County's local radio station, KWN; and for other purposes.
In 2022, Georgia passed a bill titled: Holyfield, Evander; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Evander Holyfield as an ambassador of good will; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia House of Representatives Redistricting Act of 2021; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide for the composition and number of state house districts; to provide for a short title; to provide when members of the House of Representatives elected shall take office; to provide for the continuation of the present representative districts until a certain time; to provide that the provisions of this Act shall supersede and replace a districting plan and certain changes thereto; to provide for related matters; to provide an effective date; to repeal specific Acts; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Coolidge, City of; provide new charter. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide a new charter for the City of Coolidge; to provide for pending matters; to provide for definitions and construction; to provide for severability; to provide for related matters; to repeal specific Acts; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Chattooga County Public Facilities Authority Act; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to create the Chattooga County Public Facilities Authority; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Revenue and taxation; Internal Revenue Code and Internal Revenue Code of 1986; define terms and incorporate certain provisions of federal law into Georgia law. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 48 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to revenue and taxation, so as to revise the terms "Internal Revenue Code" and "Internal Revenue Code of 1986" and thereby incorporate certain provisions of the federal law into Georgia law; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date and applicability; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Floyd County; Board of Elections and Registration; reconstitute and reestablish. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to reconstitute and reestablish the board of elections and registration for Floyd County, Georgia; to provide for the powers and duties of the board; to provide for the appointment, resignation, and removal of its members; to provide for meetings and special meetings of the board; to provide an administrative office for elections and registrations; to staff such office with an elections supervisor, clerical assistants, and other employees; to provide compensation for administrative personnel and members of the board; to provide definitions; to provide for related matters; to provide a contingent effective date and automatic repeal; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Floyd County; Board of Elections and Registration; provide for abolition. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to create a board of elections and registration for Floyd County and provide for its powers and duties, approved March 28, 1986 (Ga. L. 1986, p. 5289), as amended, so as to provide for abolition of the board; to authorize the board of commissioners to appoint an interim chief clerk; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Cornelia, City of; Redevelopment Powers Law; provide for referendum. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to authorize the City of Cornelia, Georgia, to exercise all redevelopment and other powers under Article IX, Section II, Paragraph VII(b) of the Georgia Constitution and Chapter 44 of Title 36 of the O.C.G.A., the "Redevelopment Powers Law," as amended; to provide for a referendum; to provide for effective dates; to provide for automatic repeal under certain circumstances; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia enrolled a bill titled: "Georgia Senate Redistricting Act of 2021"; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide for the composition and number of state senatorial districts; to provide for a short title; to provide when members of the Senate elected shall take office; to provide for the continuation of present senatorial districts until a certain time; to provide that the provisions of this Act shall supersede and replace a districting plan and certain changes thereto; to provide for related matters; to provide an effective date; to repeal specific Acts; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia enrolled a bill titled: "Georgia Congressional Redistricting Act"; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide for the composition and number of congressional districts; to provide for a short title; to provide when such representatives shall take office; to provide for continuation of present congressional districts until a certain time; to provide for related matters; to provide an effective date; to repeal a specific Act; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: House convened; notify Senate. Description: A RESOLUTION to notify the Senate that the House of Representatives has convened; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Governor Brian P. Kemp's Executive Order; suspend collection of motor fuel and diesel fuel taxes; ratify. Description: A RESOLUTION ratifying Governor Brian P. Kemp's Executive Order Nos. 05.10.21.02, 05.14.21.01, 05.21.21.01, and 05.28.21.03 suspending the collection of motor fuel and diesel fuel taxes; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Atlanta Braves; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Atlanta Braves; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: James, Representative Lynmore; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Representative Lynmore James; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Moore, Jovita; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Jovita Moore; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Clayton County Parks and Recreation Department; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Clayton County Parks and Recreation Department; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Payne, Doug; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Doug Payne; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: United Stated Armed Forces; 13 members who died during evacuation of the Kabul Airport in Afghanistan; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the 13 members of the United States Armed Forces who died during the evacuation of the Kabul Airport in Afghanistan; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Henriques, Mayor Donnie; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Mayor Donnie Henriques; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hughes, LaSharn; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of LaSharn Hughes; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: STEM Atlanta Women; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending STEM Atlanta Women; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Griswell, James Clifford "Charley"; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of James Clifford "Charley" Griswell; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ahrens, Edward John, III; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Edward John Ahrens III; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Burrows, Jack Stewart; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Jack Stewart Burrows; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Kenworthy, Adam Criswell; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Adam Criswell Kenworthy; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Positive American Youth Day; September 18, 2021; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing September 18, 2021, as Positive American Youth Day; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hoard, Kathy; grand occasion of her 70th birthday; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Kathy Hoard on the grand occasion of her 70th birthday; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Pakistan Resolution Day; March 23, 2021; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 23, 2021, as Pakistan Resolution Day; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Hispanic Construction Association; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Georgia Hispanic Construction Association; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: STEM Atlanta Women; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending STEM Atlanta Women; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lower Muscogee Creek Tribe, the Cherokee of Georgia, and the Georgia Tribe of Eastern Cherokee; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Lower Muscogee Creek Tribe, the Cherokee of Georgia, and the Georgia Tribe of Eastern Cherokee; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Desai, Officer Paramhans; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Officer Paramhans Desai; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Stuckey, Dr. Anthony JaRoy; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Dr. Anthony JaRoy Stuckey; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Howard, Elysea Tyrona; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Elysea Tyrona Howard; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cleland, Mr. Max; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Mr. Max Cleland; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Buist, Ashleigh; Tri-Cities High School's 2021 Professional of the Year; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Ashleigh Buist, Tri-Cities High School's 2021 Professional of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Butler, Mr. Adonis Ross "AD"; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Mr. Adonis Ross "AD" Butler; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Boyd, Emma Jean; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Emma Jean Boyd; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Miller, Phillip; Tri-Cities High School's 2021 Teacher of the Year; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Phillip Miller, Tri-Cities High School's 2021 Teacher of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: National Disability Awareness Month; 76th anniversary; Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990; 31st anniversary; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commemorating the 76th anniversary of National Disability Employment Awareness Month and the 31st anniversary of the enactment of the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Retired Educators Day; November 7, 2021; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing November 7, 2021, as Retired Educators Day; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Crumbley, Kenya and Torrence; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Kenya and Torrence Crumbley; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Pierce, Mayor Pro Tem Tammy; outstanding public service; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Mayor Pro Tem Tammy Pierce on her outstanding public service; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Native American Heritage Month; November 2021; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing November 2021 as Native American Heritage Month; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bodker, Mayor Mike; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Mayor Mike Bodker; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Terry, John Quincy; outstanding service to his community; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending John Quincy Terry on his outstanding service to his community; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lockwood, Mayor Joe; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Mayor Joe Lockwood; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Women Entrepreneurship Day; sixth annual; celebrate. Description: A RESOLUTION celebrating the sixth annual Women Entrepreneurship Day; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: McGhee-McCrary; Debra; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Debra McGhee-McCrary; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Akins, Doyle; long life; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and celebrating the long life of Doyle Akins; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Trott, Mayor Jim; outstanding public service; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Mayor Jim Trott on his outstanding public service; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Thomas, Sam; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Sam Thomas; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Shuman, Beautine Elouise (Law); condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Beautine Elouise (Law) Shuman; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ballard-Washington, Kimberly; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Kimberly Ballard-Washington; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: National Museum of the Mighty Eighth Air Force; 25th anniversary; commemorate. Description: A RESOLUTION commemorating the 25th anniversary of the National Museum of the Mighty Eighth Air Force; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Honore'; Darold Peter, III; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Darold Peter Honore' III; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Matthews-Coaxum, Mrs.; work in public education; acknowledge. Description: A RESOLUTION acknowledging Mrs. Matthews-Coaxum for her work in public education; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jones, Miss Karen P.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Miss Karen P. Jones; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Monroe Bicentennial Celebration Day; November 30, 2021; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing November 30, 2021, as Monroe Bicentennial Celebration Day; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Vietnam era and Vietnam War veterans and their families; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending all Vietnam era and Vietnam War veterans and their families; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Grizzard, Timothy C .; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Timothy C. Grizzard; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Langford, Michael; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Michael Langford; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: African Methodist Episcopal Church 6th District Alzheimer's Awareness Purple Sunday; November 14, 2021; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing November 14, 2021, as African Methodist Episcopal Church 6th District Alzheimer's Awareness Purple Sunday; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Johnson, Colonel Joe Slade, Jr.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Colonel Joe Slade Johnson, Jr.; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Faircloth, Jimmy; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Jimmy Faircloth; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: McConnell, Levis Aldine, L.A., "Buster", Jr.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Levis Aldine, L.A., "Buster" McConnell Jr.; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dorman, Mary Ella; 102 years of age; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring and celebrating the life of Mary Ella Dorman for the grand occasion of reaching 102 years of age; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Robinson, Marlene Pearl; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Marlene Pearl Robinson; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Wright, Gina; Georgia General Assembly Legislative and Congressional Reapportionment Office staff; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Gina Wright and the staff of the Georgia General Assembly Legislative and Congressional Reapportionment Office; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Boggs, Larry B.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Larry B. Boggs; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Republic of China (Taiwan) in the International Criminal Police Organization (INTERPOL); support inclusion. Description: A RESOLUTION supporting the inclusion of the Republic of China (Taiwan) in the International Criminal Police Organization (INTERPOL); and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Trans Day of Remembrance; November 20, 2021; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing November 20, 2021, as Trans Day of Remembrance; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: United Way of Toombs, Montgomery, and Wheeler Counties; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the United Way of Toombs, Montgomery, and Wheeler Counties; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Scouts BSA Troop 29; Benjamin Ackerman, Blythe Kidwell, and Amelia Sharp; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending scouts of Scouts BSA Troop 29, to wit Benjamin Ackerman, Blythe Kidwell, and Amelia Sharp; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jackson, Johnny Denise; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Johnny Denise Jackson; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Martin, Jameria; Toney Elementary School's 2020-2021 Teacher of the Year; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Jameria Martin for being named Toney Elementary School's 2020-2021 Teacher of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Crittenden, Christy; Toney Elementary School's 2019 Teacher of the Year; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Christy Crittenden for being named Toney Elementary School's 2019 Teacher of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Brown, Jennifer; Henry County Schools' 2021 Teacher of the Year; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Jennifer Brown for being named Henry County Schools' 2021 Teacher of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Senate Rules; adopt. Description: A RESOLUTION adopting the Rules of the Georgia Senate for the 2021 special session of the General Assembly of Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Senate Convened; notify House of Representatives. Description: A RESOLUTION to notify the House of Representatives that the Senate has convened; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: General Assembly Convened; notify the Governor. Description: A RESOLUTION to notify the Governor that the General Assembly has convened; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Atlanta Braves; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Atlanta Braves; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Governor Brian P. Kemp's Executive Order; suspending the collection of motor fuel and diesel fuel taxes; ratify. Description: A RESOLUTION ratifying Governor Brian P. Kemp's Executive Order Nos. 05.10.21.02, 05.14.21.01, 05.21.21.01, and 05.28.21.03 suspending the collection of motor fuel and diesel fuel taxes; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: James, Representative Lynmore; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Representative Lynmore James; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: The Atlanta Braves; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Atlanta Braves; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Moore, Jovita; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Jovita Moore; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Diwali; celebrate. Description: A RESOLUTION celebrating Diwali; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hemmerly, Scott William; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Scott William Hemmerly; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bodker, Mayor Mike; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Mayor Mike Bodker; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Knowles, Marjorie Fine; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Marjorie Fine Knowles; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Montgomery, Renee; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Renee Montgomery; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Katz, Ira; honoring. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring Ira Katz; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bleckley County High School; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Bleckley County High School; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Benton, Robin; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Robin Benton on her outstanding public service; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Tolleson Jr., Senator Thorborn "Ross"; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Senator Thorborn "Ross" Tolleson Jr.; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lockwood, Mayor Joe; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Mayor Joe Lockwood; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lower Muscogee Creek Tribe, the Cherokee of Georgia, and the Georgia Tribe of Eastern Cherokee; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Lower Muscogee Creek Tribe, the Cherokee of Georgia, and the Georgia Tribe of Eastern Cherokee; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Caldwell Jr., John F.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and legacy of John F. Caldwell Jr.; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Henriques, Mayor Donnie; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Mayor Donnie Henriques; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Atlanta Braves; honoring. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the Atlanta Braves; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Womack, Chris; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Chris Womack; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Beville, Betty; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Betty Beville on her outstanding public service; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Royale Cafe; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Royal Cafe; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Buchanan, Edgar; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Edgar Buchanan; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bussey, Mary Lee Hall; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Mary Lee Hall Bussey; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: McGill, Bishop Marshall S.; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Bishop Marshall S. McGill; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Crocker Jr., Reverend Dr. Curtis; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Reverend Dr. Curtis Crocker Jr.; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Malone, Dr. Thomas M.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Dr. Thomas M. Malone; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Alford, Pastor Bruce O.; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Pastor Bruce O. Alford; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lang, Sarah; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Sarah Lang; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: DuBose, Minister Edward O.; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Minister Edward O. DuBose; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Flakes III, Reverend Dr. Johnny H.; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Reverend Dr. Johnny H. Flakes III; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Huling, Reverend Dr. Ralph W.; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Reverend Dr. Ralph W. Huling; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Willis, Michelle Taylor; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Michelle Taylor Willis; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Fleck, Judith; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Judith Fleck; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Russell, Lena Ledbetter; celebrate the birth. Description: A RESOLUTION celebrating the birth of Lena Ledbetter Russell; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Griswell, James Clifford "Charley"; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of James Clifford "Charley" Griswell; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hughes, LaSharn; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of LaSharn Hughes; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ballard, Brian; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Brian Ballard; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bert Adams Scout Camp; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Bert Adams Scout Camp upon the occasion of its 61st anniversary in Covington, Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Kaiser, Eric; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Eric Kaiser; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Mack II Inc.; commemorating the 50th anniversary. Description: A RESOLUTION commemorating the 50th anniversary of Mack Wilbourn establishing Mack II Inc. and recognizing his avid investment in the Atlanta business and nonprofit community; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Gebbia Sr., Joseph; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the service and accomplishments of Joseph Gebbia Sr., councilman and mayor pro tem of the City of Brookhaven, upon his retirement from the council; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Stansell, Larry; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Larry Stansell; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Smith, Pete; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Pete Smith; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Adjournment; relative to. Description: A RESOLUTION relative to meetings and adjournments of the General Assembly; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Tippins, Laura Jane Taylor; celebrate the birth. Description: A RESOLUTION celebrating the birth of Laura Jane Taylor Tippins; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Boyd, Emma Jean; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Emma Jean Boyd; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dhanani, Aziz; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Aziz Dhanani; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: City of Helen; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the City of Helen; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Marshall, Deputy Lena; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Deputy Lena Marshall; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: PMB Broadcasting LLC; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending PMB Broadcasting LLC.; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Youth Legislative Assembly Day; recognize November 30, 2021. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing November 30, 2021, as Youth Legislative Assembly Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Glaize, LaMarcus Kwame; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of LaMarcus Kwame Glaize; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Harbison, Dr. Kamesha; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dr. Kamesha Harbison; and for other purposes.
In 2021, Georgia passed a bill titled: Langford, Michael; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Michael Langford; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: House convened; notify Senate. Description: A RESOLUTION to notify the Senate that the House of Representatives has convened; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Adjournment; relative to. Description: A RESOLUTION relative to meetings and adjournments of the General Assembly; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Governor Brian P. Kemp's Executive Order; public health state of emergency; concur. Description: A RESOLUTION concurring with Governor Brian P. Kemp's Executive Order No. 03.14.20.01 declaring a public health state of emergency; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Governor Brian P. Kemp's Executive Order; public health state of emergency; concur. Description: A RESOLUTION concurring with Governor Brian P. Kemp's Executive Order No. 03.14.20.01 declaring a public health state of emergency; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Senate Rules; adopt. Description: A RESOLUTION adopting the Rules of the Senate for the 2020 Special Session of the General Assembly of Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Senate Convened; notify House of Representatives. Description: A RESOLUTION to notify the House of Representatives that the Senate has convened; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: General Assembly Convened; notify Governor. Description: A RESOLUTION to notify the Governor that the General Assembly has convened; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Governor Brian P. Kemp's Executive Order; declaring a public health state of emergency; concur. Description: A RESOLUTION concurring with Governor Brian P. Kemp's Executive Order No. 03.14.20.01 declaring a public health state of emergency; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Gainesville High School; 125th graduating class; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION saluting the 125th graduating class of Gainesville High School; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Quality Basic Education Act; post sign containing telephone number to receive reports of child abuse; require every public school. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Part 15 of Article 6 of Chapter 2 of Title 20 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to miscellaneous provisions under the "Quality Basic Education Act," so as to require every public school to post a sign containing the toll-free telephone number operated by the Division of Family and Children Services of the Department of Human Services to receive reports of child abuse or neglect; to provide for rules and regulations; to provide that no cause of action is created; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Insurance; provide for modernization and updates. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 33 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to insurance, so as to provide for modernization and updates; to amend various provisions for purposes of conformity; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Gwinnett Judicial Circuit; additional judge of the superior court; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 15-6-2 of the O.C.G.A., relating to the number of judges of superior courts, so as to provide for an additional judge of the superior courts of the Gwinnett Judicial Circuit; to provide for related matters; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Public utilities and public transportation; electric membership corporations and their affiliates to provide broadband services; specifically authorize. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 46 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to public utilities and public transportation, so as to specifically authorize electric membership corporations and their affiliates to provide broadband services; to provide for definitions; to authorize certain financing and partnerships for the provision of broadband services; to prohibit cross-subsidization between the provision of broadband services and an electric membership corporation's natural gas activities or electricity services activities; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Contracts; provide military service members civil relief concerning certain contractual obligations due to circumstances of active duty. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 5 of Chapter 4 of Title 10 and Chapter 1 of Title 13 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to self-service storage facilities and general provisions regarding contracts, respectively, so as to provide military service members civil relief concerning certain contractual obligations due to circumstances of active duty; to update a cross-reference; to provide for definitions; to enhance service member consumer protections under the law to include certain television, video, and audio programming services, internet access services, and health spa services; to provide for conditions; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Psychology Interjurisdictional Compact; enter into an interstate compact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 39 of Title 43 of the O.C.G.A., relating to psychologists, so as to enter into an interstate compact known as the "Psychology Interjurisdictional Compact"; to authorize the State Board of Examiners of Psychologists to administer the compact in this state; to revise provisions relating to exceptions to licensure; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Griffin Judicial Circuit; additional judge of the superior court; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 15-6-2 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the number of judges of superior courts, so as to provide for an additional judge of the superior courts of the Griffin Judicial Circuit; to provide for the appointment of such additional judge by the Governor; to provide for the election of successors to the judge initially appointed; to prescribe the powers of such judges; to prescribe the compensation, salary, and expense allowance of such judges to be paid by the State of Georgia and the counties included in such circuit; to declare inherent authority; to provide for related matters; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Skidaway Island, City of; compliance with constitutional requirements; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to incorporate the City of Skidaway Island, approved May 7, 2018 (Ga. L. 2018, p. 3784); to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to provide an effective date; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Supplemental appropriations; State Fiscal Year July 1, 2018 - June 30, 2019. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act making and providing appropriations for the State Fiscal Year beginning July 1, 2018, and ending June 30, 2019, known as the "General Appropriations Act," Act No. 1EX, approved November 17, 2018, so as to make, provide, and change certain appropriations for the operation of the State government and its departments, boards, bureaus, commissions, institutions, and other agencies, for the university system, common schools, counties, municipalities, and political subdivisions, for all other governmental activities, projects, and undertakings authorized by law, and for all leases, contracts, agreements, and grants authorized by law; to provide for the control and administration of funds; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: General appropriations; State Fiscal Year July 1, 2019 - June 30, 2020. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to make and provide appropriations for the State Fiscal Year beginning July 1, 2019, and ending June 30, 2020; to make and provide such appropriations for the operation of the State government and its departments, boards, bureaus, commissions, institutions, and other agencies, for the university system, common schools, counties, municipalities, and political subdivisions, for all other governmental activities, projects, and undertakings authorized by law, and for all leases, contracts, agreements, and grants authorized by law; to provide for the control and administration of funds; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Weapons carry license; extension of time for the renewal of a license for certain service members serving on active duty outside of the state; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 16-11-129 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to weapons carry license, gun safety information, temporary renewal permit, mandamus, and verification of license, so as to provide for an extension of time for the renewal of a weapons carry license or renewal license for certain service members serving on active duty outside the state; to provide for a definition; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Sales and use tax; certain poultry diagnostic and disease monitoring services; create exemption. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 8 of Title 48 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to sales and use taxes, so as to create an exemption from state sales and use tax for certain poultry diagnostic and disease monitoring services; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Physical Therapy Licensure Compact Act; enter into an interstate compact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 33 of Title 43 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to physical therapists, so as to revise licensing provisions; to enter into an interstate compact known as the "Physical Therapy Licensure Compact Act"; to authorize the State Board of Physical Therapy to administer the compact in this state; to provide definitions; to provide for criminal history records checks for licensing purposes; to provide for conditions; to provide for eligibility; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Newton County; dissolve Recreation Commission; authorize. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to authorize Newton County to dissolve the Newton County Recreation Commission; to provide for related matters; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lincoln County; office of elected county surveyor; abolish. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to abolish the office of elected county surveyor of Lincoln County; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Quitman County Water and Sewerage Authority; change number of members serving on authority. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating the Quitman County Water and Sewerage Authority, approved March 27, 1998 (Ga. L. 1998, p. 3702), so as to change the number of members serving on the authority; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Clay County; judge of Probate Court shall also serve as magistrate of the Magistrate Court; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating a Small Claims Court in Clay County, approved March 18, 1980 (Ga. L. 1980, p. 3545), so as to provide that the judge of the Probate Court of Clay County shall also serve as the magistrate of the Magistrate Court of Clay County on or after January 1, 2021, or upon vacancy of the office of the magistrate, whichever occurs first; to provide for the continuation in office and expiration of term of the current magistrate; to provide for the compensation of such judge for service as magistrate; to provide for nonpartisan elections to the combined position of probate judge and chief magistrate; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Fitzgerald, City of; levy an excise tax. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act authorizing the governing authority of the City of Fitzgerald to levy an excise tax pursuant to subsection (b) of Code Section 48-13-51 of the O.C.G.A., approved May 8, 2018 (Ga. L. 2018, p. 4068), so as to align said Act with the provisions of general law and City of Fitzgerald's resolution related to the expenditure of funds from the levy of an excise tax on lodging; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: State highway system; alternative fueled vehicles; provide logo for manufacturer's license plates to allow travel in exclusive lanes. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Sections 32-9-4 and 40-2-38 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to designation of travel lanes by the Department of Transportation and use of such lanes and registration of vehicles by manufacturers, distributors, and dealers, dealer plates, and manufacturer headquarters plates, respectively, so as to provide for a distinctive logo or emblem for manufacturer's, distributor's, or manufacturer headquarters' license plates to be placed upon alternative fueled vehicles to allow travel in exclusive or preferential use lanes of the state highway system; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Education; military students enroll in public school based on official military orders prior to physically establishing residency; allow. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 20-2-150 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to eligibility for enrollment in elementary and secondary educational programs, so as to allow military students to enroll in a public school based on official military orders prior to physically establishing residency; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Association of Broadcasters (GAB); recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and honoring the Georgia Association of Broadcasters (GAB); and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Margie's Law; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 1 of Chapter 1 of Title 31 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to general provisions relating to health, so as to require certain notice in a mammogram report to patients with dense breast tissue; to provide for definitions; to provide for a short title; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Insurance; health benefit plans to establish step therapy protocols; require. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 24 of Title 33 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to insurance generally, so as to require health benefit plans to establish step therapy protocols; to provide for a step therapy exception process; to provide for definitions; to provide for statutory construction; to provide for applicability; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Protecting Military Children Act; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 1 of Chapter 7 of Title 19 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to parent and child relationship general provisions, so as to require child welfare agencies to make efforts to determine whether a parent or guardian of a child who is the subject of abuse allegations is on active duty in the military; to require certain notifications to military installation family advocacy programs; to provide for the reporting of child abuse to military law enforcement in certain situations; to provide for immunity for the reporting of child abuse to military law enforcement; to provide for a short title; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Education; prohibit certain entities from being student scholarship organizations. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 2A of Title 20 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to student scholarship organizations, so as to prohibit certain entities from being student scholarship organizations; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Guardian and ward; guardian and conservators of minors and adults; revise provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 29 of the O.C.G.A., relating to guardian and ward, so as to revise provisions relating to guardians and conservators of minors and adults; to amend various provisions of the O.C.G.A., so as to make conforming revisions; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Alcoholic beverages; counties and municipalities may regulate alcohol licenses as to certain distances in a manner that is less but not more restrictive than those distances specified by the state; provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 3 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to alcoholic beverages, so as to specify that counties and municipalities may regulate alcohol licenses as to certain distances in a manner that is less but not more restrictive than those distances specified by the state; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Blind persons; child custody matters; provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 4 of Title 30 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to rights of persons with disabilities, so as to provide that blind persons shall not be discriminated against by the courts, Department of Human Services, or a child-placing agency in matters relating to child custody, guardianship, foster care, visitation, placement, or adoption; to provide for definitions; to provide for rules and regulations; to provide for legislative findings and a purpose; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Sales and use tax; organ procurement organizations; exempt sales. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 48-8-3 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to exemptions from sales and use tax, so as to exempt sales to organ procurement organizations from sales and use tax; to provide for an annual report; to provide for related matters; to provide for applicability; to provide for automatic repeal; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Education; complaints policy for teachers and other school personnel; provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Part 11 of Article 17 of Chapter 2 of Title 20 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to complaints policy for teachers and other school personnel, so as to provide that performance ratings contained in personnel evaluations are subject to complaint for teachers who accepted a school year contract for the fourth or subsequent consecutive school year; to provide for appeals hearings to be conducted by independent third parties; to require local units of administration to submit copies of their complaint policies to the Department of Education; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Blessed Trinity Catholic High School Titans; winning the 2018 Class AAAA GHSA State Football Championship; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Blessed Trinity Catholic High School Titans for winning the 2018 Class AAAA GHSA State Football Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hospitals and health care facilities; Federal Bureau of Investigation to retain fingerprints when an agency or entity is participating in the Georgia Bureau of Investigation's program; allow. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 7 of Title 31 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to regulation and construction of hospitals and other health care facilities, so as to allow the Georgia Bureau of Investigation and, as authorized, the Federal Bureau of Investigation to retain fingerprints when an agency or entity is participating in the Georgia Bureau of Investigation's program; to provide for an effective date; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Municipal Courts Training Council; training hours completed by a municipal court judge in excess of those required may carry over to the following year; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 2 of Chapter 32 of Title 36 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the Georgia Municipal Courts Training Council, so as to provide that training hours completed by a municipal court judge in excess of those required may carry over to the following year; to provide for limitations; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Water pollution and surface-water use; notice to local governing authorities prior to the dewatering of coal combustion residual surface impoundments; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 2 of Chapter 5 of Title 12 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to control of water pollution and surface-water use, so as to provide notice to local governing authorities prior to the dewatering of coal combustion residual surface impoundments; to provide for minimum notice requirements to the public of such dewatering; to provide for definitions; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jenkins County; appointment of deputy magistrates; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to make provisions for the Magistrate Court of Jenkins County, approved March 12, 1984 (Ga. L. 1984, p. 4111), so as to provide for the appointment of deputy magistrates; to provide for such appointment to be made by the county governing authority; to provide that the chief magistrate and deputy magistrates shall serve at the pleasure of the governing authority; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Candler County; Board of Education; modify compensation of members. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to reconstitute the Board of Education of Candler County, approved January 15, 1993 (Ga. L. 1993, p. 3529), as amended, so as to modify the compensation of the members of the Board of Education of Candler County; to provide for related matters; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Swainsboro, City of; corporate limits; change provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act incorporating the City of Swainsboro, approved December 6, 1900 (Ga. L. 1900, p. 427), as amended, particularly by an Act approved March 25, 1996 (Ga. L. 1996, p. 3699), so as to change provisions relating to the corporate limits of the city; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Peachtree City Little League team; placing fourth in the 2018 Little League World Series; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Peachtree City Little League team for placing fourth in the 2018 Little League World Series; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ad valorem tax; all-terrain vehicles; revise definitions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 40 and Code Section 48-5-504.40 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to motor vehicles and watercraft and all-terrain vehicles held in inventory for resale exempt from ad valorem taxation for limited period of time, respectively, so as to revise definitions relative to all-terrain vehicles; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Income tax; certain income received by taxpayers as payments from a disaster relief or assistance program administered by the United States Department of Agriculture in connection with Hurricane Michael; exempt. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 2 of Chapter 7 of Title 48 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the imposition, rate, computation, and exemptions from state income tax, so as to exempt from state income tax certain income received by taxpayers as payments from a disaster relief or assistance program administered by the United States Department of Agriculture in connection with Hurricane Michael; to provide for legislative findings; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Clayton County; State Court; provide rotation of office of chief judge. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating the State Court of Clayton County, approved January 28, 1964 (Ga. L. 1964, p. 2032), as amended, particularly by an Act approved April 11, 1979 (Ga. L. 1979, p. 3838) and by an Act approved April 16, 1999 (Ga. L. 1999, p. 4665), so as to provide for rotation of the office of chief judge among the judges of said court; to provide for refusal to serve as chief judge; to provide for filling of vacancies in the office of chief judge; to provide for transaction of court business; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Halstead, Officer Roger; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Officer Roger Halstead; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Crimes and offenses; transmitting a false alarm; revise offense. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 2 of Chapter 10 of Title 16 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to obstruction of public administration and related offenses, so as to revise the offense of transmitting a false alarm; to provide for the offense of making an unlawful request for emergency service assistance; to provide for definitions; to provide for criminal penalties; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bell-Forsyth Judicial Circuit; Superior Court judges; increase salary supplement. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing a salary supplement for each judge of the Superior Court of the Bell-Forsyth Judicial Circuit, approved April 19, 2006 (Ga. L. 2006, p. 3680), so as to increase the amount of such supplement; to provide for related matters; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: South Fulton, City of; change corporate boundaries. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to incorporate the City of South Fulton in Fulton County, Georgia, approved April 26, 2016 (Ga. L. 2016, p. 3726), so as to change the corporate boundaries of the municipality; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Centralhatchee, Town of; provide for a municipal court. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to reincorporate the Town of Centralhatchee in the County of Heard and the State of Georgia, approved March 21, 1974 (Ga. L. 1974, p. 2347), as amended, so as to provide for a municipal court; to provide for the judges and staff of such court; to provide for powers, duties, and responsibilities of such judges; to provide for procedures and rules of the court; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bowdon, City of; provide for a municipal court. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to reincorporate the City of Bowdon in the County of Carroll, approved April 17, 1973 (Ga. L. 1973, p. 3654), as amended, so as to provide for a municipal court; to provide for the judges and staff of such court; to provide for powers, duties, and responsibilities of such judges; to provide for procedures and rules of the court; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Echols County; Probate Court; extend time for collecting technology fee. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to authorize the assessment and collection of a technology fee by the Probate Court of Echols County, approved April 27, 2016 (Ga. L. 2016, p. 3845), so as to extend the time for collecting such fee; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Insurance; insurers do not have to notify the Georgia Composite Medical Board of agreements to settle medical malpractice claims against physicians when the settlement resulted in the low payment under a high/low agreement; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 3 of Title 33 of the O.C.G.A., relating to authorization and general requirements for transaction of insurance, so as to provide that insurers do not have to notify the Georgia Composite Medical Board of agreements to settle medical malpractice claims against physicians when the settlement resulted in the low payment under a high/low agreement; to amend Code Section 43-34-8 of the O.C.G.A., relating to the authority of the Georgia Composite Medical Board to refuse license, certificate, or permit or issue discipline; to amend Code Section 43-34A-3 of the O.C.G.A., relating to physician profiles; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: State Board of Education; authorize the Georgia Foundation for Public Education to establish a nonprofit corporation to qualify as a public foundation; authorize. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 1 of Chapter 2 of Title 20 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the State Board of Education, so as to authorize the Georgia Foundation for Public Education to establish a nonprofit corporation to qualify as a public foundation; to provide for conditions; to provide for an annual report; to provide for a definition; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Income tax; permit affiliated entities to apply certain transferable tax credits against payroll withholding. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 2 of Chapter 7 of Title 48 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the imposition, rate, and computation and exemptions from state income taxes, so as to permit affiliated entities to apply certain transferable tax credits against payroll withholding; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date and applicability; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: County law libraries; repeal a population provision regarding the disposition of law library funds in certain counties. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 15 of Title 36 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to county law libraries, so as to repeal a population provision regarding the disposition of law library funds in certain counties; to provide for related matters; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Medical assistance; Medicaid recipients have the same access to antiretroviral regimens used to treat HIV and AIDS as to those included in the formulary established for the Georgia AIDS Drugs Assistance Programs; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 7 of Chapter 4 of Title 49 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to medical assistance generally, so as to provide that Medicaid recipients have the same access to antiretroviral regimens used to treat HIV and AIDS as to those included in the formulary established for the Georgia AIDS Drug Assistance Program; to prohibit utilization management tools for such regimens; to provide for submission of a state plan waiver if necessary; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Molena, City of; provide for four-year terms of office for mayor and councilmembers. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to amend, consolidate and supersede the several Acts of the General Assembly of the State of Georgia pertaining to the City of Molena in the County of Pike (Ga. L. 1982, p. 4935), as amended, so as to provide for four-year terms of office for the mayor and councilmembers; to provide initial terms of office for the mayor and councilmembers elected in 2019 and 2020; to provide for related matters; to provide for the continuation of terms of office in effect at the time of adoption; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Community Health, Department of; pilot program to provide coverage for bariatric surgical procedures; reinstate. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 2 of Title 31 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the Department of Community Health, so as to reinstate a pilot program to provide coverage for bariatric surgical procedures for the treatment and management of obesity and related conditions under the state health insurance plan; to provide for definitions; to provide for eligibility, requirements, and evaluation report for the four-year pilot program; to provide for automatic repeal; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jackson County; board of elections and registration; provide composition. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to create a board of elections and registration for Jackson County, approved April 20, 2011 (Ga. L. 2011, p. 3673), so as to provide for the composition of the board of elections and registration; to provide for the selection and qualifications of members of the board; to provide for filling vacancies on the board; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Commerce, City of; independent school district ad valorem tax; change net income limitation. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing a homestead exemption from City of Commerce independent school district ad valorem taxes for educational purposes in the amount of $10,000.00 of the assessed value of the homestead for certain residents of that school district who are 62 years of age or over and an additional homestead exemption in the amount of $20,000.00 of the assessed value of the homestead for certain residents of that school district who are 65 years of age or over and whose net income, excluding certain retirement income, does not exceed $18,000.00, approved April 25, 2002 (Ga. L. 2002, p. 4349), as amended, so as to change the net income limitation for receiving such exemptions from $18,000.00 to $25,000.00, not including certain retirement income; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jefferson, City of; independent school district ad valorem tax; change net income limitation. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing a homestead exemption from City of Jefferson independent school district ad valorem taxes for educational purposes in the amount of $10,000.00 of the assessed value of the homestead for certain residents of that school district who are 62 years of age or over and an additional homestead exemption in the amount of $20,000.00 of the assessed value of the homestead for certain residents of that school district who are 65 years of age or over and whose net income, excluding certain retirement income, does not exceed $18,000.00, approved April 25, 2002 (Ga. L. 2002, p. 4353), as amended, so as to change the net income limitation for receiving such exemptions from $18,000.00 to $25,000.00, not including certain retirement income; to provide for a referendum, effective dates, and automatic repeal; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jackson County; school district ad valorem tax; change net income limitation. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing a homestead exemption from Jackson County School District ad valorem taxes for educational purposes in the amount of $10,000.00 of the assessed value of the homestead for certain residents of that school district who are senior citizens who have annual earned family incomes not exceeding $18,000.00, approved March 24, 1994 (Ga. L. 1994, p. 3758), as amended, so as to change the net income limitation for receiving such exemptions from $18,000.00 to $25,000.00, not including certain retirement income; to provide for a referendum, effective dates, and automatic repeal; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Genetic Counselors Act; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 34 of Title 43 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to physicians, assistants, and others, so as to provide for the licensure of genetic counselors; to provide for continuing education requirements; to provide a short title; to provide for definitions; to provide for licensure requirements; to provide for renewal requirements; to provide for the duties and powers of the Georgia Composite Medical Board with respect to genetic counselors; to provide for applicability; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Insurance; employees of licensed property and casualty insurers to adjust residential property insurance claims of $1,000.00 or less without obtaining an adjuster license; allow. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 33-23-29 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to authority of agent to act as adjuster, nonresident adjusters, and reciprocal agreements, so as to allow employees of licensed property and casualty insurers to adjust residential property insurance claims of $1,000.00 or less without obtaining an adjuster license; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Sales and use tax; tangible personal property to certain non-profit health centers; extend exemption for five additional years. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 48-8-3 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to exemptions from sales and use tax, so as to extend an exemption from sales and use tax for five additional years regarding the sale or use of tangible personal property to certain nonprofit health centers; to extend an exemption for five additional years with respect to certain nonprofit volunteer health clinics; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Motor vehicles; use of mounts on windshields for the support of wireless telecommunications devices and stand-alone electronic devices under certain circumstances; allow. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Part 4 of Article 1 of Chapter 8 of Title 40 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to horns, exhaust systems, mirrors, windshields, tires, safety belts, and energy absorption systems of motor vehicles, so as to allow for the use of mounts on windshields of motor vehicles for the support of wireless telecommunications devices and stand-alone electronic devices under certain circumstances; to provide for an exception; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Sales and use tax; lower threshold amount for certain dealers. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 1 of Chapter 8 of Title 48 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to state sales and use tax, so as to lower the threshold amount for certain dealers; to eliminate an option for certain retailers to choose to either collect and remit sales and use taxes or provide certain notifications to certain purchasers and the state; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date and applicability; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ad valorem tax; right to appeal for any taxpayer that fails to file a property tax return or whose property tax return was deemed returned; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 5 of Title 48 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to ad valorem taxation of property, so as to provide for a right to appeal for any taxpayer that fails to file a property tax return or whose property tax return was deemed returned; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Streamlining Wireless Facilities and Antennas Act; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 36 of the O.C.G.A., relating to local government, so as to enact the "Streamlining Wireless Facilities and Antennas Act"; to streamline the deployment of wireless broadband in the public rights of way; to address any perceived conflicts between this Act and Chapter 66B of Title 36; to provide that nothing in this Act relieves any person of any duties provided for in Chapter 9 of Title 25; to provide for related matters; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Financial institutions; change certain definitions; provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 1 of Title 7 of the O.C.G.A., relating to financial institutions, so as to change certain definitions; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Health; sale or lease of a hospital by a hospital authority; revise provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 4 of Chapter 7 of Title 31 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to county and municipal hospital authorities, so as to revise provisions relating to the sale or lease of a hospital by a hospital authority; to provide for conflicting interest transactions; to provide for the investment of funds by certain hospital authorities; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Professions and businesses; real estate management companies; change certain provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 39A of Title 43 of the O.C.G.A., relating to real estate appraisers, so as to change certain provisions relating to real estate management companies; to revise and provide for definitions; to provide requirements for the establishment and maintenance of a real estate appraisal management company; to authorize the Georgia Real Estate Appraisers Board to establish certain rules and regulations for appraisal management companies and to collect and remit certain fees; to authorize the board to take disciplinary action against appraisal management companies; to revise certain requirements relating to the board's authority to investigate certain violations; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Banking and finance; banks and credit unions to offer savings promotion raffle accounts in which deposits to a savings account enter a depositor in a raffle; allow. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 1 of Chapter 1 of Title 7 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to provisions applicable to the Department of Banking and Finance and financial institutions generally, so as to allow banks and credit unions to offer savings promotion raffle accounts in which deposits to a savings account enter a depositor in a raffle; to provide for definitions; to amend Code Section 16-12-20 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to definitions relative to gambling and related offenses, so as to provide for an exception to the definition of "lottery"; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Meigs, City of; provide new charter. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide a new charter for the City of Meigs in Thomas County, Georgia, and Mitchell County, Georgia; to provide for other matters relative to the foregoing; to repeal a specific Act; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Firefighters' Pension Fund; increase benefit amount payable to beneficiaries after the member's death. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 6 of Chapter 7 of Title 47 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to retirement, retirement allowances, disability benefits, and death benefits relative to the Georgia Firefighters' Pension Fund, so as to increase the benefit amount payable to beneficiaries after the member's death; to provide for related matters; to provide conditions for an effective date and automatic repeal; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Retirement and pensions; each public retirement system trustee to complete appropriate education applicable to his or her fiduciary duties; require. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 1 of Chapter 1 of Title 47 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to general provisions relative to retirement and pensions, so as to require each public retirement system trustee to complete appropriate education applicable to his or her fiduciary duties and obligations under the public retirement system; to provide for definitions; to provide for removal of trustees who fail to obtain such education; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Office of Planning and Budget; provide for the establishment of the Strategic Integrated Data System. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 4 of Chapter 12 of Title 45 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the Office of Planning and Budget, so as to provide for the establishment of the Strategic Integrated Data System; to provide for definitions; to establish a governing board and provide for its membership and terms; to provide for oversight of the operation of the project by the governing board; to provide for data submission from state agencies and departments; to provide for reporting; to provide for funding; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Board of Natural Resources; promulgate rules and regulations regarding anchoring certain vessels within estuarine areas; authorize. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 52 of the O.C.G.A., relating to waters of the state, ports, and watercraft; to authorize the Board of Natural Resources to promulgate rules and regulations regarding anchoring certain vessels within estuarine areas of the state; to authorize the Department of Natural Resources to establish anchorage areas; to amend Part 4 of Article 4 of Chapter 5 of Title 12 of the O.C.G.A., relating to coastal marshlands, so as to conform certain provisions; to provide for an effective date; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Juvenile Code; procedures concerning removal considerations; revise. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 11 of Title 15 of the O.C.G.A., relating to general provisions of the Juvenile Code, so as to revise procedures concerning removal considerations; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Local government; contracts for utility services; change the terms. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 36 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to local government, so as to change the terms for contracts for utility services; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Banking and finance; retail brokers of manufactured homes or mobile homes and residential contractors from the requirement to obtain a license as a mortgage loan originator, broker, or lender under certain circumstances; exempt. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 13 of Chapter 1 of Title 7 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to licensing of mortgage lenders and mortgage brokers, so as to exempt retailers, retail brokers of manufactured homes or mobile homes, and residential contractors from the requirement to obtain a license as a mortgage loan originator, mortgage broker, or mortgage lender under certain circumstances; to provide for definitions; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Hemp Farming Act; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 2 of the O.C.G.A., relating to agriculture, so as to enact the "Georgia Hemp Farming Act"; to provide for unlawfulness of certain acts; to authorize certain academic research of hemp; to provide for licensing and permit requirements for hemp growers and hemp processors, respectively; to provide for the Department of Agriculture to enter into agreements regarding such testing and other matters;to amend Part 1 of Article 2 of Chapter 13 of Title 16 of the O.C.G.A., relating to schedules, offenses, and penalties regarding regulation of controlled substances, so as to revise the definition of the term "marijuana"; to provide an exception to the scheduling of tetrahydrocannabinol and tetrahydrocannabinolic acid as controlled substances; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Special license plates; Georgia Tennis Foundation; establish. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 40-2-86 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to special license plates promoting and supporting certain worthy agencies, funds, or nonprofit corporations with proceeds disbursed to the general fund and the agency, fund, or nonprofit corporation, so as to establish a specialty license plate for members of the Georgia Tennis Foundation; to provide for related matters; to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Crimes and offenses; employees and agents of syringe services programs are not subject to certain offenses relating to hypodermic syringes and needles; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 16-13-32 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to transactions in drug related objects, so as to provide that employees and agents of syringe services programs are not subject to certain offenses relating to hypodermic syringes and needles; to authorize the Department of Public Health to promulgate rules and regulations; to provide for a definition; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Education; eligibility requirements to receive the HOPE Scholarship as a Zell Miller Scholarship Scholar; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Part 7 of Article 7 of Chapter 3 of Title 20 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to HOPE scholarships and grants, so as to provide for eligibility requirements to receive the HOPE scholarship as a Zell Miller Scholarship Scholar relative to students who graduated from an ineligible high school or a home study program; to extend the period during which a student may receive a HOPE scholarship; to provide for requirements for continued eligibility for certain students; to provide for related matters; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Solid waste management; certain solid waste disposal surcharges; extend sunset date. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Part 1 of Article 2 of Chapter 8 of Title 12 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to general provisions regarding solid waste management, so as to extend the sunset date for certain solid waste disposal surcharges; to provide for the extension of the sunset date for certain tire disposal fees; to amend Part 2 of Article 3 of Chapter 8 of Title 12 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to hazardous site response, so as to provide for the extension of the sunset date for certain hazardous waste management fees and hazardous substance reporting fees; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Geo. L. Smith II Georgia World Congress Center; limit on indebtedness; increase. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 3 of Chapter 9 of Title 10 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to revenue bonds for the Geo. L. Smith II Georgia World Congress Center, so as to increase the limit on indebtedness; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Williams, Chief Jimmy; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Chief Jimmy Williams; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Conservation and natural resources; provide for an exception to notification of spills or releases; provide for definitions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 14 of Title 12 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to oil or hazardous material spills or releases, so as to provide for definitions; to provide for an exception to notification of spills or releases; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Income tax; credit for new purchases and acquisitions of qualified investment property shall be earnable for mining and mining facilities and allowed against a taxpayer's payroll withholding; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 2 of Chapter 7 of Title 48 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to imposition, rate, computation, and exemptions from state income tax, so as to provide that credit for new purchases and acquisitions of qualified investment property shall be earnable for mining and mining facilities and allowed against a taxpayer's payroll withholding; to provide that certain previously claimed and unused tax credits earned by taxpayers may be applied against such taxpayers' payroll withholding under certain conditions; to provide for conditions and limitations; to provide for applications and proration; to revise definitions; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date and application; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Motor vehicles; reference date to federal regulations regarding the safe operation of commercial motor vehicles and carriers; update. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 40-1-8 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to safe operations of motor carriers, commercial motor vehicles, and drivers, safe transportation of hazardous materials, and penalties, so as to update the reference date to federal regulations regarding the safe operation of motor carriers and commercial motor vehicles; to revise a definition; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Courts; additional penalty for violation of traffic laws or ordinances under Joshua's Law; extend sunset. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 15-21-179 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to additional penalty for violation of traffic laws or ordinances, so as to extend the sunset of the additional penalty for violation of traffic laws or ordinances under "Joshua's Law"; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Insurance; discrimination against victims of family violence to include victims of sexual assault; expand prohibitions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 33-6-4 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to enumeration of unfair methods of competition and unfair or deceptive acts or practices regarding insurance, so as to expand prohibitions on discrimination against victims of family violence to include victims of sexual assault; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Marriage; change minimum age from 16 to 17 and require any person who is 17 to have been emancipated. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 3 of Title 19 of the O.C.G.A., relating to marriage generally, so as to change the minimum age of marriage of a child from 16 to 17 years of age and to require any person who is 17 years of age to have been emancipated; to amend Chapter 9 of Title 19 of the O.C.G.A., relating to child custody proceedings, so as to correct a cross-reference; to amend Article 10 of Chapter 11 of Title 15 of the O.C.G.A., relating to emancipation, so as to provide for requirements for filing a petition for emancipation for petitioners who desire to enter into a marriage; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Business corporations; provide for benefit corporations. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 2 of Title 14 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to business corporations, so as to provide for benefit corporations; to provide for the application of the Georgia Business Corporation Code; to provide for definitions; to provide for naming; to provide for stock certificates; to provide for amendments and transactions; to provide for duties and limitations of liability of directors of benefit corporations; to provide for annual public benefit reports; to change the definition of a foreign corporation; to change provisions relating to the right to dissent; to change provisions relating to the corporate name of a foreign corporation; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Pharmacy Anti-Steering and Transparency Act; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 6 of Chapter 4 of Title 26 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to pharmacies, so as to enact the "Pharmacy Anti-Steering and Transparency Act"; to provide for legislative findings; to provide for definitions; to prohibit pharmacies from engaging in certain practices; to require pharmacies to file an annual disclosure statement; to provide for violations; to provide for limited liability; to provide for statutory construction; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Anti-Human Trafficking Protective Response Act; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Titles 9, 15, 16, 17, and 41 of the O.C.G.A., relating to civil practice, courts, crimes and offenses, criminal procedure, and nuisances, respectively, so as to provide additional safeguards and protections against human trafficking; to authorize DFCS to provide care and supervision to children who are victims of human trafficking; to expand prohibitions against trafficking of persons for labor or sexual servitude; to revise the definition of prostitution; to increase the penalties for certain sexual offenses; to repeal the crime of pandering by compulsion; to provide that the use of certain property in connection with human trafficking constitutes a nuisance and to provide for what constitutes notice of such use; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Business Court; establish. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 15 of the O.C.G.A., relating to courts, so as to establish the Georgia Business Court pursuant to the Constitution of this state; to provide for law assistants and other employees; to amend Code Section 45-7-4 of the O.C.G.A., relating to general provisions regarding salaries and fees, so as to designate a salary for the judge of the Georgia Business Court; to amend Title 5 of the O.C.G.A., relating to appeal and error, so as to make conforming changes regarding appeals; to amend Chapter 4 of Title 9, Title 23, and Code Section 33-39-21 of the O.C.G.A., relating to declaratory judgments, equity, and equitable relief relative to insurance, respectively, so as to make conforming changes regarding equity; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: South Fulton, City of; revise provisions regarding city attorney. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to incorporate the City of South Fulton in Fulton County, Georgia, approved April 26, 2016 (Ga. L. 2016, p. 3726), as amended, so as to revise provisions regarding the city attorney; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: East Dublin, City of; new term for mayor pro tempore; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to provide a new charter for the Town of East Dublin, approved April 9, 1981 (Ga. L. 1981, p. 4645), as amended, so as to provide a new term for the mayor pro tempore; to provide for the filling of vacancies; to provide for removal of the municipal court judge; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Massage Therapy Practice Act; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 43 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to professions and businesses, so as to provide for the regulation of massage therapy educational programs; to provide for legislative intent; to provide for definitions; to clarify requirements for massage therapy licenses; to provide for violations; to provide for conditions relating to regulation by counties, municipalities, or other local jurisdictions relating to massage therapy; to require reporting of violations of Chapter 24A; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Electric membership corporations; comply with certain requirements in determining the rates for attachments to utility poles by communications service providers; require. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Part 2 of Article 4 of Chapter 3 of Title 46 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to corporate purposes and powers of electric membership corporations, so as to require electric membership corporations to comply with certain requirements in determining the rates for attachments to utility poles by communications service providers; to provide for definitions; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Peace Officers' Annuity Fund; require certain benefits payable to a surviving spouse to terminate if such surviving spouse remarries; remove a provision. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 47-17-80 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to retirement benefit options, payment to surviving spouse, requirements, effect of reemployment, effect of changes in retirement benefits, and payment on death of member relative to the Peace Officers' Annuity and Benefit Fund, so as to remove a provision that requires certain benefits payable to a surviving spouse to terminate if such surviving spouse remarries; to provide for related matters; to provide conditions for an effective date and automatic repeal; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Evidence; revise manner by which depositions taken at the instance of state are paid. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 6 of Chapter 13 of Title 24 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to depositions to preserve testimony in criminal proceedings, so as to revise the manner by which depositions taken at the instance of the state are paid; to clarify how depositions shall be taken and filed; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Crimes and offenses; battery against a person 65 years of age or older; repeal an enhanced penalty. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 5 of Title 16 of the O.C.G.A., relating to crimes against the person, so as to repeal an enhanced penalty relating to battery against a person 65 years of age or older; to amend Code Section 30-5-4 of the O.C.G.A., relating to reporting of need for protective services, manner and contents of report, immunity from civil or criminal liability, and privileged communications; to amend Code Section 31-7-12.1 of the O.C.G.A., relating to unlicensed personal care homes; to amend Code Section 45-17-8 of the O.C.G.A., relating to powers and duties of notaries public generally, so as to require notaries to report abuse of disabled adults or elder persons; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Occupational Therapy Practice Act; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 43 of the O.C.G.A., relating to professions and businesses, so as to update and revise various provisions relating to occupational therapists; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Council of Magistrate Court Judges; organization and provide for officers; increase authority. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 10 of Title 15 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to magistrate courts, so as to increase the authority by which the Council of Magistrate Court Judges can organize itself and provide for officers; to remove outdated provisions; to revise the bond amount required for each magistrate; to revise qualifications of magistrates; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Public officials' conduct and lobbyist disclosure; persons promoting or opposing any matter regarding the EMSC Program are subject to transparency and lobbyist disclosure laws; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 4 of Chapter 5 of Title 21 of the O.C.G.A., relating to public officials' conduct and lobbyist disclosure, so as to provide that any natural persons undertaking to promote or oppose any matter before a local coordinating entity regarding the Emergency Medical Systems Communications Program (EMSC Program) are subject to transparency and lobbyist disclosure laws; to amend Chapter 11 of Title 31 of the O.C.G.A., relating to emergency medical services; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Revenue and taxation; income for contributions to savings trust accounts; revise deduction. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 48-7-27 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to computation of taxable net income, so as to revise the deduction from income for contributions to savings trust accounts established pursuant to Article 11 of Chapter 3 of Title 20; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date and applicability; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Chamblee, City of; ad valorem tax; certain residents under 65 years of age; increase homestead exemption amount. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing a homestead exemption from City of Chamblee ad valorem taxes for city purposes in the amount of $30,000.00 of the assessed value of the homestead for certain residents of that city who are under 65 years of age, approved April 4, 1997 (Ga. L. 1997, p. 3591), so as to increase the exemption amount to $50,000.00; to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to provide for a referendum, effective dates, applicability, and automatic repeal; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Chamblee, City of; ad valorem tax; residents 65 years of age or older or who are totally disabled; revise homestead exemption. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing a homestead exemption from City of Chamblee ad valorem taxes for city purposes, approved April 4, 1997 (Ga. L. 1997, p. 3591), so as to revise a homestead exemption for residents of that city who are 65 years of age or older or who are totally disabled in order to authorize such exemption to apply to taxes levied by the city to pay interest on and to retire bonded indebtedness; to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to provide for a referendum, effective dates, applicability, and automatic repeal; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Catoosa County; school district ad valorem tax; residents 65 years of age or older; provide homestead exemption. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide a homestead exemption from Catoosa County school district ad valorem taxes for educational purposes in the amount of $40,000.00 of the assessed value of the homestead for residents of that school district who are 65 years of age or older and whose income does not exceed $30,000.00; to provide for definitions; to specify the terms and conditions of the exemption and the procedures relating thereto; to provide for applicability; to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to provide for a referendum, effective dates, and automatic repeal; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Sales and use tax; certain persons that facilitate certain retail sales; require collection of tax. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 1 of Chapter 8 of Title 48 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to state sales and use tax, so as to modify the definition of dealer; to require the collection and remittance of sales tax by certain persons that facilitate certain retail sales; to define marketplace facilitators and marketplace sellers; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date and applicability; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Insurance; allow good will from insurer acquisitions to be treated as an asset. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 33 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to insurance, so as to allow good will from insurer acquisitions to be treated as an asset; to allow mutual insurers to charge policyholder dividends directly to surplus; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Crimes and offenses; pimping and pandering; increase penalty provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 16-6-13 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to penalties for violating Code Sections 16-6-9 through 16-6-12, so as to increase the penalty provisions relating to pimping and pandering; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Criminal procedure; increase amount of time that law enforcement agencies are required to preserve certain evidence of sexual assault. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 4 of Chapter 5 of Title 17 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to investigation of sexual assault, so as to increase the amount of time that law enforcement agencies are required to preserve certain evidence of sexual assault; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cobb County; Magistrate Court chief judge; provide nonpartisan elections. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide that future elections for the office of chief judge of the Magistrate Court of Cobb County shall be nonpartisan elections; to provide for the sitting chief judge of the magistrate court to serve out his or her term of office; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cobb County; probate judge; provide nonpartisan elections. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide that future elections for the office of probate judge of Cobb County shall be nonpartisan elections; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Income tax; certain physicians serving as community based faculty physicians; delete deduction. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 2 of Chapter 7 of Title 48 of the O.C.G.A., relating to imposition, rate, computation, and exemptions from income taxes, so as to delete an income tax deduction for certain physicians serving as community based faculty physicians; to create a new income tax credit for taxpayers who are licensed physicians, advanced practice registered nurses, or physician assistants who provide uncompensated preceptorship training to medical students, advanced practice registered nurse students, or physician assistant students for certain periods of time; to provide for procedures, conditions, and limitations; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date and applicability; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Superior courts; revise the sums that the clerks are entitled to charge and collect for filing documents and instruments pertaining to real estate or personal property. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 2 of Chapter 6 of Title 15 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to clerks of superior courts, so as to revise the sums that the clerks of the superior courts are entitled to charge and collect for filing documents and instruments pertaining to real estate or personal property; to provide for a flat sum structure; to repeal certain related alternative fees; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Health; pilot program to provide preexposure assistance to persons at risk of HIV infection; establish. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 17A of Title 31 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to control of HIV, so as to establish a pilot program to provide preexposure prophylaxis drug assistance or services to persons at risk of being infected with HIV; to provide for requirements; to provide for implementation of the pilot program; to provide for a written report; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: City of Peachtree City Community Improvement Districts Act; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide for the creation of one or more community improvement districts in the City of Peachtree City; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Regents Retirement Plan; certain remittances required to be made by the University System of Georgia to the Teachers Retirement System of Georgia; eliminate. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 1 of Chapter 21 of Title 47 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to general provisions for the Regents Retirement Plan, so as to eliminate certain remittances required to be made by the University System of Georgia to the Teachers Retirement System of Georgia; to provide for related matters; to provide conditions for an effective date and automatic repeal; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: City of Fayetteville Public Facilities Authority Act; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to create the City of Fayetteville Public Facilities Authority; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hall County; Northeastern Judicial Circuit; revise term of Superior Court. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 15-6-3 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to terms of superior court, so as to revise the term of court for the superior court of Hall County in the Northeastern Circuit; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Monroe County; abolish office of elected county surveyor; provide appointment by governing authority. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to abolish the office of elected county surveyor of Monroe County; to provide for the appointment of a county surveyor by the governing authority of the county; to provide that the person currently serving as elected county surveyor shall serve out the remainder of his or her term; to provide for related matters; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Health; redesignate continuing care retirement communities as life plan communities. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 6 of Title 31 and Chapter 45 of Title 33 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to continuing care providers and facilities and state health planning and development, so as to redesignate continuing care retirement communities as life plan communities; to revise definitions; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Putnam County; Magistrate Court; revise number, manner of selection, and compensation of the judges. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing for the Magistrate Court of Putnam County, approved March 12, 1984 (Ga. L. 1984, p. 3788), as amended, particularly by an Act approved May 12, 2015 (Ga. L. 2015, p. 4159), so as to revise the number, manner of selection, and compensation of the judges of the magistrate court; to authorize up to two other part-time magistrates; to provide for conditions; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Sylvania, City of; levy an excise tax. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to authorize the governing authority of the City of Sylvania to levy an excise tax pursuant to subsection (b) of Code Section 48-13-51 of the O.C.G.A.; to provide procedures, conditions, and limitations; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Screven County Industrial Development Authority; revise projects that the authority may undertake. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating the Screven County Industrial Development Authority, approved March 20, 1963 (Ga. L. 1963, p. 2322), which authority was created pursuant to an amendment to the Constitution as contained in Ga. L. 1962, p. 1079, so as to revise the projects that the authority may undertake; to provide the authority with the power to issue notes; to clarify the powers of the authority; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: The Abandoned Motor Vehicle Act; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 10 of Title 15 of the O.C.G.A., relating to magistrate courts, so as to provide for jurisdiction of such courts; to provide for filing certain documents electronically; to amend Chapter 11 of Title 40 of the O.C.G.A., relating to abandoned motor vehicles, so as to repeal Article 1, relating to abandoned and derelict vehicles, and to enact a new Article 1; to amend Article 5 of Chapter 12 of Title 44 of the O.C.G.A., relating to disposition of unclaimed property, so as to provide for proceeds from the sale of an abandoned motor vehicle after satisfaction of a lien to be deposited with the commissioner of revenue; to provide for publication of "Georgia Unclaimed Property List"; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Insurance, Department of; must submit an autism coverage report to General Assembly; move annual due date to June 15. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 33-24-59.10 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to insurance coverage for autism, so as to move the annual due date that the Department of Insurance must submit an autism coverage report to the General Assembly from January 15 to June 15; to provide for related matters; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Uniform Certificate of Title for Vessels Act; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 7 of Title 52 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to registration, operation, and sale of watercraft, so as to provide for the titling of certain vessels; to provide for procedures with regard to titling such vessels; to provide for legislative intent and findings; to provide a short title; to amend Part 1 of Article 1 of Chapter 8 of Title 48 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to general provisions regarding sales and use taxes, so as to provide for a cap on the sales and use tax on the purchase or lease of a vessel; to provide for definitions; to provide for related matters; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Local government; certain agreements from consultants who enter into contracts or arrangements to prepare or develop requirements for bids; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 1 of Chapter 80 of Title 36 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to general provisions applicable to counties, municipal corporations, and other governmental entities, so as to provide for certain agreements from consultants who enter into contracts or arrangements with counties, municipalities, and other local governmental entities to prepare or develop specifications or requirements for bids, requests for proposals, procurement orders, or purchasing orders; to provide a definition; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Elections; definitions; provide for uniform equipment and ballot marking devices. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 2 of Title 21 of the O.C.G.A., relating to primaries and elections generally, so as to provide for definitions; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Firefighters' Pension Fund; member's benefits payable after death shall be paid to his or her estate when such member failed to designate a beneficiary or his or her designated beneficiaries are deceased; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 6 of Chapter 7 of Title 47 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to retirement, retirement allowances, disability benefits, and death benefits relative to the Georgia Firefighters' Pension Fund, so as to provide that a member's benefits payable after death shall be paid to his or her estate when such member failed to designate a beneficiary or his or her designated beneficiaries are deceased; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Health; hospital Medicaid financing program; extend sunset provision. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 6C of Chapter 8 of Title 31 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the hospital Medicaid financing program, so as to extend the sunset provision; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Local government; advertisement of certain bid or proposal opportunities; change provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 36 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to local government, so as to change provisions relating to the advertisement of certain bid or proposal opportunities; to change notice provisions relating to public works construction contracts; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Insurance; administration of claims by pharmacy benefit managers; revise provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 64 of Title 33 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to regulation and licensure of pharmacy benefits managers, so as to add a definition; to revise provisions relating to administration of claims by pharmacy benefit managers; to revise provisions relating to prohibited activities of pharmacy benefits managers; to provide for an effective date and applicability; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia's Hope Act; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 12 of Title 16 of the O.C.G.A., relating to offenses against public health and morals, so as to provide for the production, manufacturing, and dispensing of low THC oil in this state; to provide for an exception to possession of certain quantities of low THC oil; to amend Chapter 11 of Title 2 of the O.C.G.A., relating to seeds and plants generally, so as to provide for an exception; to provide for related matters; to provide for a short title; to provide for legislative findings; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Law enforcement officers and agencies; records of investigation of an officer by the Georgia Peace Officer Standards and Training Council shall be retained for 30 years; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 35-8-7.1 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to authority of council to refuse certificate to applicant or to discipline council certified officer or exempt officer, grounds, restoration of certificate, emergency suspension of certification, and notice of investigation, so as to provide that records of investigation of an officer by the Georgia Peace Officer Standards and Training Council shall be retained for 30 years; to provide for destruction of such records; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: South Fulton, City of; Redevelopment Powers Law; provide for a referendum. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to authorize the City of South Fulton to exercise all redevelopment and other powers under Article IX, Section II, Paragraph VII(b) of the Constitution and Chapter 44 of Title 36 of the O.C.G.A., the "Redevelopment Powers Law," as amended; to provide for related matters; to provide for a referendum; to provide for effective dates; to provide for automatic repeal under certain circumstances; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Agriculture; service of the Commissioner of Agriculture and the president of the Georgia Farm Bureau Federation as ex officio members; revise provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 2 of Chapter 8 of Title 2 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to agricultural commodity commissions generally, so as to revise provisions relating to service of the Commissioner of Agriculture and the president of the Georgia Farm Bureau Federation as ex officio members; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Retirement and pensions; require certain public employers to make employer and employee contributions to the Teachers Retirement System of Georgia for beneficiaries employed by such certain public employers. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 7 of Chapter 3 of Title 47 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to retirement allowances, disability benefits, and spouses' benefits, so as to require certain public employers to make employer and employee contributions to the Teachers Retirement System of Georgia for beneficiaries employed by such certain public employers; to permit beneficiaries to return to service full-time as teachers without affecting their benefits; to provide for related matters; to provide conditions for an effective date and automatic repeal; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Peer-to-Peer Car-Sharing Program Act; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 40 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to motor vehicles and traffic, so as to provide for and regulate peer-to-peer vehicle sharing; to provide for definitions; to provide requirements for a peer-to-peer vehicle-sharing program; to establish safety recall and insurance requirements for such program; to prohibit the promulgation and enforcement of certain regulations by local governments as related to such program; to provide for a short title; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Special license plates; Alabama A&M University; establish. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 40-2-86 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to special license plates promoting and supporting certain beneficial projects, agencies, funds, or nonprofit corporations, so as to establish a specialty license plate to benefit Alabama A&M University; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Crimes and offenses; reproduction of recorded material; update terminology. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 16-8-60 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to reproduction of recorded material, transfer, sale, distribution, circulation, civil forfeiture, and restitution, so as to update terminology; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Motor vehicles; issuance of a traffic citation to a vehicle owner in lieu of the individual operating the motor vehicle in certain instances; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 40 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to motor vehicles and traffic, so as to provide for the issuance of a traffic citation to a vehicle owner in lieu of the individual operating the motor vehicle in certain instances; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Sales and use tax; mission to advance arts shall not be required to be an organization's primary mission in order to obtain an exemption for certain sales of tickets for admission to fine arts performances; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 8 of Title 48 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to sales and use taxes, so as to provide that the mission to advance arts in this state shall not be required to be an organization's primary mission in order to obtain an exemption for certain sales of tickets, fees, or charges for admission to fine arts performances or exhibitions; to extend the sunset date for such exemption; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Penal institutions; pregnant female inmates or a female inmate who is in the immediate postpartum period; provide prohibited practices. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 1 of Chapter 1 of Title 42 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to inmate policies, so as to provide for prohibited practices relating to a pregnant female inmate or a female inmate who is in the immediate postpartum period; to provide for definitions; to prohibit certain actions relating to strip searches, examinations, and labor and delivery; to provide for documentation and annual reporting of certain information; to provide for related matters; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Property; prohibit retaliation by a landlord against a tenant for taking certain actions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 1 of Chapter 7 of Title 44 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to landlord and tenant generally, so as to prohibit retaliation by a landlord against a tenant for taking certain actions; to provide for circumstances that are not considered retaliation; to provide for remedies; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Local government; counties to exercise powers in incorporated areas; authorize. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 36-44-3 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to definitions regarding redevelopment powers, so as to authorize counties to exercise powers in incorporated areas; to revise a definition; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Sales and use tax; exemption for competitive projects of regional significance; change sunset provision. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 48-8-3 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to exemptions from sales and use tax, so as to change the sunset provision for the exemption for competitive projects of regional significance; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Insurance; create the crime of staging a motor vehicle collision. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 1 of Title 33 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to general provisions regarding insurance, so as to create the crime of staging a motor vehicle collision; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Morrow, City of; ad valorem tax for city purposes; provide for a nonbinding advisory referendum. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide for a nonbinding advisory referendum for the purpose of ascertaining whether the governing authority of the City of Morrow should seek a reduction in the $60,000.00 homestead exemption from City of Morrow ad valorem taxes for city purposes; to provide for legislative purposes and findings; to provide for procedures and requirements relating thereto; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Alternative ad valorem tax; motor vehicles; lower tax rate imposed. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 5C of Title 48 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to alternative ad valorem taxes on motor vehicles, so as to lower the tax rate imposed; to revise a definition; to revise the date range for antique motor vehicles; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Housing tax credit; add to the list of tax categories eligible for an offset. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 33-1-18 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to housing tax credit for qualified projects and rules and regulations, so as to add to the list of tax categories eligible for an offset by the housing tax credit; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Corporate Governance Annual Disclosure Act; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 33 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to insurance, so as to enact the "Corporate Governance Annual Disclosure Act"; to provide for definitions; to provide for the reporting of corporate governance structure; to provide for enforcement authority; to provide for confidentiality; to provide for applicability; to provide for related matters; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Insurance; division of a domestic insurer into two or more resulting domestic insurers; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 33 of the O.C.G.A., relating to insurance, so as to provide for the division of a domestic insurer into two or more resulting domestic insurers; to amend Part 1 of Article 13 of Chapter 2 of Title 14 of the O.C.G.A., relating to the right to dissent and obtain payment for shares, so as to add the right to dissent and obtain payment for shares for a division of a domestic insurer; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Labor, Department of; employment security; change certain provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 34 of the O.C.G.A., relating to labor and industrial relations, so as to change certain provisions relating to the Department of Labor and employment security; to authorize the Commissioner of Labor to perform certain functions and prescribe certain rules and regulations; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Health; administer medications to residents under hospice care pursuant to a physician's written orders; authorize certified medication aides. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 31-7-12.2 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to regulation and licensing of assisted living communities, legislative intent, definitions, procedures, and requirements for medication aides, so as to authorize certified medication aides to administer medications to residents under hospice care pursuant to a physician's written orders; to amend Code Section 43-26-12, relating to exceptions to the licensure of registered professional nurses, so as to provide that the administration of medication by certified medication aides under specific criteria does not require licensure as a registered professional nurse; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Revenue and taxation; collection and remittance of excise taxes on rental motor vehicles by marketplace facilitators that are dealers that facilitate the rental or lease of five or more rental motor vehicles; require. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 48 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to revenue and taxation, so as to require the collection and remittance of excise taxes on rental motor vehicles by marketplace facilitators that are dealers that facilitate the rental or lease of five or more rental motor vehicles; to revise a definition; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date and applicability; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Revenue and taxation; projects and purposes using SPLOST funds; revise annual reporting requirements. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Part 1 of Article 3 of Chapter 8 of Title 48 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to county special purpose local option sales tax (SPLOST), so as to revise the annual reporting requirements regarding projects and purposes using SPLOST funds; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dawsonville, City of; election of members of the city council by district; provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act granting a new charter to the City of Dawsonville, approved April 6, 1967 (Ga. L. 1967, p. 2748), as amended, particularly by an Act approved April 4, 1996 (Ga. L. 1996, p. 4135), so as to provide for the election of members of the city council by district; to provide for the description of the election districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for manner of election; to provide for the continuation in office of current members; to provide for the application of general law; to provide for related matters; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Child support; defined terms and terminology, grammar, and punctuation; revise and correct. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 19-6-15, relating to child support guidelines for determining amount of award, continuation of duty of support, and duration of support, so as to revise and correct defined terms and terminology, grammar, and punctuation; to remove alimony as a specific deviation in certain circumstances; to exclude certain adoption assistance benefits from gross income; to clarify provisions relating to willful or voluntary unemployment or underemployment; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Outdoor stewardship; eligible applicants for and recipients of grants; redefine. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 6A of Title 12 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to outdoor stewardship, so as to redefine eligible applicants for and recipients of the grants; to provide for up to 5 percent of trust moneys for state administrative costs; to provide for annual reporting of program administration expenditures; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Stephens, Shane; Consul General of Ireland; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Shane Stephens, Consul General of Ireland; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Property; liens in favor of private, nonprofit, volunteer fire departments for instances of fire services that are requested by property owners; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 44-14-320 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to certain liens established and removal of nonconforming liens, so as to provide for liens in favor of private, nonprofit, volunteer fire departments for instances of fire services that are requested by property owners; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Board of Public Safety; expense allowance and travel cost reimbursement for members in like fashion as other state boards and commissions; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 45-7-21 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to expense allowance and travel cost reimbursement for members of certain boards and commissions, so as to provide expense allowance and travel cost reimbursement for members of the Board of Public Safety in like fashion as other state boards and commissions; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Crimes and offenses; unlawful for a person with intent to defraud a creditor's rights to deed or otherwise transfer title to real property to another person without the knowledge or consent of such other person; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 4 of Chapter 9 of Title 16 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to fraud and related practices, so as to provide that it shall be unlawful for a person with intent to hinder, delay, impair, or defraud a creditor's rights to deed or otherwise transfer title to real property to another person without the knowledge or consent of such other person; to provide for sanctions; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Revenue and taxation; Level 1 Freeport Exemption; modify provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Part 1 of Article 2 of Chapter 5 of Title 48 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to property tax exemptions, so as to modify provisions related to the Level 1 Freeport Exemption to include affiliated entities and inventory held for the repair or modification of goods; to provide for a definition; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Local government; joint authorities to furnish certain information necessary for the state auditor to determine the net impact of their activities on associated tax digests; require. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 36 and Title 48 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to local government and revenue and taxation, respectively, so as to require joint authorities to furnish certain information necessary for the state auditor to determine the net impact of their activities on associated tax digests; to require the use of such net impact to determine equalized adjusted property tax digests; to provide for rules and regulations; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Law enforcement officers and agencies; comprehensive regulation of trauma scene cleanup services; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 35 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to law enforcement officers and agencies, so as to provide for the comprehensive regulation of trauma scene cleanup services; to provide for definitions; to provide for registration requirements; to provide for qualifications; to provide for penalties for violations; to provide for emergencies; to provide for rules and regulations; to provide for exemptions; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Revenue and taxation; Internal Revenue Code and Internal Revenue Code of 1986; define terms and incorporate certain provisions of federal law into Georgia law. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 48 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to revenue and taxation, so as to define the terms "Internal Revenue Code" and "Internal Revenue Code of 1986" and thereby incorporate certain provisions of the federal law into Georgia law; to revise provisions relating to partnership returns and adjustments; to provide an effective date and applicability; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: South Fulton, City of; ad valorem tax for municipal purposes; provide new homestead exemption. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide for a new homestead exemption from City of South Fulton ad valorem taxes for municipal purposes in an amount equal to the amount by which the current year assessed value of a homestead exceeds the adjusted base year assessed value of such homestead; to provide for definitions; to specify the terms and conditions of the exemption and the procedures relating thereto; to provide for related matters; to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to provide for applicability; to provide for a referendum, effective dates, and automatic repeal; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Crimes and offenses; include certain sex crimes into the definition of criminal gang activity. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 16-15-3 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to definitions regarding street gang terrorism and prevention, so as to include certain sex crimes into the definition of criminal gang activity; to revise a definition; to amend Title 24 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to evidence, so as to revise rules pertaining to the admissibility of a complainant's past sexual behavior in prosecutions for certain sexual offenses; to provide for exceptions; to provide for related matters; to provide for applicability; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Criminal procedure; imposition of punishment for crimes involving bias or prejudice; revise criteria. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 1 of Chapter 10 of Title 17 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to procedure for sentencing and imposition of punishment, so as to revise the criteria for imposition of punishment for crimes involving bias or prejudice; to revise the sanctions for such crimes; to provide for the manner of serving such sentences; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Alpharetta, City of; ad valorem tax; eliminate income restriction for homestead exemption. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to increase the homestead exemption from certain City of Alpharetta ad valorem taxes for certain residents thereof who are 65 years of age or over and for other residents thereof who are 70 years of age or over, approved April 5, 1994 (Ga. L. 1994, p. 4669), as amended, so as to eliminate the income restriction for the $10,000.00 homestead exemption for residents age 65 or older; to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to provide for a referendum, effective dates, and automatic repeal under certain circumstances; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Alpharetta, City of; ad valorem taxes for municipal purposes; increase homestead exemption. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to provide for an additional $10,000.00 homestead exemption from certain City of Alpharetta ad valorem taxes for municipal purposes, approved April 23, 1999 (Ga. L. 1999, p. 4836), as amended, particularly by an Act approved May 11, 2009 (Ga. L. 2009, p. 4001), so as to increase the exemption amount from $40,000.00 to $45,000.00; to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to provide for a referendum, effective dates, and automatic repeal under certain circumstances; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Walker, Jetaun; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Jetaun Walker; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dual Enrollment Act; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 20 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to education, so as to revise the "Move on When Ready Act" and dual credit course; to revise a short title; to provide for certain covered dual credit courses; to provide for certain covered eligible high school students; to provide for maximum covered hours; to provide for high school students to take noncovered dual credit courses at their own expense or with lottery funds; to provide for responsibilities of the commission; to provide for counseling by the postsecondary institution; to provide for application to HOPE scholarship and grant caps; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date and applicability; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Conservation and natural resources; shore protection; revise various provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Part 2 of Article 4 of Chapter 5 of Title 12 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to shore protection, so as to revise various provisions relative to shore protection; to revise and add definitions; to establish authority and powers of the Department of Natural Resources; to revise provisions relating to permit activities and procedures; to strike obsolete language and correct cross-references; to provide for related matters; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Revenue and taxation; timber producers incurring losses from Hurricane Michael; clarify that certain credits that have been transferred shall not be refundable. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 48-7-40.36 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to income tax credits for timber producers incurring losses from Hurricane Michael, so as to clarify that certain income tax credits that have been transferred shall not be refundable to the transferee and shall not be eligible for transfer; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Sales and use tax; jet fuel; exempt for a period of time and levy an excise tax during such period. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 8 of Title 48 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to sales and use taxes, so as to exempt jet fuel from the state sales and use tax for a period of time and to levy an excise tax on jet fuel during such period; to modify provisions for the use of proceeds of taxes on jet fuel; to define a term; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Excise tax; rooms, lodgings, and accommodations; revise definition of innkeeper to include lodging facilitators. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 3 of Chapter 13 of Title 48 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to excise tax on rooms, lodgings, and accommodations, so as to revise the definition of "innkeeper" to include lodging facilitators; to expand the levy of a nightly excise tax to include all rooms, lodgings, and accommodations furnished for value to the public by innkeepers; to define the term "lodging facilitator"; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date and applicability; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Motor vehicles; implied consent notices; revise. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 3 of Chapter 5 of Title 40 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to cancellation, suspension, and revocation of licenses, so as to revise the implied consent notices; to provide for related matters; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Revenue, Department of; access Bank Match Registry for certain purposes; allow. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 11 of Title 19 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to enforcement of duty of support, so as to allow the Department of Revenue to access the Bank Match Registry for certain purposes; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Douglas County; Redevelopment Powers Law; provide for a referendum. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to authorize Douglas County to exercise all redevelopment and other powers under Article IX, Section II, Paragraph VII(b) of the Constitution and Chapter 44 of Title 36 of the O.C.G.A., the "Redevelopment Powers Law," as amended; to provide for a referendum; to provide effective dates; to provide for automatic repeal under certain circumstances; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Motor vehicles; operation of motorized mobility devices; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 40 of the O.C.G.A., relating to motor vehicles and traffic, so as to provide for the operation of motorized mobility devices; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Georgia Agricultural Marketing Authority Act; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 2 of the O.C.G.A., relating to agriculture, so as to create the Georgia Agricultural Marketing Authority; to provide for the liberal construction; to amend Chapter 15 of Title 45 of the O.C.G.A., relating to the Attorney General, so as to provide for the inclusion of the Georgia Agricultural Marketing Authority as a state authority; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Local government; elect an annual report in lieu of a biennial audit; increase expenditure amount. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 1 of Chapter 81 of Title 36 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to local government budgets and audits, so as to increase the expenditure amount for which a local government may elect an annual report in lieu of a biennial audit; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Fire protection and safety; use of class B fire-fighting foam for testing purposes if such foam contains a certain class of fluorinated organic chemicals; prohibit. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 2 of Title 25 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to regulation of fire and other hazards to persons and property generally, so as to prohibit the use of class B fire-fighting foam for testing purposes if such foam contains a certain class of fluorinated organic chemicals; to provide for definitions; to provide for exceptions; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Education; driver's license verification system for school bus drivers; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Part 5 of Article 22 of Chapter 2 of Title 20 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to school buses, so as to provide for a driver's license verification system for school bus drivers; to require participation by local boards of education; to provide for data submission; to provide for rules and regulations; to provide for coordination among the Department of Public Safety, the Georgia Technology Authority, and the Department of Driver Services; to amend Code Section 50-18-72 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to when public disclosure not required, so as to provide that records maintained for such verification system shall not be subject to public disclosure; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Roswell, City of; levy an excise tax. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to authorize the governing authority of the City of Roswell to levy an excise tax pursuant to subsection (b) of Code Section 48-13-51 of the O.C.G.A.; to provide procedures, conditions, and limitations; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Coweta County; school district ad valorem tax; raise homestead exemption amounts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing a homestead exemption from Coweta County School District ad valorem taxes for educational purposes in the amount of $40,000.00 for residents of that school district who are 65 years of age but less than 71 years of age, $60,000.00 for residents of that school district who are 71 years of age but less than 75 years of age, and $80,000.00 for residents of that school district who are 75 years of age or older, approved January 17, 2002 (Ga. L. 2002, p. 3501), so as to raise the exemption amounts; to provide for related matters; to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to provide for a referendum, effective dates, and automatic repeal; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Motor vehicles; issuance of a Class C driver's license to operators of certain three-wheeled motor vehicles; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 40 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to motor vehicles and traffic, so as to provide for the issuance of a Class C driver's license to operators of certain three-wheeled motor vehicles; to exempt operators of certain three-wheeled motor vehicles from headgear and eye-protective device requirements; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Law enforcement officers and agencies; analysis and collection of DNA for individuals charged with a felony offense but sentenced as a first offender or under conditional discharge; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 6A of Chapter 3 of Title 35 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to DNA sampling, collection, and analysis, so as to provide for analysis and collection of DNA for individuals charged with a felony offense but sentenced as a first offender or under conditional discharge; to revise definitions; to change provisions relating to dissemination of information in the data bank; to change provisions relating to expungement of profiles in the data bank; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Robinson, Regina "Sunshine"; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and recognizing Regina "Sunshine" Robinson; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Social services; improvements to the operation of the child abuse registry; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 8 of Chapter 5 of Title 49 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the central child abuse registry, so as to provide improvements to the operation of the child abuse registry; to provide definitions; to provide for notice of abuse allegations; to provide for reporting abuse cases to DFACS office; to provide for hearing on expungement of name from registry; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Hidden Predator Act of 2019; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide greater protections for individuals who have suffered from childhood sexual abuse; to amend Code Section 9-3-33.1 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to actions for childhood sexual abuse, so as to extend the statute of limitations for actions for childhood sexual abuse under certain circumstances; to clarify existing law; to revise and provide for definitions; to provide for retroactive claims for childhood sexual abuse under certain circumstances; to provide for a short title; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Living Infants Fairness and Equality (LIFE) Act; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 2 of Title 1 of the O.C.G.A., relating to persons and their rights; to amend Article 5 of Chapter 12 of Title 16 of the O.C.G.A., relating to abortion; to amend Chapter 9A of Title 31 of the O.C.G.A., relating to the "Woman's Right to Know Act;" to amend Chapter 9B of Title 31 of the O.C.G.A., relating to physician's obligation in performance of abortions; to amend Chapter 7 of Title 19 of the O.C.G.A., relating to parent and child relationship generally; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Controlled substances; Schedules I, IV, and V; change certain provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 13 of Title 16 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to controlled substances, so as to change certain provisions relating to Schedules I, IV, and V controlled substances; to change certain provisions relating to the definition of dangerous drug; to provide for related matters; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Professions and businesses; power and duties of the Division of Electrical Contractors as to the approval of continuing education courses; change. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 14 of Title 43 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to electrical contractors, plumbers, conditioned air contractors, low-voltage contractors, and utility contractors, so as to change the power and duties of the Division of Electrical Contractors as to the approval of continuing education courses; to prohibit certain advertisements related to electrical contracting; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Disaster Volunteer Relief Act; certain employees of state agencies to be granted leave from work with pay in order to participate in specialized disaster relief services; authorize. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 6 of Chapter 3 of Title 38 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the Disaster Volunteer Relief Act, so as to authorize certain employees of state agencies to be granted leave from work with pay in order to participate in specialized disaster relief services; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Commerce and trade; prevent organized retail crime. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to prevent organized retail crime; to amend Chapter 1 of Title 10 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to selling and other trade practices, so as to provide for a definition; to provide for certain recordkeeping and reporting requirements for the sale and purchase of stored value cards; to provide for penalties for failure to comply; to provide for confidentiality; to amend Article 1 of Chapter 8 of Title 16 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to theft, so as to provide for the crimes of organized retail theft and retail merchandise fraud; to provide for penalties for violations; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Banking and finance; payment of large deposits of deceased intestate depositors and the deposit of sums held for deceased intestate residents; make changes. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Part 12 of Article 1 of Chapter 1 of Title 7 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to deposits of deceased depositors, so as to make changes relating to the payment of large deposits of deceased intestate depositors and the deposit of sums held for deceased intestate residents; to provide for and revise certain definitions; to provide for an affidavit for certain claimants to deposits; to provide a statutory form for an affidavit of the providers of services of funeral expenses and expenses of last illnesses of deceased depositors; to change certain provisions relating to payment of checks or instruments payable to decease intestate persons; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Insurance; regulation of insurance company holding systems; update. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 13 of Title 33 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to insurance holding company systems, so as to update the regulation of insurance company holding systems; to provide for definitions; to provide the Commissioner with new supervisory authority; to provide for enforcement authority; to provide for confidentiality; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Property; dispossessory proceedings; require applications for execution of a writ of possession be made within 30 days of issuance of the writ unless good cause is shown. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 3 of Chapter 7 of Title 44 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to dispossessory proceedings, so as require applications for execution of a writ of possession be made within 30 days of the issuance of the writ unless good cause is shown; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Private Permitting Review and Inspection Act; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 2 of Title 8 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to standards and requirements for construction, alteration, etc., of buildings and other structures, so as to provide procedures for alternative plan review, permitting, and inspection by private providers so as to simplify regulations on businesses at the local level; to provide for definitions; to provide for a short title; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Public utilities and public transportation; use of electric easements for broadband services; permit. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 4 of Chapter 3 of Title 46 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to electric membership corporations and foreign electric cooperatives, so as to permit the use of electric easements for broadband services; to provide for a definition; to provide for legislative findings and declarations as to certain utility easements; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Sumter County Livestock Authority; repeal Act. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to repeal an Act creating a public body corporate and politic, and an instrumentality of the County of Sumter, to be known as the Sumter County Livestock Authority, approved April 7, 1992 (Ga. L. 1992, p. 5757), as amended by an Act approved April 13, 2001 (Ga. L. 2001, p. 4175); to provide for the assets and liabilities thereof; to provide for related matters; to provide a specific repealer; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Game and fish; provide for mariculture development. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 4 of Chapter 4 of Title 27 of the O.C.G.A., relating to seafood, so as to provide for mariculture development; to amend Code Section 12-5-295 of the O.C.G.A., relating to applicability of activities in coastal marshlands, so as to revise and add an exemption certain; to provide for related matters; to provide for effective dates and applicability; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Civil practice; continuances for members of the Board of Regents and the Attorney General; revise. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 7 of Chapter 10 of Title 9 and Article 2 of Chapter 8 of Title 17 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to continuances, so as to revise continuances for members of the Board of Regents and the Attorney General; to provide for related matters; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ad valorem tax; criteria used by tax assessors to determine the fair market value of real property; revise. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 5 of Title 48 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to ad valorem taxation of property, so as to revise the criteria used by tax assessors to determine the fair market value of real property; to provide an effective date; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Douglas, City of; Redevelopment Powers Law; provide for a referendum. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to authorize the City of Douglas to exercise all redevelopment and other powers under Article IX, Section II, Paragraph VII(b) of the Constitution and Chapter 44 of Title 36 of the O.C.G.A., the "Redevelopment Powers Law," as amended; to provide for a referendum; to provide effective dates; to provide for automatic repeal under certain circumstances; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Highways, bridges, and ferries; funding sources and a consolidated state entity for the planning and implementation of mobility and transit services; provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Titles 32, 36, 45, 48, and 50 of the O.C.G.A., relating to highways, bridges, and ferries; local government; to repeal and reserve Chapter 32 of Title 50 of the O.C.G.A., relating to the Georgia Regional Transportation Authority; to amend Title 40 of the O.C.G.A., relating to motor vehicles and traffic, so as to correct a cross-reference; to amend Article 2 of Chapter 10 of Title 32 of the O.C.G.A., relating to the State Road and Tollway Authority, so as to redesignate Code sections relative to such authority to a new chapter and make conforming changes to reflect such transfer; to amend the O.C.G.A., so as to make conforming and cross-reference changes relating to such redesignation and transfer; to reserve Article 2 of Chapter 10 of Title 32 of the O.C.G.A., relating to the State Road and Tollway Authority; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Agricultural Commodity Commission for Propane; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 8 of Title 2 of the O.C.G.A., relating to agricultural commodities promotion, so as to provide for an Agricultural Commodity Commission for Propane; or violations of marketing orders; to provide for civil penalties and injunctive relief; to authorize promulgation of regulations; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Mental Health Reform and Innovation Commission; create. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 1 of Title 37 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to governing and regulation of mental health, so as to create the Georgia Mental Health Reform and Innovation Commission; to provide for legislative findings; to provide for a definition; to provide for members and officers; to provide for meetings, agendas, quorum, and compensation; to provide for the commission's duties and powers; to provide for subcommittees; to provide for automatic repeal; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Professions and businesses; temporary licenses for dentists licensed in other states to provide dental care to indigent populations in this state; authorize. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 2 of Chapter 11 of Title 43 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to licenses for the practice of dentistry, so as to authorize temporary licenses for dentists licensed in other states to provide dental care to indigent populations in this state; to provide for notice; to provide for length of validity of temporary licenses; to provide for application; to provide for specified dental care; to provide for rules and regulations; to provide for immunity from civil liability; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia International and Maritime Trade Center; rename to Savannah Convention Center. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 4 of Chapter 7 of Title 50 of the O.C.G.A., relating to the Georgia International and Maritime Trade Center, so as to dissolve the Georgia International and Maritime Trade Center Authority; to rename the convention center; to create the Savannah-Georgia Convention Center Authority; to provide for legislative findings; to provide for definitions; to provide for its membership, manner of appointment, terms of office, and powers and duties; to provide for exemption from taxation; to provide for venue; to provide for disposition of property; to exempt its property from levy and sale; to transfer certain assets and liabilities; to repeal certain laws; to provide for related matters; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Quality Basic Education Formula; change program weights for funding purposes. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 20-2-161 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the Quality Basic Education Formula, so as to change program weights for funding purposes; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Norcross, City of; change terms of mayor and city councilmembers. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing a new charter for the City of Norcross, approved March 28, 1990 (Ga. L. 1990, p. 4934), as amended, particularly by an Act approved April 5, 1993 (Ga. L. 1993, p. 4727) and by an Act approved May 11, 2009 (Ga. L. 2009, p. 4365), so as to change the terms of the mayor and city councilmembers; to provide for related matters; to provide for a referendum; to provide for contingent effective dates and automatic repeal; to repeal a specific Act; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Education; prohibit parents or guardians from withdrawing or removing a child from a public school for the purpose of avoiding compliance with laws relating to mandatory attendance, school discipline, parental involvement, or parental responsibilities. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 16 of Chapter 2 of Title 20 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to students in elementary and secondary education, so as to prohibit parents or guardians from withdrawing or removing a child from a public school for the purpose of avoiding compliance with laws relating to mandatory attendance, school discipline, parental involvement, or parental responsibilities; to provide for additional requirements with regard to declarations of intent; to provide for referral to the Division of Family and Children Services of the Department of Human Services for investigation and enforcement; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lee County; tax commissioner shall retain a percentage of educational funds and reimburse the county for the cost of collecting school taxes; repeal Act. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to repeal an Act providing that the tax commissioner of Lee County shall retain a percentage of educational funds collected by said officer and remit the same to the governing authority of Lee County to reimburse the county for the cost of collecting school taxes, approved May 30, 2003 (Ga. L. 2003, p. 3937); to provide for related matters; to provide a specific repealer; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Upson County; Probate Court; authorize assessment and collection of a technology fee. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to authorize the assessment and collection of a technology fee by the Probate Court of Upson County; to identify the authorized uses of such technology fee; to provide for the termination of such technology fee and dedication of residual funds to technology uses; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Revenue and taxation; all questions of law decided by the Georgia Tax Tribunal be decided without deference to the rules, determinations, or interpretations of the Department of Revenue; require. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 1 of Chapter 2 of Title 48 of the O.C.G.A., relating to state administrative organization of revenue and taxation; to amend Article 2 of Chapter 2 of Title 48 of the O.C.G.A., relating to administration of revenue and taxation; to amend Chapter 13A of Title 50 of the O.C.G.A., relating to tax tribunals, so as to require that all questions of law decided by the Georgia Tax Tribunal be decided without deference to the rules, determinations, or interpretations of the Department of Revenue; to provide for related matters; to provide an effective date; to provide for applicability; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Domestic relations; equitable caregivers; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 1 of Chapter 7 of Title 19 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to general provisions regarding parent and child relationship generally, so as to provide for equitable caregivers; to provide for standing and adjudication; to provide for a statutory form; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Nuisances; treatment of agricultural facilities and operations and forest land; provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 41-1-7 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to treatment of agricultural facilities and operations and forest land as nuisances, so as to provide for legislative intent; to remove a definition; to limit the circumstances under which agricultural facilities and operations may be sued for a nuisance; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Controlled substances; kratom; provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 13 of Title 16 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to controlled substances, so as to provide for legislative findings; to provide a definition; to provide for the identification of a standard level of kratom alkoloids and establish recommended dosages; to provide for the prohibition of access to kratom to persons under 18 years of age; to provide for package labeling requirements; to provide for penalties; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: State Victim Services Commission; bill of rights for foster parents; delete references to an obsolete entity. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Sections 35-6-2 and 49-5-281 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the membership of the State Victim Services Commission and the bill of rights for foster parents, respectively, so as to delete references to an obsolete entity; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Criminal procedure; add public child welfare case manager to the people for whom arrest warrants may be issued only by certain judicial officers. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 3 of Chapter 4 of Title 17 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to warrants for arrest, so as to add public child welfare case manager to the people for whom arrest warrants may be issued only by certain judicial officers; to provide for related matters; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Grady County; board of education; increase compensation of members. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating a new board of education of Grady County, approved March 5, 1968 (Ga. L. 1968, p. 2120), as amended, so as to increase the compensation of the members of the board of education; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bryan County Public Facilities Authority Act; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to create the Bryan County Public Facilities Authority; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Polk County; grand jury shall not be required to be impaneled on the first day of each term; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide that the grand jury of Polk County shall not be required to be impaneled on the first day of each term; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Stonecrest, City of; levy an excise tax. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to authorize the governing authority of the City of Stonecrest to levy an excise tax pursuant to subsection (b) of Code Section 48-13-51 of the O.C.G.A.; to provide procedures, conditions, and limitations; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Haralson County; grand jury shall not be required to be impaneled on the first day of each term; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide that the grand jury of Haralson County shall not be required to be impaneled on the first day of each term; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ben Hill County; Magistrate Court chief judge; provide nonpartisan elections. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide that future elections for the office of chief judge of the Magistrate Court of Ben Hill County shall be nonpartisan elections; to provide for the sitting chief judge of the magistrate court to serve out his or her term of office; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ben Hill County; probate judge; provide nonpartisan elections. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide that future elections for the office of probate judge of Ben Hill County shall be nonpartisan elections; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dawson, City of; provide new charter. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide a new charter for the City of Dawson, Georgia; to provide for definitions and construction; to provide for other matters relative to the foregoing; to provide for severability; to provide for related matters; to repeal a specific Act; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Courts; distribution priority of partial payments of fines, bond forfeitures, and costs; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 15 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to courts, so as to provide for the distribution priority of partial payments of fines, bond forfeitures, and costs; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Human Services, Department of; review of certain law enforcement conviction data with regard to persons seeking to become volunteers, interns, students, or employees; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 1 of Chapter 2 of Title 49 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to general provisions regarding the Department of Human Services, so as to provide for the review of certain law enforcement conviction data with regard to persons seeking to become volunteers, interns, students, or employees; to provide for related matters; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Insurance; framework for regulating the offering or issuance of travel insurance in this state; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 33 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to insurance, so as to provide a framework for regulating the offering or issuance of travel insurance in this state; to revise and provide for definitions; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cobb County; Superior Court; restyle the executive assistant and the executive secretary of the clerk as administrative managers. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act changing the compensation of the clerk of the superior court, the sheriff, and the judge of the Probate Court of Cobb County from the fee system to the salary system, approved February 9, 1949 (Ga. L. 1949, p. 427), as amended, particularly by an Act approved May 2, 2017 (Ga. L. 2017, p. 3673), so as to restyle the executive assistant and the executive secretary of the clerk of the superior court as administrative managers; to change the salary of the administrative managers of the clerk of the superior court; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Miller County; Board of Commissioners; revise districts for the election of members. Description: A BILL To be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating a board of commissioners in and for Miller County, approved March 29, 1983 (Ga. L. 1983, p. 4594), as amended, particularly by an Act approved April 16, 1999, (Ga. L. 1999, p. 4442), so as to revise the districts for the election of members of the board of commissioners; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for method of election; to provide for the continuation in office of current members; to provide for related matters; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Tybee Island, City of; filling of vacancies; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to provide for a new charter for the City of Tybee Island, approved April 20, 1995 (Ga. L. 1995, p. 4462), as amended, so as to provide for the filling of vacancies; to provide for the election and duties of a mayor pro tem; to provide for elections; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Tybee Island, City of; levy an excise tax. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to authorize the governing authority of the City of Tybee Island to levy an excise tax pursuant to subsection (b) of Code Section 48-13-51 of the O.C.G.A.; to provide procedures, conditions, and limitations; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Manufacturing Alliance (GMA); commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Georgia Manufacturing Alliance (GMA); and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Waverly Hall, Town of; Municipal Court; authorize assessment and collection of a technology fee. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to reincorporate the Town of Waverly Hall in Harris County, approved April 10, 2014 (Ga. L. 2014, p. 3916), so as to authorize the assessment and collection of a technology fee by the Municipal Court of the Town of Waverly Hall; to identify the authorized uses of said technology fee; to provide for the deposit of fees; to provide that the public safety director may authorize use of said fees; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jenkins County; Probate Court judge; provide nonpartisan elections. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide that future elections for the office of the judge of the Probate Court of Jenkins County shall be nonpartisan elections; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Washington County; State Court; authorize assessment and collection of a technology fee. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to authorize the assessment and collection of a technology fee by the State Court of Washington County; to identify the authorized uses of such technology fee; to provide for the termination of such technology fee and dedication of residual funds to technology uses; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Sparks, City of; provide new charter. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide a new charter for the City of Sparks, Georgia; to provide for other matters relative to the foregoing; to provide for related matters; to repeal a specific law; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Monroe County; Board of Commissioners; provide for the removal of the duties of disbursements. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to create a board of commissioners of roads and revenue for the County of Monroe, approved August 19, 1907 (Ga. L. 1907, p. 318), as amended, particularly by an Act approved May 11, 2011 (Ga. L. 2011, p. 3912), so as to provide for the removal of the duties of disbursements; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Statham, City of; governing organization; revise provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to provide a new charter for the City of Statham, Georgia, approved April 21, 1967 (Ga. L. 1967, p. 3326), as amended, so as to revise provisions governing organization of the city government; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: City of Rome Building Authority Act; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to create the Rome Building Authority; to provide for liberal construction of the act; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Floyd County; Board of Education; provide for compensation of members. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing for the compensation of the members of the County Board of Education of Floyd County, approved March 18, 1959 (Ga. L. 1959, p. 3203), as amended, so as to provide for the compensation of the members of such board of education; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Chatham County; State Court judges; provide for an accountability court supplement. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating the State Court of Chatham County, approved December 18, 1819 (Ga. L. 1819, p. 16), as amended, particularly by an Act approved May 12, 2015 (Ga. L. 2015, p. 4194), so as to provide for an accountability court supplement for judges of the State Court of Chatham County; to provide for related matters; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hoboken, City of; change corporate limits. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing a new charter for the City of Hoboken, Georgia, approved March 24, 1976 (Ga. L. 1976, p. 3060), as amended, so as to change the corporate limits of the city; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Carroll County; Magistrate Court; authorize to charge a technology fee for each conviction of a traffic or ordinance violation. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to authorize the Magistrate Court of Carroll County to charge a technology fee for each conviction of a traffic or ordinance violation; to specify the uses to which said technology fee may be put; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: South Fulton, City of; levy an excise tax. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to authorize the governing authority of the City of South Fulton to levy an excise tax pursuant to subsection (b) of Code Section 48-13-51 of the O.C.G.A.; to provide procedures, conditions, and limitations; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hapeville, City of; homestead exemption for residents 65 years or older; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide a homestead exemption from City of Hapeville ad valorem taxes for municipal purposes in the amount of $20,000.00 of the assessed value of the homestead for residents of that city who are 65 years of age or older, who are veterans, or who are disabled; to provide for definitions; to specify the terms and conditions of the exemption and the procedures relating thereto; to provide for applicability; to provide for a referendum, effective dates, and automatic repeal; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Flovilla, City of; municipal court; dissolve. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to provide a new charter for the City of Flovilla, approved April 5, 1993 (Ga. L. 1993, p. 4663), as amended, so as to dissolve the municipal court; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hapeville, City of; increase existing homestead exemption to $15,000.00. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to provide for a $10,000.00 homestead exemption from all City of Hapeville ad valorem taxes for residents of that city, approved January 15, 1988 (Ga. L. 1988, p. 4866), so as to increase the existing homestead exemption to $15,000.00; to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to provide for a referendum, effective dates, and automatic repeal; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cooper, Officer Matthew Bernard; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Officer Matthew Bernard Cooper; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Newton County; coroner; provide for salary supplements authorized by the governing authority. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to place the coroner of Newton County on an annual salary in lieu of the fee system of compensation, approved March 10, 1970 (Ga. L. 1970, p. 2354), so as to provide for salary supplements authorized by the governing authority; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Sinclair Water Authority; determination of a quorum of the members of the board; change. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing for the membership of the Sinclair Water Authority, approved April 13, 2001 (Ga. L. 2001, p. 3648), as amended, so as to change the determination of a quorum of the members of the board of said authority; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Joint Board of Elections and Registration of Pike County; create. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to create the Joint Board of Elections and Registration of Pike County, which shall conduct primaries and elections for Pike County, the Town of Concord, the City of Meansville, the City of Molena, the Town of Williamson, and the City of Zebulon; to provide for related matters; to provide effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Coweta County; levy an excise tax. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to authorize the governing authority of Coweta County to levy an excise tax pursuant to subsection (b) of Code Section 48-13-51 of the O.C.G.A.; to provide procedures, conditions, and limitations; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Newnan, City of; levy an excise tax. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to authorize the governing authority of the City of Newnan to levy an excise tax pursuant to subsection (b) of Code Section 48-13-51 of the O.C.G.A.; to provide procedures, conditions, and limitations; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: South Fulton Chamber of Commerce; grand occasion of its 72nd anniversary; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the South Fulton Chamber of Commerce on the grand occasion of its 72nd anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Butts County; courthouse; provide that fees collected are for maintenance. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing that certain costs in certain criminal cases and quasi-criminal cases shall be used for the purpose of maintaining the Butts County courthouse, approved April 15, 1969 (Ga. L. 1969, p. 2664), as amended, particularly by an Act approved March 20, 1990 (Ga. L. 1990, p. 4056), so as to provide that fees collected are for the maintenance of the Historic Butts County Courthouse; to repeal provisions relating to the Superior Court of Butts County; to increase the fee the Probate Court of Butts County shall charge; to increase the amount of such fees that can be held before excess is paid into the Butts County general fund; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Pickens County; Board of Education; revise districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to reconstitute the Pickens County Board of Education, approved March 7, 2001 (Ga. L. 2001, p. 3516), so as to revise the education districts; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Monroe, City of; municipal court; authorize assessment and collection of a technology fee. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to reincorporate the City of Monroe in the County of Walton, approved April 8, 1971 (Ga. L. 1971, p. 3917), as amended, so as to authorize the assessment and collection of a technology fee by the municipal court; to identify the authorized uses of said technology fee; to provide for the maintenance of fees in a segregated account; to provide that the municipal court judge may authorize use of said fees; to provide that fees can be used to reimburse the city for services provided to the court and police department; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Atlanta, City of; ad valorem tax for municipal purposes; provide for a new homestead exemption. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide for a new homestead exemption from City of Atlanta ad valorem taxes for municipal purposes in the amount of $30,000.00 for each resident of the City of Atlanta who holds real property subject to a written lease having an initial term of not less than 99 years with a landlord that is an entity exempt from taxation under Section 501(c)(3) of the federal Internal Revenue Code and who owns all improvements located on the real property; to provide for definitions; to specify the terms and conditions of the exemption and the procedures relating thereto; to provide for applicability; to provide for related matters; to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to provide for a referendum, effective dates, and automatic repeal; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lula Development Authority Act; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to create the Lula Development Authority; to provide a short title; to provide definitions; to provide for the powers of the authority; to provide for members of the authority; to provide a development area; to provide for revenue bonds and other obligations of the authority; to recite constitutional authority; to provide for effect on other authorities; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Kennesaw, City of; corporate limits; change provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating a new charter for the City of Kennesaw, approved May 6, 2013 (Ga. L. 2013, p. 4234), as amended, particularly by an Act approved May 2, 2017 (Ga. L. 2017, p. 3639), so as to change provisions relating to the corporate limits of the city; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ware County; superior court clerk shall also be state court clerk; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating the State Court of Ware County, formerly the City Court of Waycross, approved December 11, 1897 (Ga. L. 1897, p. 510), as amended, particularly by an Act approved July 30, 1903 (Ga. L. 1903, p. 171), so as to provide that the clerk of the superior court of Ware County shall also be the clerk of the state court of Ware County; to provide for related matters; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Zebulon, City of; provide new charter. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide a new charter for the City of Zebulon, Georgia; to provide for incorporation, boundaries, and powers of the city; to provide for general powers and limitations on powers; to provide for organization, regular, and special meetings of the city council; to provide for rules of procedure, quorums and voting regarding city council meetings; to provide for branches of government; to provide for a governing authority of such city and the powers, duties, authority, election, terms, removal from office, method of filling vacancies, compensation, expenses, qualifications, and conflicts of interest; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Pooler, City of; Municipal Court; authorize assessment and collection of a technology fee. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to provide a new charter for the City of Pooler, approved May 17, 2004 (Ga. L. 2004, p. 3726), as amended, so as to authorize the assessment and collection of a technology fee by the Municipal Court of the City of Pooler; to identify the authorized uses of said technology fee; to provide for the deposit of fees; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Brookhaven, City of; existing general homestead exemption; increase. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to incorporate the City of Brookhaven in DeKalb County, approved April 16, 2012 (Ga. L. 2012, p. 5527), as amended, so as to increase the existing general homestead exemption to $40,000.00 through five annual increases; to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to provide for a referendum, effective dates, and automatic repeal; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Covington, City of; change corporate limits. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to incorporate and to grant a new charter to the City of Covington, approved January 30, 1962 (Ga. L. 1962, p. 2003), as amended, so as to change the corporate limits of such municipality; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Brookhaven, City of; existing homestead exemption for senior citizens and disabled persons; increase. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to incorporate the City of Brookhaven in DeKalb County, approved April 16, 2012 (Ga. L. 2012, p. 5527), as amended, so as to increase the existing homestead exemption for senior citizens and disabled persons to $160,000.00 through five annual increases; to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to provide for a referendum, effective dates, and automatic repeal; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: White, City of; provide new charter. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide a new charter for the City of White; to provide for boundaries and powers of the city; to provide for a governing authority of such city and the powers, duties, authority, election, terms, vacancies, compensation, expenses, qualifications, prohibitions, conflicts of interest, and suspension and removal from office relative to members of such governing authority; to provide for inquiries and investigations; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Gainesville, City of; levy an excise tax. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to authorize the governing authority of the City of Gainesville to levy an excise tax pursuant to subsection (b) of Code Section 48-13-51 of the O.C.G.A.; to provide procedures, conditions, and limitations; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Gainesville, City of; change corporate boundaries. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to provide a new charter for the City of Gainesville, approved April 11, 2012 (Ga. L. 2012, p. 4870), so as to change the corporate boundaries of the city by annexing certain territory; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Gainesville Redevelopment Authority; provide for reappointment. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating the Gainesville Redevelopment Authority, approved March 24, 1978 (Ga. L. 1978, p. 4440), which authority was authorized pursuant to an amendment to the Constitution as contained in Ga. L. 1980, p. 2024, as amended, particularly by an Act approved May 11, 2009 (Ga. L. 2009, p. 4105), so as to provide for reappointment; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Joint Liberty County, City of Gum Branch, City of Midway, City of Riceboro, and City of Walthourville Fire Protection Facilities and Equipment Authority; repeal Act. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to repeal an Act creating the Joint Liberty County, City of Gum Branch, City of Midway, City of Riceboro, and City of Walthourville Fire Protection Facilities and Equipment Authority, approved April 5, 1994 (Ga. L. 1994, p. 4862); to provide for the assets and liabilities thereof; to provide for related matters; to provide a specific repealer; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jonesboro, City of; change corporate limits. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to provide a new charter for the City of Jonesboro, approved April 4, 1996 (Ga. L. 1996, p. 4056), as amended, so as to change the corporate limits of such municipality; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Bartow County; school district ad valorem tax; provide homestead exemption. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide a homestead exemption from Bartow County school district ad valorem taxes for educational purposes in the amount of 50 percent of the assessed value of the homestead for residents of that school district who are 65 years of age or older, in the amount of 75 percent of the assessed value of the homestead for residents of that school district who are 70 years of age or older, and in the amount of the full assessed value of the homestead for residents of that school district who are 80 years of age or older; to provide for applicability; to provide for a referendum, effective dates, and automatic repeal; to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Fulton County; board of elections and registration; revise manner of appointment of chairperson. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to create a board of elections and registration for Fulton County, Georgia, approved March 30, 1989 (Ga. L. 1989, p. 4577), as amended, so as to revise the manner of appointment of the chairperson of the board; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Richmond Hill, City of; Redevelopment Powers Law; provide for a referendum. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to authorize the City of Richmond Hill to exercise all redevelopment and other powers under Article IX, Section II, Paragraph VII(b) of the Constitution and Chapter 44 of Title 36 of the O.C.G.A., the "Redevelopment Powers Law," as amended; to provide for a referendum; to provide effective dates; to provide for automatic repeal under certain circumstances; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Norcross, City of; change corporate limits. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating a new charter for the City of Norcross, Georgia, approved March 28, 1990 (Ga. L. 1990, p. 4934), as amended, particularly by an Act approved May 12, 2011 (Ga. L. 2011, p. 4036), and an Act approved April 11, 2012 (Ga. L. 2012, p. 4917), so as to change the corporate limits of the City of Norcross; to redesignate a subsection; to provide for related matters; to provide for a referendum; to provide for contingent effective dates and automatic repeal; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Judicial Retirement System; membership for certain persons employed in certain full time positions requiring admission to the State Bar of Georgia as a condition of employment; require. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 23 of Title 47 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the Georgia Judicial Retirement System, so as to require membership in the system for certain persons employed in certain full-time positions requiring admission to the State Bar of Georgia as a condition of employment; to provide for an election for such current employees; to provide for transfer of funds; to provide for transfer of membership service; to provide for all other individuals employed by a new court; to modify provisions related to salary; to provide for related matters; to provide conditions for an effective date and automatic repeal; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Judicial Retirement System; membership for certain persons employed in certain full-time positions requiring admission to the State Bar of Georgia as a condition of employment; require. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 23 of Title 47 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the Georgia Judicial Retirement System, so as to require membership in the system for certain persons employed in certain full-time positions requiring admission to the State Bar of Georgia as a condition of employment; to provide for an election for such current employees; to provide for transfer of funds; to require payment of actuarial costs; to provide for transfer of membership service; to provide for related matters; to provide conditions for an effective date and automatic repeal; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: City of Locust Grove Community Improvement Districts Act; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide for the creation of one or more community improvement districts in the City of Locust Grove; to provide for the dissolution and reactivation of districts under certain conditions; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Macon-Bibb County; levy an excise tax. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to authorize the governing authority of Macon-Bibb County to levy an excise tax pursuant to subsection (b) of Code Section 48-13-51 of the O.C.G.A.; to provide procedures, conditions, and limitations; to provide for related matters; to repeal specific Acts; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Richmond County; Probate Court; change compensation of judge. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act establishing the compensation of certain officials in Richmond County, approved April 12, 1982 (Ga. L. 1982, p. 3941), as amended, particularly by an Act approved February 4, 2002 (Ga. L. 2002, p. 3505), so as to change the compensation of the judge of the probate court; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Camden County Public Service Authority; revise a term; provide for composition. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to create the Camden County Public Service Authority, approved March 30, 1990 (Ga. L. 1990, p. 4273), as amended, so as to revise a definition; to provide for the composition of the Authority; to provide for an annual certified audit; to provide for related matters; to provide for a referendum; to provide for contingent effective dates and automatic repeal; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Camden County Spaceport Authority Act; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to create the Camden County Spaceport Authority; to provide for a short title; to confer powers and impose duties on the authority; to provide for the membership and the appointment of members of the authority and their terms of office, qualifications, duties, powers, and compensation; to provide for vacancies, organization, meetings, and expenses; to prohibit authority employees and members from having certain interests; to provide for definitions; to provide for venue and jurisdiction; to provide for authority purpose; to provide for charges; to provide for rules and regulations; to provide for tort immunity; to provide for liberal construction; to provide related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Saint Marys Airport Authority; repeal Act. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to repeal an Act creating and establishing the Saint Marys Airport Authority, approved March 4, 1964 (Ga. L. 1964, p. 2438), as amended by an Act approved April 11, 1979 (Ga. L. 1979, p. 3278); to provide for the assets and liabilities thereof; to provide for related matters; to provide a specific repealer; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Cartersville, City of; independent school district ad valorem tax; provide homestead exemption. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide a homestead exemption from City of Cartersville independent school district ad valorem taxes for educational purposes in the amount of 50 percent of the assessed value of the homestead for residents of that school district who are 65 years of age or older, in the amount of 75 percent of the assessed value of the homestead for residents of that school district who are 70 years of age or older, and in the amount of the full assessed value of the homestead for residents of that school district who are 80 years of age or older; to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to provide for a referendum, effective dates, and automatic repeal; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Fort Valley Utility Commission; provide for establishment and powers. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing a new charter for the City of Fort Valley, approved August 22, 1907 (Ga. L. 1907, p. 651), as amended, so as to provide for the establishment and powers of the Fort Valley Utility Commission; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Fort Valley, City of; remove a certain geographical area from corporate limits. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to extend the limits of the City of Fort Valley and for other purposes, approved August 17, 1925 (Ga. L. 1925, p. 1063), so as to remove a certain geographical area from the corporate limits of said city; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Covington, City of; term limits for the governing authority of such municipality; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to incorporate and to grant a new charter to the City of Covington, approved January 30, 1962 (Ga. L. 1962, p. 2003), as amended, particularly by an Act approved April 18, 1967 (Ga. L. 1967, p. 3157), so as to provide for term limits for the governing authority of such municipality; to provide for a referendum; to provide for contingent effective dates; to provide for automatic repeal under certain circumstances; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Henry County Governmental Services Authority; purpose of the authority to include providing stormwater facilities and undertakings as defined by the Revenue Bond Law; expand. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to create the Henry County Governmental Services Authority, approved May 6, 2005 (Ga. L. 2005, p. 4014), as amended, particularly by an Act approved April 20, 2011 (Ga. L. 2011, p. 3722), so as to expand the purpose of the authority to include providing stormwater facilities and undertakings as defined by the Revenue Bond Law; to provide for definitions; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Buildings and housing; agricultural structures from permitting fees; exempt. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 8 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to buildings and housing, so as to exempt agricultural structures from permitting fees; to provide for a definition; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: DeKalb County; clerk of the Superior Court; require that tax parcel identification number information be included on documents recorded in the real property records. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide for the clerk of the Superior Court of DeKalb County to require that tax parcel identification number information be included on documents recorded in the real property records of said clerk; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Brookhaven, City of; increase term limit of mayor. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to incorporate the City of Brookhaven in DeKalb County, approved April 16, 2012 (Ga. L. 2012, p. 5527), as amended, so as to increase the term limit of the mayor; to repeal expired provisions related to election of mayor and councilmembers during the first four years of the city's existence; to provide for the filling of vacancies in the offices of mayor and councilmembers of more than 12 months; to provide for the filling of vacancies in the offices of mayor and councilmembers of less than 12 months; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Forsyth County Community Improvement Districts Act; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide for the creation of one or more community improvement districts in Forsyth County; to provide for the dissolution and reactivation of districts under certain conditions; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Alamo, City of; provide for incorporation, boundaries, and powers. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to provide a new charter for the City of Alamo, approved May 18, 2007 (Ga. L. 2007, p. 3964), so as to provide for incorporation, boundaries, and powers of the city; to provide for other matters relative to the foregoing; to provide an effective date; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Covington, City of; provide new charter. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide a new charter for the City of Covington; to provide for incorporation; to provide for other matters relative to the foregoing; to provide for term limits; to provide a specific repealer; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Oconee County; levy an excise tax. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to authorize the governing authority of Oconee County to levy an excise tax pursuant to subsection (b) of Code Section 48-13-51 of the O.C.G.A.; to provide procedures, conditions, and limitations; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Insurance; carriers issuing a health benefit plan in this state through an agent shall file proposed commission rates with the department; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 33-24-59.23 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to carrier issuing health benefit plans to pay insurance agent's commissions and regulation authority, so as to provide that carriers issuing a health benefit plan in this state through an agent shall file proposed commission rates with the department; to provide that carriers that do not pay commission during special enrollments shall upon policy renewals pay such commission along with renewal commission; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Crimes and offenses; modernization of HIV related laws; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 16 of the O.C.G.A., relating to crimes and offenses, so as to provide for the modernization of HIV related laws to align with science to ensure that laws and policies support current understanding of best public health practices for preventing and treating HIV, scientific evidence about routes of transmission, and the public health goals of promoting HIV prevention and treatment; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Criminal procedure; term of probation shall follow the mandatory term of imprisonment for persons convicted of a sexual offense; clarify. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 1 of Chapter 10 of Title 17 of the O.C.G.A., relating to procedure for sentencing and imposition of punishment, so as to clarify that a term of probation shall follow the mandatory term of imprisonment for persons convicted of a sexual offense; to amend Title 42 of the O.C.G.A.d, relating to penal institutions, so as to make conforming changes;to amend Code Section 16-7-29 of the O.C.G.A., relating to interference with electronic monitoring devices, "electronic monitoring device" defined, and penalty, so as to revise a cross-reference; to provide for a response to Park v. State, 2019 Ga. LEXIS 138 (March 4, 2019); to provide for related matters; to provide for applicability; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cobb County; State Court; change compensation of judges. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating the State Court of Cobb County, approved March 26, 1964 (Ga. L. 1964, p. 3211), as amended, particularly by an Act approved May 2, 2017 (Ga. L. 2017, p. 3677), so as to change the compensation of judges of the State Court of Cobb County; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Education; loan forgiveness program for teachers who agree to teach in a turnaround school in a high demand subject area; establish. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 7 of Chapter 3 of Title 20 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to scholarships, loans, and grants for postsecondary education, so as to establish a loan forgiveness program for teachers who agree to teach in a turnaround school in a high demand subject area; to provide for requirements for participation; to provide for payment; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Henderson, Colonel Eddie; 36-year career with DNR Law Enforcement in service to the citizens of the State of Georgia; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Colonel Eddie Henderson on his 36-year career with DNR Law Enforcement in service to the citizens of the State of Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Professions and businesses; national background checks by FBI through Georgia Crime Information Center for licensing to practice as a physical therapist or physical therapist assistant; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 1 of Chapter 33 of Title 43 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to general provisions regarding physical therapists, so as to provide for national background checks by the submission of fingerprints to the Federal Bureau of Investigation through the Georgia Crime Information Center for licensing to practice as a physical therapist or physical therapist assistant; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Franklin, City of; levy an excise tax. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to authorize the governing authority of the City of Franklin to levy an excise tax pursuant to subsection (b) of Code Section 48-13-51 of the O.C.G.A.; to provide for procedures, conditions, and limitations; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Charter schools; local boards of education shall provide itemized allotment sheets for the upcoming fiscal year by July 1 of each year; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 20-2-2068.1 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to charter school funding, so as to provide that local boards of education shall provide local charter schools with itemized allotment sheets for the upcoming fiscal year by July 1 of each year; to provide that when a local board of education determines that an adjustment to the allocation for a local charter school is necessary, the local board of education shall provide the local charter school with 30 days' notice before the allocation is adjusted, provide an amended itemized allotment sheet to the local charter school, and publish the amended itemized allotment sheet in a prominent location on its website; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Motor Carrier Act of 2012; consideration of the deployment of motor carrier safety improvements in determining an individual's employment status with a motor carrier; prohibit. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Part 1 of Article 3 of Chapter 1 of Title 40 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the "Georgia Motor Carrier Act of 2012," so as to prohibit the consideration of the deployment of motor carrier safety improvements in determining an individual's employment status with a motor carrier; to provide for a definition; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Controlled substances; Schedule IV; change certain provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 13 of Title 16 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to controlled substances, so as to change certain provisions relating to Schedule IV controlled substances; to change certain provisions relating to the definition of dangerous drug; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Public utilities and public transportation; eliminate percentage limitation as to the amount of the investments an electric membership corporation may make and maintain in a gas affiliate. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 46 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to public utilities and public transportation, so as to eliminate the percentage limitation as to the amount of the investments an electric membership corporation may make and maintain in a gas affiliate; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: House Rural Development Council; reauthorize. Description: A RESOLUTION reauthorizing the House Rural Development Council; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Courts; increase in the minimum compensation for chief magistrates; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 15 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to courts, so as to provide for an increase in the minimum compensation for chief magistrates; to provide for the calculation of future increases in the minimum compensation for chief magistrates; to provide for an increase in the minimum compensation for other magistrates; to provide for an increase in the minimum compensation for clerks of magistrate courts; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Farm Bureau Federation Day at the state capitol; February 12, 2019; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 12, 2019, as Georgia Farm Bureau Federation Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Community Affairs, Department of; consider amending the state minimum standard codes to allow tall mass timber construction types; direct. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 2 of Title 8 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to standards and requirements for construction, alteration, etc., of buildings and other structures, so as to direct the Department of Community Affairs to undertake a review of the 2021 edition of the International Building Code so as to consider amending the state minimum standard codes to allow tall mass timber construction types; to provide a date by which said review is to be completed; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Alternative ad valorem tax; motor vehicles; revise distribution of the proceeds of such taxes among local governments. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 5C of Title 48 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to alternative ad valorem taxes on motor vehicles, so as to revise the distribution of the proceeds of such taxes among local governments; to provide for related matters; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: State Properties Commission; use an opinion of value in the valuation of state property where a conveyance of the property by the state is for the sole and direct benefit to the state; allow. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 50-16-34 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to powers and duties of State Properties Commission generally, so as to allow the commission to use an opinion of value in the valuation of state property where a conveyance of the property by the state is for the sole and direct benefit to the state; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Financial institutions; clarify and remove superfluous language; provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 1 of Title 7 of the O.C.G.A., relating to financial institutions, so as to clarify and remove superfluous language; to reduce the number of days for certain cease and desist orders to become final; to repeal Code Section 7-1-1003.1, relating to physical place of business; to eliminate the notification requirement for a change in ultimate equitable owner of mortgage brokers or mortgage lenders; to change advertising content requirements for mortgage lenders and mortgage brokers; to reduce the number of days for the process related to bond cancellation notice; to amend Chapter 6A of Title 7 of the O.C.G.A., relating to the Georgia Fair Lending Act, so as to update citations to federal regulations; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Student Athlete Advisory Council (SAAC); commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Student Athlete Advisory Council (SAAC); and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Superior courts; additional judge of the Flint Judicial Circuit; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 15-6-2 of the O.C.G.A., relating to the number of judges of superior courts, so as to provide for an additional judge of the superior courts of the Flint Judicial Circuit; to provide for the appointment of such additional judge by the Governor; to provide for related matters; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Insurance; creation of a surprise bill rating system based upon the number of certain physician specialty groups contracted with a hospital within a health insurer's network; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 20C of Title 33 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to accurate provider directories, so as to provide for the creation of a surprise bill rating system based upon the number of certain physician specialty groups contracted with a hospital within a health insurer's network; to provide for definitions; to provide for a requirement that insurers include hospital surprise bill ratings online and in print provider directories; to provide for a requirement that each insurer that advertises any hospital as in-network shall disclose such hospital's surprise bill rating within such advertisement; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Pharmacists; dispense up to a 90 day supply of a maintenance medication under certain conditions; authorize. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 26-4-80 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to license required for practice of pharmacy, dispensing prescription drugs, prescription drug orders, electronically transmitting drug orders, refills, and Schedule II controlled substance prescriptions, so as to authorize a pharmacist to dispense up to a 90 day supply of a maintenance medication under certain conditions; to provide for exceptions; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Supplemental appropriations; State Fiscal Year July 1, 2019 - June 30, 2020. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act making and providing appropriations for the State Fiscal Year beginning July 1, 2019, and ending June 30, 2020, known as the "General Appropriations Act," Act No. 319, approved May 10, 2019, so as to make, provide, and change certain appropriations for the operation of the State government and its departments, boards, bureaus, commissions, institutions, and other agencies, for the university system, common schools, counties, municipalities, and political subdivisions, for all other governmental activities, projects, and undertakings authorized by law, and for all leases, contracts, agreements, and grants authorized by law; to provide for the control and administration of funds; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: General appropriations; State Fiscal Year July 1, 2020 - June 30, 2021. Description: A BILL to be entitled an act to make and provide appropriations for the State Fiscal Year beginning July 1, 2020, and ending June 30, 2021; to make and provide such appropriations for the operation of the state government and its departments, boards, bureaus, commissions, institutions, and other agencies, for the university system, common schools, counties, municipalities, and political subdivisions, for all other governmental activities, projects, and undertakings authorized by law, and for all leases, contracts, agreements, and grants authorized by law; to provide for the control and administration of funds; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Motor vehicles; prohibition regarding eligibility of certain violators to receive early reinstatement of their driver's licenses and limited driving permits; repeal. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 3A of Chapter 5 of Title 40 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to suspension of license for being in control of a moving vehicle under the influence of a controlled substance or marijuana, so as to repeal a prohibition regarding the eligibility of certain violators to receive early reinstatement of their driver's licenses and limited driving permits; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: David, Thomas Lee "T.D."; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Thomas Lee "T.D." David; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Calhoun County; Board of Education; modify compensation of members. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing for the compensation and expense of the members of the Board of Education of Calhoun County, approved April 1, 1996 (Ga. L. 1996, p. 3838), so as to modify the compensation of the members of the board of education; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Early County; school district ad valorem tax; residents 66 years of age or older; provide homestead exemption. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide a homestead exemption from Early County school district ad valorem taxes for educational purposes for the full amount of the assessed value of the homestead for residents of that school district who are 66 years of age or older; to provide for definitions; to specify the terms and conditions of the exemption and the procedures relating thereto; to provide for related matters; to provide for applicability; to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to provide for a referendum, effective dates, and automatic repeal; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Revenue and taxation; allow businesses to provide affidavits of certified public accountants in lieu of tax returns. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 48-13-14 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to levy on business or practitioner with location or office in more than one jurisdiction, methods of allocating gross receipts, information provided by business or practitioner, and limits on levies by local governments using criteria for taxation, so as to allow businesses and practitioners to provide affidavits of certified public accountants in lieu of tax returns; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Alternative ad valorem tax; motor vehicles; revise a definition. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 5C of Title 48 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to alternative ad valorem taxes on motor vehicles, so as to revise a definition; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Sales and use tax; local authorities providing public water or sewer service; exempt. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 8 of Title 48 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to sales and use taxes, so as to exempt from taxation local authorities providing public water or sewer service; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Professions and businesses; chiropractors may own professional corporations with physicians; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 14-7-4 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to professional services in which a professional corporation may engage, so as to provide that chiropractors may own professional corporations with physicians; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Columbia County; board of education; modify compensation of members. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing for the election of the members of the board of education of Columbia County, approved March 21, 1968 (Ga. L. 1968, p. 2708), as amended, particularly by an Act approved April 19, 2000 (Ga. L. 2000, p. 4274), so as to modify the compensation of the members of the board of education; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Motor vehicles; veterans' license to any person who is a United States citizen and resident of this state who served in the military for an ally of the United States during a time of war or other conflict; authorize issuance. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 2 of Chapter 5 of Title 40 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to issuance, expiration, and renewal of licenses, so as to authorize the issuance of veterans' licenses to any person who is a United States citizen and resident of this state who served in the military for an ally of the United States during a time of war or other conflict; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Transportation, Department of; state investment in railways and railroad facilities and equipment; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 3 of Chapter 2 of Title 32 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to officers in the Department of Transportation, so as to provide for state investment in railways and railroad facilities and equipment; to provide for a definition; to provide that the commissioner of transportation may administer a Georgia Freight Railroad Program; to provide for subprograms within such program; to provide for annual reporting; to provide for standards for expenditure of funds; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Retirement and pensions; granting postretirement benefit adjustments to certain individuals; provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 47 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to retirement and pensions, so as to remove the prohibition of granting postretirement benefit adjustments to any individual who became a member on or after July 1, 2009, of the Employees' Retirement System of Georgia, the Georgia Legislative Retirement System, or the Georgia Judicial Retirement System; to allow for the possibility of such adjustments for such members granted on or after July 1, 2020; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bartow County; Board of Education; change description of districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing for the Board of Education of Bartow County, approved March 30, 1987 (Ga. L. 1987, p. 4915), as amended, particularly by an Act approved April 5, 2012 (Ga. L. 2012, p. 4818), so as to change the description of the education districts; to provide for definitions and inclusions; to provide for continuation in office of current members; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Crimes and offenses; lifetime disqualification from operating a commercial motor vehicle by persons convicted of trafficking other persons for labor or sexual servitude; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Sections 16-5-46 and 40-5-151 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to trafficking of persons for labor or sexual servitude and disqualification from driving a commercial motor vehicle and action required after suspending, revoking, or canceling license or nonresident privileges, respectively, so as to provide for a lifetime disqualification from operating a commercial motor vehicle by persons convicted of trafficking other persons for labor or sexual servitude while using a commercial motor vehicle; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date and applicability; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Barrow County; Board of Education; modify compensation of members. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing authority for members of the Board of Education of Barrow County, approved April 10, 1971 (Ga. L. 1971, p. 3919), as amended, particularly by an Act approved January 29, 1988 (Ga. L. 1988, p. 3501), so as to modify the compensation of the members of the board of education; to repeal expired transitional provisions; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Meigs, City of; elections and terms of office; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to provide for a new charter for the City of Meigs in Thomas County, Georgia, and Mitchell County, Georgia, approved April 30, 2019 (Ga. L. 2019, p. 3695), so as to provide for elections and terms of office; to eliminate one council post in the city; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Local school district tax; authorize assessment of residential homesteaded property owned by individuals of 65 years of age or older at 20 percent of its fair market value; provide for local referenda. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 48-5-7 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to assessment of tangible property, so as to provide for local referenda to authorize assessment of residential homesteaded property owned by individuals who are 65 years of age or older at 20 percent of its fair market value regarding local school district taxes for educational purposes; to provide for a contingent effective date; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Retirement and pensions; increase percentage of eligible large retirement system's assets that may be invested in alternative investments. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 47-20-87 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to eligible large retirement systems authorized to invest in certain alternative investments, so as to increase the percentage of an eligible large retirement system's assets that may be invested in alternative investments; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cook County; Probate Court; charge technology fee. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to authorize the assessment and collection of a technology fee by the Probate Court of Cook County; to identify the authorized uses of said technology fee; to provide for the termination of said technology fee and dedication of residual funds to technology uses; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Waters, ports, and watercraft; promulgate rules and regulations regarding long-term anchoring; authorize. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 52 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to waters of the state, ports, and watercraft, so as to authorize the department to promulgate rules and regulations regarding long-term anchoring; to revise definitions; to establish anchorage restriction areas; to allow for operation and flotation of live-aboard vessels with marine sanitation devices within estuarine areas of the state; to remove record-keeping requirements; to provide for an effective date; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Law enforcement officers and agencies; Office of Public Safety Officer Support; change the name. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 24-5-510 and Article 8 of Chapter 2 of Title 35 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to privileged communications between law enforcement officers and peer counselors and Office of Public Safety Officer Support, respectively, so as to change the name of the Office of Public Safety Officer Support; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bartow County; ad valorem tax for county purposes; increase homestead exemption. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to provide a homestead exemption from certain Bartow County ad valorem taxes for county purposes in the amount of $5,000.00 of the assessed value of the homestead for certain residents of that county, approved March 24, 1994 (Ga. L. 1994, p. 4058), so as to increase the amount of such homestead exemption to $10,000.00; to provide for related matters; to provide for a referendum, effective dates, and automatic repeal; to provide for applicability; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Gracie's Law; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 1 of Title 31 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to general provisions regarding health, so as to prohibit providers from discriminating against potential organ transplant recipients due solely to the physical or mental disability of the potential recipient; to amend Chapter 24 of Title 33 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to insurance generally, so as to prohibit health insurers from discriminating against potential organ transplant recipients due solely to the physical or mental disability of the potential recipient; to provide for a short title; to provide for legislative findings; to provide for applicability; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Revenue and taxation; interest paid on refunds of overpayments of taxes and past due taxes shall be equal to the bank prime loan rate; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 48 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to revenue and taxation, so as to provide that interest paid on refunds of overpayments of taxes and past due taxes shall be equal to the bank prime loan rate; to allow political subdivisions to make an election related repayment of certain final refund amounts being made over a period of time; to require the Department of Revenue to establish and maintain a direct pay permit program that permits a qualified taxpayer to accrue and pay directly to the department certain state and local sales and use taxes; to provide definitions; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date and applicability; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hemp farming; definitions, penalties and criminal background checks; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 23 of Title 2 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to hemp farming, so as to provide definitions; to provide for penalties; to provide for criminal background checks; to provide for compliance with federal laws and regulations; to provide for hemp nursery licensees; to provide for license and permit fees; to provide for testing of hemp samples; to provide for destruction of noncompliant hemp; to provide for violations of the state hemp plan; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: State government; provide the Department of Administrative Services additional options when disposing of surplus property in the best interest of the state; change certain definitions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 4 of Chapter 5 of Title 50 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to disposition of surplus property, so as to change certain definitions to provide the Department of Administrative Services additional options when disposing of surplus property in the best interest of the state; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Local government; battery charged fences; provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 60 of Title 36 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to general provisions applicable to counties and municipal corporations, so as to define battery charged fence; to provide for minimum standards of such fences; to prohibit additional permitting or regulation of battery charged fences by counties and municipal corporations; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: State Board of Education; determine eligibility criteria for foster care students to receive special education and related services; provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Part 3 of Article 6 of Chapter 2 of Title 20 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to educational programs, so as to direct the State Board of Education to determine eligibility criteria for foster care students to receive special education and related services; to require the Department of Education to provide guidance to local school systems; to require local school systems to immediately determine whether to initiate the initial evaluation process for newly enrolled foster care students; to require the State Board of Education to develop rules and regulations; to provide for definitions; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Conservation and natural resources; burning of certain chemically treated wood products for purposes of commercial energy generation; prohibit. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 9 of Title 12 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to prevention and control of air pollution, so as to prohibit the burning of certain chemically treated wood products for purposes of commercial energy generation; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Motor vehicles; tinting of windows or windshields; provide maximum monetary penalty. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 40-8-73.1 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to tinting of windows or windshields, so as to provide for a maximum monetary penalty; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Putnam County; nonbinding advisory referendum; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide for a nonbinding advisory referendum for the purpose of ascertaining whether the electors of Putnam County desire the Putnam County Board of Commissioners to levy an ad valorem tax for the purpose of retirement of debt incurred by the Putnam County Hospital Authority; to provide for legislative purposes and findings; to provide for procedures and requirements relating thereto; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Motor vehicles; commercial carriers; amend certain definitions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 1 of Title 40 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to identification and regulation of motor vehicles, so as to amend certain definitions relating to commercial carriers; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Wills, trusts, and administration of estates; Revised Probate Code of 1998; revise and update provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 53 of the O.C.G.A., relating to wills, trusts, and administration of estates; to amend Part 12 of Article 1 of Chapter 1 of Title 7 of the O.C.G.A., relating to deposits of deceased depositors; to amend Title 9 of the O.C.G.A., relating to civil practice; to amend Title 10 of the O.C.G.A., relating to commerce and trade; to amend Article 2 of Chapter 5 of Title 13 of the O.C.G.A., relating to statute of frauds; to amend Chapter 9 of Title 15 of the O.C.G.A., relating to probate courts; to amend Title 19 of the O.C.G.A., relating to domestic relations; to amend Article 3 of Chapter 2 of Title 23 of the O.C.G.A., relating to fraud; to amend Chapter 27 of Title 50 of the O.C.G.A., relating to lottery for education; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Clayton County Water Authority; provide corporate powers and purposes. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating the Clayton County Water Authority, approved March 7, 1955 (Ga. L. 1955, p. 3344), as amended, particularly by an Act approved April 13, 2001 (Ga. L. 2001, p. 4325), so as to provide that said authority is a body corporate and politic, a political subdivision of the state, and a public corporation; to provide corporate powers and purposes; to provide for sovereign immunity; to provide exemption for certain liabilities; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jasper County Public Facilities Authority Act; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to create the Jasper County Public Facilities Authority; to provide for the appointment of members of the authority; to provide for related matters; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Clayton County; Magistrate Court; impose and collect county law library fees. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to authorize the Magistrate Court of Clayton County to impose and collect county law library fees as part of the court costs in the magistrate court; to provide for practices and procedures connected therewith; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Butts County; joint county-municipal board of elections; prohibit persons employed by certain local governments from being eligible to serve on the board for a designated period of time following their government employment. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to create a joint county-municipal board of elections and registration for Butts County, approved May 11, 2009 (Ga. L. 2009, p. 3908), so as to prohibit persons employed by certain local governments from being eligible to serve on the board for a designated period of time following their government employment; to clarify the procedures for a member of the board to resign; to change the title of the election supervisor to election director; to provide that employees of the board are county employees with the same obligations and benefits as other county employees; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Butts County; levy an excise tax. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to authorize the governing authority of Butts County to levy an excise tax pursuant to subsection (b) of Code Section 48-13-51 of the O.C.G.A.; to provide for procedures, conditions, and limitations; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Carroll County Water Authority; increase annual compensation cap for members. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to create the Carroll County Water Authority, approved April 6, 1967 (Ga. L. 1967, p. 2861), as amended, particularly by an Act approved March 21, 1968 (Ga. L. 1968, p. 2368), an Act approved March 27, 1972 (Ga. L. 1972, p. 2655), an Act approved March 27, 1995 (Ga. L. 1995, p. 3606), and an Act approved April 13, 2001 (Ga. L. 2001, p. 4380), so as to increase the annual compensation cap for authority members; to revise certain definitions; to bring antiquated provisions related to revenue bonds in line with current state revenue bond laws; to increase the maximum allowable interest rate on revenue bonds issued by the authority; to authorize certain out-of-state transactions; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Greene County Airport Authority; provide procedures for inactivation and reactivation. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to create the Greene County Airport Authority, approved March 13, 1978, (Ga. L. 1978, p. 3223), as amended, so as to provide procedures for the inactivation and reactivation of said authority; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Motor vehicles; standards for issuance of a Georgia certificate of title for certain motor vehicles; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 40 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to motor vehicles and traffic, so as to provide for standards for issuance of a Georgia certificate of title for certain motor vehicles converted from original manufacturer condition in order to comply with certain state and federal requirements; to provide for exceptions to certain federal standards for such motor vehicles; to provide for definitions; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Alcoholic beverages; legislative intent of the General Assembly to exercise strict regulatory control over the three-tier system; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 1 of Chapter 3 of Title 3 of the O.C.G.A., relating to provisions regarding the regulation of alcoholic beverages generally, so as to provide for the legislative intent of the General Assembly to exercise strict regulatory control over the three-tier system; to provide for penalties; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Domestic relations; provisions relating to safe places for newborns; revise. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 19 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to domestic relations, so as to revise provisions relating to safe places for newborns; to authorize a newborn child to be left with an ambulance service or in a newborn safety incubator; to provide for definitions; to provide for limited liability; to provide for posting of signs on ambulance service vehicles; to provide for rules and regulations governing newborn safety incubators; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: CASA in Georgia on CASA Day at the state capitol; honor. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring CASA in Georgia on CASA Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Sales and use tax; exemption for the sale of food and food ingredients to qualified food banks; eliminate sunset period. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 1 of Chapter 8 of Title 48 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to general provisions regarding the state sales and use tax, so as to eliminate the sunset period for the exemption from state and certain local sales and use taxes for the sale of food and food ingredients to qualified food banks and for the use of food and food ingredients donated to qualified nonprofit agencies; to expand the exemption for the use of food and food ingredients donated to qualified nonprofit agencies to include disaster relief; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Tifton, City of; levy an excise tax. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to authorize the governing authority of the City of Tifton to levy an excise tax pursuant to subsection (b) of Code Section 48-13-51 of the O.C.G.A.; to provide procedures, conditions, and limitations; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Penal institutions; certain information within inmate files of the Department of Corrections shall not be classified as confidential state secrets when requested by the district attorney; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 42-5-36 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to confidentiality of information supplied by inmates, penalties for breach, classified nature of department investigation reports, confidentiality of certain identifying information, and custodians of records, so as to provide that certain information within inmate files of the Department of Corrections shall not be classified as confidential state secrets when requested by the district attorney for purposes of responding to proposed actions of the State Board of Pardons and Paroles; to provide for an exception; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Animals; veterinarians or veterinary technicians that provide treatment to animals to scan such animals' microchips and to report ownership information under certain circumstances; require. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 1 of Chapter 11 of Title 4 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to general provisions regarding animal protection, so as to require veterinarians or veterinary technicians that provide treatment to animals to scan such animals' microchips and to report ownership information under certain circumstances; to allow such professionals to appear and testify regarding the ownership and treatment of such animals; to provide such professionals with immunity; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Surprise Billing Consumer Protection Act; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 33 of the O.C.G.A., relating to insurance, so as to provide for certain consumer protections against surprise billing; to provide for a short title; to provide for applicability; to provide for definitions; to provide mechanisms to resolve payment disputes between insurers and out-of-network providers regarding the provision of healthcare services; to require the department to provide for the maintenance of an all-payer health claims data base; to provide for in-network cost-sharing amounts in healthcare plan contracts; to establish an arbitration process; to require the Commissioner of Insurance to contract with one or more resolution organizations; to require the promulgation of department rules; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Toombs County Public Facilities Authority Act; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to create the Toombs County Public Facilities Authority and to provide for the appointment of members of the authority; to confer powers upon the authority; to provide for purpose and scope of operations of the authority; to provide for definitions; to authorize the issuance of revenue bonds of the authority; to fix and provide the venue and jurisdiction of actions relating to any provisions of this Act; to provide for monies received and trust funds; to provide for tort immunity; to provide for tax exemption, rates, charges, and revenues; to provide for effect on other governments; to provide for construction of act and severability; to provide for a short title; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dental College of Georgia at Augusta University; occasion of its 50th anniversary; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Dental College of Georgia at Augusta University on the occasion of its 50th anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Special Insurance Fraud Fund; frequency of assessments; reduce. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 33-1-17 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the Special Insurance Fraud Fund, so as to reduce the frequency of assessments; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Seed Development Commission; stagger terms of members. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 2-4-3 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to Seed Development Commission composition, officers, bylaws, quorum, compensation, records, audit, and bonds, so as to stagger the terms of commission members; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: State Forestry Commission; create a standing timber notification website; require. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 12-6-24 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to notice of timber harvesting operations, so as to require the State Forestry Commission to create a standing timber notification website; to provide for promulgation of rules and regulations; to change surety bond and letter of credit requirements; to provide for claims against bonds; to provide for appeals of such claims; to provide for replacement bonds; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Special license plates; logo design issued to support breast cancer related programs; amend. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 40-2-86 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to special license plates promoting or supporting certain worthy agencies, funds, or nonprofit corporations with proceeds disbursed to the general fund and the agency, fund, or nonprofit corporation, so as to amend the logo design for special license plates issued to support breast cancer related programs; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia's Day of Remembrance of the Armenian Genocide of 1915-1923; March 12, 2019; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the world-wide victims of genocide and recognizing March 12, 2019, as Georgia's Day of Remembrance of the Armenian Genocide of 1915-1923; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Environmental Finance Authority; power to make loan commitments and loans to local governments and nongovernment agencies for projects that permanently protect land and water; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Part 1 of Article 1 of Chapter 23 of Title 50 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to general provisions regarding the Georgia Environmental Finance Authority, so as to provide for the power to make loan commitments and loans to local governments and nongovernment agencies for projects that permanently protect land and water; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Motor vehicles; issuance of a traffic citation to a vehicle owner in lieu of the individual operating the motor vehicle in certain instances; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 40 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to motor vehicles and traffic, so as to provide for the issuance of a traffic citation to a vehicle owner in lieu of the individual operating the motor vehicle in certain instances; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Heritage Trust Program; condition the method utilized for conveyance of heritage preserve property on the property's amount of acreage. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Part 2 of Article 3 of Chapter 3 of Title 12 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the Heritage Trust Program, so as to condition the method utilized for conveyance of heritage preserve property on the property's amount of acreage; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Military; additional time period of service in the definition of "war veteran"; include. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Part 2 of Article 2 of Chapter 4 of Title 38 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the war veterans home, so as to include an additional time period of service in the definition of "war veteran"; to provide for related matters; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Crimes and offenses; offenses of improper sexual conduct by a foster parent in the first and second degrees; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 6 of Title 16, Article 2 of Chapter 3 of Title 35, Article 3 of Chapter 5 of Title 42, and Article 1 of Chapter 2 of Title 49 of the O.C.G.A., relating to sexual offenses, the Georgia Crime Information Center, conditions of detention generally, and general provisions regarding the Department of Human Services, respectively, so as to provide for the offenses of improper sexual conduct by a foster parent in the first and second degrees; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Social services; authorize foster parents to arrange for short-term babysitting. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 5 of Title 49 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to programs and protection for children and youth, so as to authorize foster parents to arrange for short-term babysitting; to provide for definitions; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Domestic relations; protection of children; strengthen, clarify, and update provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 19 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to domestic relations, so as to strengthen, clarify, and update provisions relating to the protection of children, including foster children and adopted children; to allow for notice by certified mail in certain adoption proceedings; to revise a provision relating to the results of a search of the putative father registry; to revise provisions relating to appointment of an agent for a petitioner; to revise provisions relating to required criminal history records checks of petitioners; to revise provisions relating to petitioners who are nonresidents of Georgia; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Professions and businesses; military spouses licensed in other states to practice certain professions and occupations in this state; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 43 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to professions and businesses, so as to provide for military spouses licensed in other states to practice certain professions and occupations to obtain a license by endorsement to practice in this state; to provide for definitions; to provide for conforming amendments; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Pharmacies; various provisions relating to the practice of pharmacy; revise. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 6 of Chapter 4 of Title 26 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to pharmacies, so as to revise various provisions relating to the practice of pharmacy; to repeal provisions relating to required licensure as a pharmacy by pharmacy benefits managers engaging in the practice of pharmacy; to revise provisions relating to "The Pharmacy Audit Bill of Rights"; to revise pharmacy anti-steering provisions; to revise various provisions of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated so as to provide for conforming changes; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Whitfield County Board of Education; revise and restate the law. Description: A BILL To be entitled an Act to revise and restate the law relating to the Whitfield County Board of Education; to provide for the number of members of the board; to provide for eligibility, manner of election, and filling of vacancies; to provide for a chairperson; to provide for quorums; to repeal the amendment to the Constitution providing for the division of Whitfield County into school districts and for the election of members of the County Board of Education from such districts, which amendment was proposed by 1964 House Resolution No. 483-1200, Resolution Act No. 160 (Ga. L. 1964, p. 978), and was continued in force and effect by an Act approved February 27, 1987 (Ga. L. 1987, p. 3707); to provide for related matters; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Clinch County; Board of Education; modify compensation of members. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing for the compensation of the board of education of Clinch County, approved March 27, 1998 (Ga. L. 1998, p. 3943), so as to modify the compensation of the members of the board of education; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Habersham County; Board of Commissioners of Roads and Revenue; update procedures for filling vacancies. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to create a Board of Commissioners of Roads and Revenue for Habersham County, approved February 13, 1956 (Ga. L. 1956, p. 2077), as amended, so as to update the procedures for filling vacancies on the board of commissioners; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Air quality; reporting of any unpermitted release of ethylene oxide to the Environmental Protection Division of the Department of Natural Resources; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 1 of Chapter 9 of Title 12 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to air quality, so as to provide for the reporting of any unpermitted release of ethylene oxide to the Environmental Protection Division of the Department of Natural Resources; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Solid waste management; post-closure ground-water monitoring at closed coal combustion residual impoundments; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Part 1 of Article 2 of Chapter 8 of Title 12 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to general provisions relative to solid waste management, so as to provide for post-closure ground-water monitoring at closed coal combustion residual impoundments; to amend Part 3 of Article 2 of Chapter 7 of Title 16 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to criminal trespass and damage to property relative to waste control, so as to provide for a conforming cross-reference; to amend Part 1 of Article 3 of Chapter 8 of Title 48 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to county special purpose local option sales tax; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia's retirees and the Georgia State Retirees Association (GSRA); GSRA Day at the capitol; February 6, 2019; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring Georgia's retirees and the Georgia State Retirees Association (GSRA) and recognizing February 6, 2019, as GSRA Day at the capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Podiatry Practice Act; podiatric medicine and surgery; change certain provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 7 of Title 14 and Chapter 35 of Title 43 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to professional corporations and the "Georgia Podiatry Practice Act," respectively, so as to change certain provisions relating to podiatric medicine and surgery; to provide for Doctors of Podiatric Medicine to join professional corporations with Doctors of Medicine or Doctors of Osteopathy; to revise a definition; to revise provisions relating to eligibility for licensure as a Doctor of Podiatric Medicine; to provide authority for the State Board of Podiatry Examiners to conduct fingerprint based criminal background checks; to provide for procedures, liability, and confidentiality; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Troup County; school district ad valorem tax; increase homestead exemption. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to provide a homestead exemption from Troup County School District ad valorem taxes for educational purposes in the amount of $10,000.00 of the assessed value of the homestead for certain residents of that school district who have annual incomes not exceeding $22,000.00 and who are 65 years of age or over, approved March 24, 1994 (Ga. L. 1994, p. 3844), so as to increase the existing homestead exemption to $40,000.00 of the assessed value of the homestead; to increase the income cap to $40,000.00; to limit the exemption to the homestead and not more than two contiguous acres; to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to provide for a referendum, effective dates, and automatic repeal; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Local government; downtown development authorities; remove provision providing perpetual existence to such authorities. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 42 of Title 36 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to downtown development authorities, so as to remove a provision providing perpetual existence to such authorities; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Flowery Branch, City of; levy an excise tax. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to authorize the governing authority of the City of Flowery Branch to levy an excise tax pursuant to subsection (b) of Code Section 48-13-51 of the O.C.G.A.; to provide procedures, conditions, and limitations; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Oakwood, City of; levy an excise tax. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to authorize the governing authority of the City of Oakwood to levy an excise tax pursuant to subsection (b) of Code Section 48-13-51 of the O.C.G.A.; to provide procedures, conditions, and limitations; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Miller County; Board of Education; provide for the election of members by qualified electors within their respective districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act changing the method of selecting the members of the Board of Education of Miller County, approved March 21, 1968 (Ga. L. 1968, p. 2529), as amended, particularly by an Act approved May 8, 2018 (Ga. L. 2018, p. 4084), so as to provide for the election of members of the board of education by qualified electors within their respective districts; to provide for election districts; to provide for related matters; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Miller County; Board of Commissioners; provide for the election of members by qualified electors within their respective districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating a board of commissioners in and for Miller County, approved March 29, 1983 (Ga. L. 1983, p. 4594), as amended, particularly by an Act approved April 30, 2019, (Ga. L. 2019, p. 3799), so as to provide for the election of members of the board of commissioners by qualified electors within their respective districts; to provide for election districts; to provide for related matters; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Insurance; extensive revisions regarding pharmacy benefits managers; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 64 of Title 33 of the O.C.G.A., relating to regulation and licensure of pharmacy benefits managers, so as to provide extensive revisions regarding pharmacy benefits managers; to revise definitions; to revise provisions relating to license requirements and filing fees; to revise a provision regarding the prohibition on the practice of medicine by a pharmacy benefits manager; to provide additional authority for the Insurance Commissioner to regulate pharmacy benefits managers; to revise provisions relating to rebates from pharmaceutical manufacturers; to revise provisions relating to administration of claims; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date and applicability; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Community Health, Department of; engage an actuary to conduct a study of the fiscal impact of carving out pharmacy benefits from the state's current Medicaid care management organizations; require. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 7 of Chapter 4 of Title 49 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to Medicaid generally, so as to require the Department of Community Health to engage an actuary to conduct an actuarial study of the fiscal impact of carving out pharmacy benefits from the state's current Medicaid care management organizations; to provide for actions based on the results of the actuarial study; to provide for submission of a waiver if necessary; to provide for related matters; to provide for legislative findings; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Revenue and taxation; define "Internal Revenue Code" and "Internal Revenue Code of 1986" and thereby incorporate certain provisions of the federal law into Georgia law; define the terms. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 48 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to revenue and taxation, so as to define the terms "Internal Revenue Code" and "Internal Revenue Code of 1986" and thereby incorporate certain provisions of the federal law into Georgia law; to provide an effective date and applicability; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: The Maternity Supportive Housing Act; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 1 of Chapter 5 of Title 49 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to children and youth services, so as to provide for registration of maternity supportive housing residences to provide housing for pregnant women; to define a term; to provide for requirements; to prohibit rules and regulations; to prohibit constraints imposed by local governments; to provide for statutory construction; to provide for related matters; to provide a short title; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Administrative Services, Department of; certain terms in particular types of state contracts shall be void and unenforceable and should not be included in such agreements; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Part 1 of Article 3 of Chapter 5 of Title 50 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the general authority, duties, and procedure of state purchasing, so as to provide that certain terms in particular types of state contracts shall be void and unenforceable and should not be included in such agreements; to require the Department of Administrative Services to provide such information on its website; to specify that bids, offers, or proposals and registers thereof shall be subject to the public disclosure provisions of Article 4 of Chapter 18 of Title 50, relating to open records; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Education; certain charter school employees shall be included in the health insurance fund for public school teachers; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 20 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to education generally, so as to provide that certain charter school employees shall be included in the health insurance fund for public school teachers; to provide that local start-up charter schools and state charter schools shall require proof of residency either at the time of application or enrollment; to extend the terms of members appointed to the State Charter Schools Commission; to provide for ownership and handling of student records by state charter schools; to revise the deadline for the virtual school performance audit; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Solid waste management; surcharges imposed by local governments regarding municipal solid waste facilities operated by private enterprise; increase. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 12-8-39 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to waste management cost reimbursement and surcharges, so as to increase surcharges imposed by local governments regarding municipal solid waste facilities operated by private enterprise; to revise a provision relating to the disbursement of surcharges for certain expenditures; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: South Fulton, City of; review of ordinances by committees prior to adoption; require. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to incorporate the City of South Fulton in Fulton County, Georgia, approved April 26, 2016 (Ga. L. 2016, p. 3726), as amended, so as to require review of ordinances by committees prior to adoption; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Conservation and natural resources; regulate the harvest and sale of palmetto berries. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 6 of Title 12 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to forest resources and other plant life, so as to regulate the harvest and sale of palmetto berries; to provide for definitions; to provide for legislative findings; to provide for certificates of harvest; to provide for records of harvest activities and purchase transactions; to provide for prohibited acts; to provide for stop sale, stop use, and removal orders; to provide for seizure of berries; to provide for home or personal use of berries; to provide for penalties and restitution; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Columbus, City of; Municipal Court; provide that the sheriff of Muscogee County shall be the ex officio marshal of said court. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act establishing the Municipal Court of Columbus, Georgia, approved August 12, 1915 (Ga. L. 1915, p. 63), as amended, particularly by an Act approved March 29, 1983 (Ga. L. 1983, p. 4443) and an Act approved June 2, 2010 (Ga. L. 2010, p. 3956), so as to provide that the sheriff of Muscogee County shall be the ex officio marshal of said court; to consolidate said marshal's office into the said sheriff's department; to provide for related matters; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Acworth, City of; adopt by reference a certain map. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to reincorporate and provide a new charter for the City of Acworth, approved February 17, 1989 (Ga. L. 1989, p. 3512), as amended, particularly by an Act approved May 6, 2019 (Ga. L. 2019, p. 4062), so as to adopt by reference a certain map; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Civil practice; clarify actions that may be brought pursuant to Code Section 9-3-51 regarding deficiencies in connection with improvements to realty. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 3 of Chapter 3 of Title 9 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to limitations on recovery for deficiencies connected with improvements to realty and resulting injuries, so as to clarify actions that may be brought pursuant to Code Section 9-3-51 regarding deficiencies in connection with improvements to realty; to provide for related matters; to provide for applicability; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Housing; certain provisions pertaining to unlawful practices in selling or renting dwellings and the procedures, remedies, and judicial review related thereto; change. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 4 of Chapter 3 of Title 8 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to fair housing, so as to change certain provisions pertaining to unlawful practices in selling or renting dwellings and the procedures, remedies, and judicial review related thereto; to correct certain cross-references; to clarify that complaints of discriminatory housing practices may be filed with the federal government as well as the administrator of the Commission on Equal Opportunity; to specify how such dual complaints shall be handled; to provide for administrative proceedings to be conducted by administrative law judges; to provide for conforming amendments; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Public utilities and public transportation; penalties for violations of pipeline safety standards and regulations prescribed and enforced by the Public Service Commission; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 5 of Chapter 2 of Title 46 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to miscellaneous offenses and penalties, so as to provide for penalties for violations of pipeline safety standards and regulations prescribed and enforced by the Public Service Commission; to provide for a definition; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Madison County; ad valorem tax; provide homestead exemption. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide a homestead exemption from Madison County ad valorem taxes for county purposes in the amount of $8,000.00 of the assessed value of the homestead for residents of that county who are 70 years of age or older in addition to existing senior exemptions; to provide for definitions; to specify the terms and conditions of the exemption and the procedures relating thereto; to provide for applicability; to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to provide for a referendum, effective dates, and automatic repeal; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Criminal procedure; sentencing; change provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 1 of Chapter 10 of Title 17 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the procedure for sentencing and imposition of punishment, so as to change provisions relating to sentencing; to provide credit for time served; to change provisions relating to the commencement of a sentence when the case has been appealed; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bulloch County Public Facilities Authority Act; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to create the Bulloch County Public Facilities Authority and to provide for the appointment of members of the authority; to provide for a short title; to confer powers upon the authority; to provide for purpose and scope of operations of the authority; to provide for definitions; to authorize the issuance of revenue bonds of the authority; to fix and provide the venue and jurisdiction of actions relating to any provisions of this Act; to provide for moneys received and trust funds; to provide for tort immunity; to provide for tax exemption, rates, charges, and revenues; to provide for effect on other governments; to provide for construction of act and severability; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Sexual Offender Registration Review Board; information required to be provided by sexual offenders when they register; revise. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 2 of Chapter 1 of Title 42 of the O.C.G.A., relating to Sexual Offender Registration Review Board, so as to revise the information required to be provided by sexual offenders when they register; to allow a sexual offender who is in a state or privately operated hospice facility, skilled nursing home, or residential health care facility, with the approval of the sheriff of the county where such sexual offender resides, to satisfy the annual registration requirements by registering at any time during the sexual offender's month of birth; to remove the requirement that a sexual offender who resides in a state or privately operated hospice facility, skilled nursing home, or residential health care facility, with the approval of the sheriff of the county where such sexual offender resides, be fingerprinted; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Homer, City of; city council; provide for election districts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to provide a new charter for the City of Homer, approved May 17, 2004 (Ga. L. 2004, p. 4033), so as to provide for election districts of the city council; to provide descriptions of such council districts; to provide for staggered terms of councilmembers; to provide for the manner of election of the mayor and councilmembers; to provide for the continuation in office of the current mayor and members of the city council; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Health; additional measures for the protection of elderly persons; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 31 of the O.C.G.A., relating to health, so as to provide additional measures for the protection of elderly persons; to increase the maximum fines for violation by health care facilities; to provide for staffing, training, and financial stability requirements for certain personal care homes and assisted living communities; to provide for limited nursing services in assisted living communities; to provide for certification of memory care centers; to provide for definitions; to amend Title 43 of the O.C.G.A., relating to professions and businesses, so as to provide for definitions; to rename the State Board of Nursing Home Administrators the State Board of Long-Term Care Facility Administrators; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Macon County; board of elections and registration; expand from three to five members. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to create a board of elections and registration for Macon County and to provide for its powers and duties, approved June 3, 2003 (Ga. L. 2003, p. 4532), so as to expand the board from three to five members; to provide for appointments to the board; to provide for terms of the additional board members; to remove expired and outdated provisions; to provide for related matters; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Screven, City of; terms of mayor and city council; revise. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to provide a new charter for the City of Screven, approved March 9, 1959 (Ga. L. 1959, p. 2203), as amended, particularly by an Act approved June 30, 1964 (Ga. L. 1964 Ex. Sess., p. 2114), so as to revise the terms of the mayor and city council; to provide for election dates; to revise meeting dates for the city council; to revise the powers of the mayor; to remove provisions related to the police court; to provide for a municipal court; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Health; vital records reports and data from the state registrar relating to child abuse reports; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 10 of Title 31 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to vital records, so as to provide for vital records reports and data from the state registrar relating to child abuse reports; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Courts; provisions relating to addressing criminal gang activities; revise. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to revise provisions to advance the enforcement of laws and responses to certain criminal activities; to amend Part 9 of Article 6 of Chapter 11 of Title 15 of the O.C.G.A., relating to transfers, so as to revise and to provide for provisions relating to addressing criminal gang activities; to amend Chapter 15 of Title 16 of the O.C.G.A., relating to street gang terrorism and prevention, so as to revise the definition of "criminal gang activity" and prohibited criminal gang activities in regards to street gang terrorism and prevention; to amend Article 2 of Chapter 10 of Title 17 of the O.C.G.A., relating to death penalty generally, so as to revise criminal procedure in regards to certain death penalty cases; to amend Article 2 of Chapter 1 of Title 42 of the O.C.G.A., relating to Sexual Offender Registration Review Board; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Game and fish; effective date of rules and regulations promulgated by the Board of Natural Resources; change. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 27 of the O.C.G.A., relating to game and fish, so as to change the effective date of rules and regulations promulgated by the Board of Natural Resources; to revise the implied consent warning for hunting under the influence; to amend Code Section 52-7-12.5 of the O.C.G.A., relating to ordering drug, alcohol, or other substance tests and implied consent notice relative to operation of watercraft, so as to revise the implied consent warning; to amend Article 3 of Chapter 3 of Title 50 of the O.C.G.A., relating to other state symbols, so as to designate the shoal bass as the official Georgia state riverine sport fish; to provide for legislative findings; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Braselton, Town of; levy an excise tax. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to authorize the governing authority of the Town of Braselton to levy an excise tax pursuant to subsection (b) of Code Section 48-13-51 of the O.C.G.A.; to provide procedures, conditions, and limitations; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Ogeechee Judicial Circuit; provide additional judge of the superior courts. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 15-6-2 of the O.C.G.A., relating to the number of judges of superior courts, so as to provide for an additional judge of the superior courts of the Ogeechee Judicial Circuit; to provide for related matters; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Faircloth, Mildred Irene "Milli" O'Neal; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Mildred Irene "Milli" O'Neal Faircloth; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Forsyth, City of; levy an excise tax. Description: A BILL To be entitled an Act to authorize the governing authority of the City of Forsyth to levy an excise tax pursuant to subsection (b) of Code Section 48-13-51 of the O.C.G.A.; to provide procedures, conditions, and limitations; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Atlanta Judicial Circuit; provide for the selection of the chief judge. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide for the selection of the chief judge of the Atlanta Judicial Circuit; to provide for terms; to provide for powers and duties; to provide for a specific repealer; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Buildings and housing; residential industrial building; revise definition. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 8-2-111 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to definitions relative to factory built buildings and dwelling units, so as to revise the definition of residential industrial building; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Henry, William "W.T.", Sr.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of William "W.T." Henry, Sr.; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Georgia Carbon Sequestration Registry; inclusion of building products in construction on the registry; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 5 of Chapter 6 of Title 12 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the Georgia Carbon Sequestration Registry, so as to provide for the inclusion of building products in construction on the registry; to revise definitions; to allow participants in the registry to voluntarily record the utilization of carbon sequestration; to provide for an advisory committee; to provide for certified third-party organizations to measure the amount of carbon sequestered from building materials that sequester carbon dioxide; to require the State Forestry Commission to publish a list of certified organizations; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Atkinson County; Board of Education; change compensation of members. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act reconstituting the Board of Education of Atkinson County, approved April 5, 1993 (Ga. L. 1993, p. 4771), as amended, particularly by an Act approved April 27, 2016 (Ga. L. 2016, p. 3808), so as to change the compensation of the members of the board of education; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Public officers and employees; revise when dependents qualify for a payment of indemnification for death under the Georgia State Indemnification Fund. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 45-9-85 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to payment of indemnification for death or disability, procedure for making payments, and appeal, so as to revise when dependents qualify for a payment of indemnification for death under the Georgia State Indemnification Fund; to provide for related matters; to provide for applicability; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: South Fulton, City of; offices of mayor and councilmember are part time; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to incorporate the City of South Fulton in Fulton County, Georgia, approved April 26, 2016 (Ga. L. 2016, p. 3726), as amended, particularly by an Act approved May 8, 2018 (Ga. L. 2018, p. 3910), so as to provide that the offices of mayor and councilmember are part time; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Motor vehicles; license suspension for conviction of drug related offenses; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 5 of Title 40 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to drivers' licenses, so as to provide for license suspension for conviction of drug related offenses; to provide for conditions for reinstatement for such suspended licenses; to reduce the number of required hours in the intervention component of DUI Alcohol or Drug Use Risk Reduction Programs; to require submission of a business plan for operation of such programs; to provide for an effective date and applicability; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Georgia Driver's Education Commission; increase the additional penalty for violation of traffic laws or ordinance under "Joshua's Law". Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 10 of Chapter 21 of Title 15 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the Georgia Driver's Education Commission, so as to increase the additional penalty for violation of traffic laws or ordinances under "Joshua's Law"; to provide for an effective date and applicability; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Education; number of REACH scholars to be designated by participating school systems; revise. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 20-3-499 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to selection of REACH scholars, so as to revise the number of REACH scholars to be designated by participating school systems; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Twiggs County; office of probate judge; provide nonpartisan elections. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide that future elections for the office of probate judge of Twiggs County shall be nonpartisan elections; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Twiggs County; office of chief judge of the Magistrate Court; provide nonpartisan elections. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide that future elections for the office of chief judge of the Magistrate Court of Twiggs County shall be nonpartisan elections; to provide for the sitting chief judge of the magistrate court to serve out his or her term of office; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Health; certificate of need laws; provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 31-7-3 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to requirements for permits to operate certain health care related institutions, so as to provide that certain facilities that perform medical procedures only in non-sterile procedure rooms that are exempt from certificate of need requirements or are not required to obtain a certificate of need are not subject to certain requirements relating to their physical plant under certificate of need laws; to provide that such facilities cannot be denied a permit based on not meeting a certificate of need requirement; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cobb County; State Court; change salary of the executive assistant to the clerk. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating the State Court of Cobb County, approved March 26, 1964 (Ga. L. 1964, p. 3211), as amended, particularly by an Act approved May 3, 2017 (Ga. L. 2017, p. 378), so as to change the salary of the executive assistant to the clerk of the State Court of Cobb County; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Sales and use tax; certain tax exemptions; repeal sunset provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 8 of Title 48 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to sales and use taxes, so as to repeal sunset provisions regarding certain tax exemptions; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Joint session; message from the Governor. Description: A RESOLUTION calling a joint session of the House of Representatives and the Senate for the purpose of hearing a message from the Governor; inviting the Justices of the Supreme Court and the Judges of the Court of Appeals to be present at the joint session; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Entertainment Industry Investment Act; move certain sound recordings from qualified production activities to production expenditures. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 48-7-40.26 of the O.C.G.A., relating to the "Georgia Entertainment Industry Investment Act," so as to move certain sound recordings from qualified production activities to production expenditures; to provide for definitions; to provide for rules and regulations; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Contracts; additional protections for consumers who enter into service contracts that contain lengthy automatic renewal provisions; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 12 of Title 13 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to automatic renewal provisions, so as to provide additional protections for consumers who enter into service contracts that contain lengthy automatic renewal provisions; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Fannin County; levy an excise tax; authorize. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to authorize the governing authority of Fannin County to levy an excise tax pursuant to subsection (b) of Code Section 48-13-51 of the O.C.G.A.; to provide for procedures, conditions, and limitations; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Fannin County; Board of Education; change compensation of members. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing for the election of the members of the Board of Education of Fannin County, approved April 9, 1996 (Ga. L. 1996, p. 4355), as amended, particularly by an Act approved April 25, 2002 (Ga. L. 2002, p. 4629), so as to change the compensation of the members of the board of education; to provide for related matters; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Insurance; include flood risk reduction in the enumerated list of county purposes for which certain proceeds from county taxes shall be used. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 33-8-8.3 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the funding of services, or reduction of ad valorem taxes, in unincorporated areas of counties and powers and duties of governing authority, so as to include flood risk reduction in the enumerated list of county purposes for which certain proceeds from county taxes shall be used; to provide that funding for flood risk reduction shall be derived specifically from premium taxes; to provide for a definition; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Commerce and trade; provide for assistance to individuals with disabilities at self-service gasoline stations. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Part 1 of Article 8 of Chapter 1 of Title 10 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to petroleum products, so as to provide for assistance to individuals with disabilities at self-service gasoline stations; to provide for requirements for assistance; to provide for signage on gasoline pumps with information relating to the assistance; to provide for violations and fines; to provide for enforcement; to provide for limited liability; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Life and Health Insurance Guaranty Association; certain persons receiving insurance coverage from health maintenance organization subscriber contracts or health care corporation plans; extend association protections. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 38 of Title 33 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to Georgia Life and Health Insurance Guaranty Association, so as to extend association protections to certain persons receiving insurance coverage from health maintenance organization subscriber contracts or health care corporation plans; to provide for applicability; to provide for modernization and updates; to provide for revisions to the assessment formula on long-term care insurance written by impaired or insolvent insurers; to provide for the recoupment of assessments on certain members through a surcharge on premiums as approved by the Commissioner; to provide for definitions; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Arabi, Town of; provide new charter. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide a new charter for the Town of Arabi; to provide for incorporation, corporate boundaries, powers, and construction; to provide for pending matters; to provide for construction; to provide for severability; to provide for other matters relative to the foregoing; to provide for a specific repealer; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Health; newborn screening for various disorders; revise provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 12 of Title 31 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to control of hazardous conditions, preventable diseases, and metabolic disorders, so as to revise provisions relating to newborn screening for various disorders; to create the Newborn Screening and Genetics Advisory Committee to review and make recommendations to the department when a new disorder is added to the federal Recommended Uniform Screening Panel; to provide for requests for appropriations to cover new disorders; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Grimsley, Colin Dupree; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Colin Dupree Grimsley; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Agriculture; further regulation of soil amendments derived from industrial by-products by local governments; authorize. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 3 of Chapter 12 of Title 2 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to soil amendments, so as to authorize further regulation of soil amendments derived from industrial by-products by local governments; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Condominiums; new insurance policy disclosure requirements for condominium associations and unit owners in the event of potential or actual claims filed against such policies; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 3 of Chapter 3 of Title 44 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to condominiums, so as to provide new insurance policy disclosure requirements for condominium associations and unit owners in the event of potential or actual claims filed against such policies; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Public utilities and public transportation; text messages as a method of making unwanted telephone solicitations; prohibit. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 46-5-27, relating to telephone solicitations to residential, mobile, or wireless subscribers, Public Service Commission to establish and maintain list of certain subscribers, authorization for imposition of administrative fees, confidential nature of data base, and required identification, so as to prohibit text messages as a method of making unwanted telephone solicitations; to provide for and change definitions; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Local government; creation of regional development authorities; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 62 of Title 36 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to development authorities, so as to provide for the creation of regional development authorities; to provide an enhancement for the jobs tax credit for such authorities; to provide for a grant program for primary care medical facilities; to provide for a definition; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Clayton State University Day at the state capitol; January 15, 2019; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Clayton State University and recognizing January 15, 2019, as Clayton State University Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Atlanta, City of; Board of Education; provide for staggered terms for members. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to continue the existence of the Atlanta Independent School System under the management and control of the Atlanta Board of Education, approved June 3, 2003 (Ga. L. 2003, p. 4154), as amended, particularly by an Act approved May 6, 2013 (Ga. L. 2013, p. 4341), so as to provide for staggered terms for members of the board of education; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Motor vehicles; notification letter for retrieving a motor vehicle held by a towing and storage firm, repair facility, or salvage dealer; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 1A of Chapter 11 of Title 40 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to abandoned motor vehicles, so as to provide for notification letter for retrieving a motor vehicle held by a towing and storage firm, repair facility, or salvage dealer; to provide for fees relating to filing of a petition of foreclosure for an abandoned motor vehicle; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: State government; provide for the creation of the Georgia Endowment for Teaching Professionals. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 12 of Title 50 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to commissions and other agencies, so as to provide for the creation of the Georgia Endowment for Teaching Professionals to foster a public-private partnership for support of postsecondary teaching professionals in high demand courses, subjects, and disciplines; to provide for a board of trustees; to provide for the membership, appointment, terms, and filling of vacancies of the board of trustees; to provide for the creation, appointment, terms, filling of vacancies, duties, and responsibilities of an advisory committee to the board of trustees; to provide for the purposes of the endowment; to provide for the duties and responsibilities of the board of trustees; to provide for discontinuation of the endowment under certain circumstances; to provide for certain reports and audits; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Holly Springs, City of; ad valorem tax; provide homestead exemption in the amount of up to $409,900.00 for residents 62 years or older. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide for a homestead exemption from City of Holly Springs ad valorem taxes for municipal purposes in the amount of up to $409,900.00 of the appraised value of the homestead for residents of that city who are 62 years of age or older; to provide for definitions; to specify the terms and conditions of the exemption and the procedures relating thereto; to provide for applicability; to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to provide for a referendum, effective dates, and automatic repeal; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ludowici, City of; change corporate limits. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating a new charter for the City of Ludowici, approved April 18, 1923 (Ga. L. 1923, p. 3667), as amended, so as to change the corporate limits of the city; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Labor and industrial relations; provisions regarding employer's obligation to provide break time for an employee to express breast milk; revise. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 1 of Title 34 of the O.C.G.A., relating to general provisions regarding labor and industrial relations, so as to revise provisions regarding employer's obligation to provide break time for an employee to express breast milk; to revise a definition; to provide for requirements for such employers; to provide for exceptions; to amend Chapter 1 of Title 45 of the O.C.G.A., relating to general provisions regarding public officers and employees, so as to require state entities and local governments to provide reasonable break time to an employee who needs to express breast milk; to provide for a definition; to provide for requirements for such state entities and local governments; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Professions and businesses; authorize delegation by a physician to an advanced practice registered nurse to order radiographic imaging tests in non-life threatening situations. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 43-34-25 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to delegation of certain medical acts to advanced practice registered nurse, so as to authorize the delegation by a physician to an advanced practice registered nurse to order radiographic imaging tests in non-life-threatening situations; to revise definitions; to increase the number of advanced practice registered nurses with whom a delegating physician can enter into a nurse protocol agreement and supervise at one time; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Agriculture; provide for an Agricultural Commodity Commission for Wine and Grapes. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 2 of Chapter 8 of Title 2 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to agricultural commodity commissions generally, so as to provide for an Agricultural Commodity Commission for Wine and Grapes; to provide a definition; to provide for composition, powers, and terms of office of the commission; to provide for limitations on assessments; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Public officers and employees; paid parental leave for state employees; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 1 of Chapter 20 of Title 45 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to general provisions regarding personnel administration, so as to provide for paid parental leave for state employees; to provide for a definition; to provide for eligibility; to provide for terms and conditions; to provide for certain prohibitions; to provide for rules; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Highways, bridges, and ferries; development of a state-wide strategic transportation plan; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 32 of the O.C.G.A., relating to highways, bridges, and ferries, so as to provide for development of a state-wide strategic transportation plan; to provide for updating and reporting of such plan; to provide for use of such plan in making award determinations relating to public and private financing of projects; to provide for acquisition of property by the Department of Transportation for present or future public road purposes; to amend Code Section 48-8-243 of the O.C.G.A., relating to criteria for development of investment list of projects and programs for Special District Transportation Sales and Use Tax, report, and gridlock, so as to make a conforming cross-reference change; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Revised Homestead Option Sales and Use Tax Act of 2020; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 2A of Chapter 8 of Title 48 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to homestead option sales and use tax, so as to provide for a revised homestead option sales tax; to provide for a revised distribution of the proceeds from the levy of an equalized homestead option sales and use tax; to provide for the levy of a special purpose local option sales and use tax in certain counties; to provide for elector petitions and referenda; to provide for procedures, conditions, and limitations; to provide for a short title; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Paulding County; State Court; create. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to create the State Court of Paulding County; to provide for related matters; to provide for a referendum, effective dates, and automatic repeal; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: East Dublin, City of; new term for the mayor pro tempore; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to provide a new charter for the Town of East Dublin, approved April 9, 1981 (Ga. L. 1981, p. 4645), as amended, particularly by an Act approved April 13, 1994 (Ga. L. 1994, p. 5026) and an Act approved April 30, 2019 (Ga. L. 2019, p. 3726), so as to provide a new term for the mayor pro tempore; to provide for the filling of vacancies; to provide for the designation of at-large councilmember posts; to provide for the regular redistricting of city council districts; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Public officers and employees; certain provisions related to homeowner tax relief grants; remove. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Part 1 of Article 4 of Chapter 12 of Title 45 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to management of budgetary and financial affairs, so as to remove certain provisions related to homeowner tax relief grants; to revise a definition; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Public officers and employees; Office of Planning and Budget; repeal certain duties. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Part 1 of Article 4 of Chapter 12 of Title 45 and Article 2 of Chapter 17 of Title 50 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to management of budgetary and financial affairs and state financing and investment, respectively, so as to repeal certain duties of the Office of Planning and Budget related to state agencies and state government; to add the Georgia Technology Authority to the definition of state authorities for state financing and investment; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Medical assistance; Medicaid coverage for lactation care and services and postpartum care; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 7 of Chapter 4 of Title 49 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to medical assistance generally, so as to provide for Medicaid coverage for lactation care and services and postpartum care; to provide for submission of a state plan amendment or waiver, if necessary; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Clarksville, City of; provide new charter. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide a new charter for the City of Clarkesville; to provide for incorporation, boundaries, and powers of the city; to provide for general powers and limitations on powers; to provide for a governing authority of such city and the powers, duties, authority, election, terms, removal from office, method of filling vacancies, compensation, expenses, and qualifications; to provide for definitions and construction; to provide for related matters; to provide for severability; to repeal a specific Act; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Stewart County; Board of Education; provide for compensation and expenses of members. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act relating to the Board of Education of Stewart County and providing for the election of the members thereof, approved March 21, 1969 (Ga. L. 1969, p. 2264), as amended, particularly by an Act approved May 13, 2008 (Ga. L. 2008, p. 4171), so as to provide for the compensation and expenses of the members of the Board of Education of Stewart County; to provide for related matters; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Douglas, City of; election of members of governing authority; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing a new charter for the City of Douglas, approved March 10, 1993 (Ga. L. 1993, p. 4022), as amended, particularly by an Act approved May 8, 2018 (Ga. L. 2018, p. 4124), so as to provide for election of the members of the governing authority; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Collins, Michael Allen "Mac"; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Michael Allen "Mac" Collins; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Regional commissions; appointment of nonpublic members to the councils; revise provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 2 of Chapter 8 of Title 50 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to regional commissions, so as to revise provisions regarding the appointment of nonpublic members to the regional commission councils; to provide for executive committees for each regional commission council; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lacee's Law; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 1 of Chapter 1 of Title 31 and Article 1 of Chapter 18 of Title 45 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to general provisions relating to health and state employees' health insurance and benefit plans, respectively, so as to provide for information and screening coverage for individuals at high risk for breast cancer; to provide for a definition; to provide for identified and compiled information to be posted on the internet and distributed to physicians; to provide for coverage under the state health benefit plan for additional screening for individuals at high risk for breast cancer; to provide for related matters; to provide for a short title; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Argyle, Town of; elections and procedures; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to incorporate the town of Argyle, approved November 18, 1901 (Ga. L. 1901, p. 301), so as to provide for elections and procedures; to provide for oaths; to provide for qualifications of voters; to provide for a county sheriff; to provide for a town clerk; to provide for bonds; to provide for the powers and duties of the mayor and council; to provide for public works; to provide for a mayor's court; to provide for sanctions for violations of law; to provide for compensation of various officials; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cochran, City of; include mayor as a member of the governing authority. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to provide a new charter for the City of Cochran, approved April 11, 2012 (Ga. L. 2012, p. 5162), so as to include the mayor as a member of the governing authority of the city; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Washington County; State Court; authorize assessment and collection of a technology fee. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to authorize the assessment and collection of a technology fee by the State Court of Washington County; to identify the authorized uses of such technology fee; to provide for the termination of such technology fee and dedication of residual funds to technology uses; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Forsyth County; creation or expansion of one or more community improvement districts in any municipality; authorize. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to provide for the creation of one or more community improvement districts in Forsyth County, approved May 6, 2019 (Ga. L. 2019, p. 3963), so as to authorize the creation or expansion of one or more community improvement districts in any municipality in Forsyth County; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Calhoun, City of; terms and qualifications for the mayor, councilmembers and board of education members; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to provide a new charter for the City of Calhoun, Georgia, approved April 8, 1983 (Ga. L. 1983, p. 4710), as amended, so as to provide terms of office and qualifications for the mayor, councilmembers, and members of the board of education; to provide dates for general municipal elections; to provide for removal of the mayor and councilmembers; to provide for removal of municipal court judges; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Upson County; board of education; modify compensation of members. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to provide for the merger and consolidation of the existing Upson County School System and the existing City of Thomaston Independent School System into a single county-wide school system, approved March 13, 1990 (Ga. L. 1990, p. 3794), so as to modify the compensation of the members of the board of education; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Berrien County; Magistrate Court; provide for election of future chief magistrates. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to change provisions relating to the Magistrate Court of Berrien County, approved March 18, 1985 (Ga. L. 1985, p. 3721), as amended, so as to provide for the election of future chief magistrates; to provide for the filling of vacancies; to provide for related matters; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Uvalda, City of; provide new charter. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide a new charter for the City of Uvalda; to provide for re-incorporation, boundaries, and powers of the city; to provide for related matters; to provide for severability; to repeal a specific Act; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dade County; Probate Court; charge technology fee. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to authorize the Probate Court of Dade County to charge a technology fee for each fine assessed for a criminal, traffic, or ordinance violation; to specify the uses to which said technology fee may be put; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cobb County; tax commissioner's office; change compensation of certain employees. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act consolidating the offices of tax collector and tax receiver into the office of tax commissioner of Cobb County, approved February 17, 1949 (Ga. L. 1949, p. 790), as amended, particularly by an Act approved May 2, 2017 (Ga. L. 2017, p. 3651), so as to change the compensation of certain employees of such office; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Barrow County; State Court; create. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to create the State Court of Barrow County; to provide for related matters; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Blue Ridge, City of; levy an excise tax. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to authorize the governing authority of the City of Blue Ridge to levy an excise tax pursuant to subsection (b) of Code Section 48-13-51 of the O.C.G.A.; to provide procedures, conditions, and limitations; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Randolph County; board of education; change compensation of members. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to reconstitute the Board of Education of Randolph County, approved February 28, 1994 (Ga. L. 1994, p. 3575), as amended, so as to change the compensation of the members of the board of education; to provide for related matters; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Joint Liberty County, City of Gum Branch, City of Midway, City of Riceboro, and City of Walthourville Fire Protection Facilities and Equipment Authority; repeal Act. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to repeal an Act creating the Joint Liberty County, City of Gum Branch, City of Midway, City of Riceboro, and City of Walthourville Fire Protection Facilities and Equipment Authority, approved April 5, 1994 (Ga. L. 1994, p. 4826), as amended, particularly by an Act approved May 6, 2019 (Ga. L. 2019, p. 3920); to provide for the assets and liabilities thereof; to provide for related matters; to provide a specific repealer; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Fayette County; school district ad valorem tax; provide new homestead exemption. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide for a new homestead exemption from Fayette County school district ad valorem taxes for educational purposes in an amount equal to the amount by which the current year assessed value of a homestead exceeds the adjusted base year assessed value of such homestead; to provide for definitions; to specify the terms and conditions of the exemption and the procedures relating thereto; to provide for related matters; to provide for applicability; to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to provide for a referendum, effective dates, and automatic repeal; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Atlanta, City of; ad valorem tax for municipal purposes; provide new homestead exemption. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide for a new homestead exemption from City of Atlanta ad valorem taxes for municipal purposes in the amount of $30,000.00 for each resident of the City of Atlanta who holds real property subject to a written lease having an initial term of not less than 99 years with a landlord that is an entity exempt from taxation under Section 501(c)(3) of the federal Internal Revenue Code and who owns all improvements located on the real property; to provide for definitions; to specify the terms and conditions of the exemption and the procedures relating thereto; to provide for applicability; to provide for related matters; to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to provide for a referendum, effective dates, and automatic repeal; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Shellman, City of; filling vacancies on the city council; revise provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to provide a new charter for the City of Shellman, approved April 19, 2000 (Ga. L. 2000, p. 4412), so as to revise provisions related to filling vacancies on the city council; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Newton County; certain officers; provide method of calculating annual compensation. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to provide for a change in the compensation of the Sheriff, the Tax Commissioner, the Judge of the Probate Court, the Clerk of the Superior Court and the Chairman of the Board of Commissioners of Newton County to reflect increases in the cost of living, approved April 6, 1981 (Ga. L. 1981, p. 3304), as amended, particularly by an Act approved March 25, 1994 (Ga. L. 1994, p. 4156), so as to provide for the method of calculating the annual compensation for such county officers; to provide for related matters; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bluffton, City of; mayor can vote to provide a majority on city council; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to provide a new charter for the City of Bluffton, approved March 24, 1994 (Ga. L. 1994, p. 3786), so as to provide that the mayor can vote on the city council to provide a majority; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Newton County Public Facilities Authority Act; enact. Description: A BILL To be entitled an Act to create the Newton County Public Facilities Authority and to provide for the appointment of members of the authority; to provide for a short title; to confer powers upon the authority; to provide for purpose and scope of operations of the authority; to provide for definitions; to authorize the issuance of revenue bonds of the authority; to fix and provide the venue and jurisdiction of actions relating to any provisions of this Act; to provide for moneys received and trust funds; to provide for tort immunity; to provide for tax exemption, rates, charges, and revenues; to provide for effect on other governments; to provide for construction of act and severability; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Port Wentworth, City of; provide new charter. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide a new charter for the City of Port Wentworth; to provide for definitions and construction; to provide for severability; to provide for related matters; to repeal a specific Act; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Mountain Park, City of; new term for a city council seat; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to reincorporate the City of Mountain Park in the Counties of Fulton and Cherokee, approved March 30, 1982 (Ga. L. 1982, p. 3648), as amended, particularly by an Act approved May 27, 2010 (Ga. L. 2010, p. 3560), so as to provide a new term for a city council seat; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jefferson, City of; independent school district ad valorem tax homestead exemption; require yearly income statements to continue to receive exemption. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing a homestead exemption from City of Jefferson independent school district ad valorem taxes for educational purposes in the amount of $10,000.00 of the assessed value of the homestead for certain residents of that school district who are 62 years of age or over and an additional homestead exemption in the amount of $20,000.00 of the assessed value of the homestead for certain residents of that school district who are 65 years of age or over and whose net income, excluding certain retirement income, does not exceed $18,000.00, approved April 25, 2002 (Ga. L. 2002, p. 4353), as amended, so as to require yearly income statements to continue to receive the exemption; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date and for applicability; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Commerce, City of; independent school district ad valorem tax homestead exemption; require yearly income statements to continue to receive exemption. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing a homestead exemption from City of Commerce independent school district ad valorem taxes for educational purposes in the amount of $10,000.00 of the assessed value of the homestead for certain residents of that school district who are 62 years of age or over and an additional homestead exemption in the amount of $20,000.00 of the assessed value of the homestead for certain residents of that school district who are 65 years of age or over and whose net income, excluding certain retirement income, does not exceed $18,000.00, approved April 25, 2002 (Ga. L. 2002, p. 4349), as amended, so as to require yearly income statements to continue to receive the exemption; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date and for applicability; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jackson County; school district ad valorem tax; require yearly income statements to tax commissioner to continue to receive exemption. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing a homestead exemption from Jackson County School District ad valorem taxes for educational purposes in the amount of $10,000.00 of the assessed value of the homestead for certain residents of that school district who are 62 years of age or over who have annual earned family incomes not exceeding $18,000.00, approved March 24, 1994 (Ga. L. 1994, p. 3758), as amended, so as to require yearly income statements to the tax commissioner to continue to receive the exemption; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date and for applicability; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Chattooga County; Board of Education; election of members; repeal amendment. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to repeal the amendment to the Constitution of the State of Georgia for the election of members of the Board of Education of Chattooga County by the people, which amendment was proposed by 1959 House Resolution No. 146-432, Resolution Act No. 51 (Ga. L. 1959, p. 453), as amended by 1968 House Resolution No. 675-1458, Resolution Act No. 245 (Ga. L. 1968, p. 1764), and as continued in force and effect by an Act approved March 6, 1987 (Ga. L. 1987, p. 3821); to provide for related matters; to provide for a referendum, effective dates, contingencies, and automatic repeal; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Johnson County; Board of Education; change compensation of members. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to fix the compensation of the members of the Board of Education of Johnson County, approved April 6, 1992 (Ga. L. 1992, p. 5425), as amended, particularly by an Act approved March 24, 1994 (Ga. L. 1994, p. 3722), so as to change the compensation of the members of the board of education; to provide for related matters; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hall County Family Connection Network; repeal an Act. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to repeal an Act creating the Hall County Family Connection Network, approved May 12, 2011 (Ga. L.2011, p. 4046); to provide for the assets and liabilities thereof; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Pine Mountain, Town of; levy an excise tax. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to authorize the governing authority of the Town of Pine Mountain to levy an excise tax pursuant to subsection (b) of Code Section 48-13-51 of the O.C.G.A.; to provide procedures, conditions, and limitations; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hall County Commission for Children and Families; repeal an Act. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to repeal an Act creating the Hall County Commission for Children and Families, approved April 23, 1999 (Ga. L. 1999, p. 4874); to provide for the assets and liabilities thereof; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bacon County; Magistrate Court; impose and collect county law library fees. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to authorize the Magistrate Court of Bacon County to impose and collect county law library fees as part of the court costs in the magistrate court; to provide for practices and procedures connected therewith; to provide for related matters; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Pierce County; Magistrate Court; impose and collect county law library fees. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to authorize the Magistrate Court of Pierce County to impose and collect county law library fees as part of the court costs in the magistrate court; to provide for practices and procedures connected therewith; to provide for related matters; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Brantley County; Magistrate Court; impose and collect county law library fees. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to authorize the Magistrate Court of Brantley County to impose and collect county law library fees as part of the court costs in the magistrate court; to provide for practices and procedures connected therewith; to provide for related matters; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ware County; Magistrate Court; impose and collect county law library fees. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to authorize the Magistrate Court of Ware County to impose and collect county law library fees as part of the court costs in the magistrate court; to provide for practices and procedures connected therewith; to provide for related matters; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Berrien County; office of probate judge; provide nonpartisan elections. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide that future elections for the office of probate judge of Berrien County shall be nonpartisan elections; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Coffee County; Magistrate Court; impose and collect county law library fees. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to authorize the Magistrate Court of Coffee County to impose and collect county law library fees as part of the court costs in the magistrate court; to provide for practices and procedures connected therewith; to provide for related matters; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Charlton County; Magistrate Court; impose and collect county law library fees. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to authorize the Magistrate Court of Charlton County to impose and collect county law library fees as part of the court costs in the magistrate court; to provide for practices and procedures connected therewith; to provide for related matters; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hart County; ad valorem tax; increase amount of homestead exemption. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to provide for homestead exemptions from Hart County ad valorem taxes for county purposes and from Hart County School District ad valorem taxes for educational purposes for certain residents of that county and school district, approved April 6, 1992 (Ga. L. 1992, p. 5574), so as to increase the amount of such homestead exemption from Hart County ad valorem taxes for county purposes from $10,000.00 to $15,000.00 of the assessed value of that homestead; to provide for related matters; to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to provide for applicability; to provide for a referendum, contingent effective dates, and automatic repeal; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Franklin County; ad valorem tax; increase amount of homestead exemption. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to provide for homestead exemptions from Franklin County ad valorem taxes for county purposes and from Franklin County School District ad valorem taxes for educational purposes for certain residents of that county and school district, approved February 26, 1992 (Ga. L. 1992, p. 4770), so as to increase the amount of such exemptions; to provide for related matters; to provide for a referendum and contingent effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Wilcox County; board of elections and registration; provide for hiring of employees. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to create a board of elections and registration for Wilcox County and to provide for its powers and duties, approved May 6, 2013 (Ga. L. 2013, p. 4056), so as to provide for the hiring of employees, including an election supervisor, of such board by the county manager of Wilcox County; to provide for the employment of such employees by said county; to provide for the day-to-day supervision of the board's duties; to provide for the distribution of sample ballots and other information by the board; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Fulton County; reconstitute board of elections and registration; provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to reconstitute and reestablish the board of elections and registration for Fulton County, Georgia; to provide for its powers and duties; to provide for membership and chairperson of the board and appointment of the same; to provide for qualifications of the members; to provide for terms of office; to provide for vacancies; to provide for oaths of office; to provide for power and duties of said board; to provide for reporting by the chairperson; to provide for sample ballots and voter information; to provide for a chief administrative officer of the board; to provide for compensation, offices, and employees; to provide for related matters; to provide a contingent effective date and automatic repeal; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Fulton County; board of elections and registration; provide for abolition of the board on a date certain. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to create a board of elections and registration for Fulton County, Georgia, approved March 30, 1989 (Ga. L. 1989, p. 4577), as amended, particularly by an Act approved May 7, 2019 (Ga. L. 2019, p. 4181), so as to provide for abolition of the board on a date certain; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: City of Fayetteville Community Improvement Districts Act; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide for the creation of one or more community improvement districts in the City of Fayetteville City; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Union City; City of; ad valorem tax; provide homestead exemption. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide for a homestead exemption from City of Union City ad valorem taxes for municipal purposes in the amount of $2,000.00 of the assessed value of the homestead for residents of that city; to provide for definitions; to specify the terms and conditions of the exemption and the procedures relating thereto; to provide for applicability; to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to provide for a referendum, effective dates, and automatic repeal; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Middle Chattahoochee Regional Water and Sewer Authority Act; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to create the South Fulton Municipal Regional Water and Sewer Authority, approved April 19, 2000 (Ga. L. 2000, p. 3739), so as to change the name of the authority; to revise provisions regarding notice of regular meetings; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hart County; Board of Education; revise compensation of members. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to reconstitute the Board of Education of Hart County, approved March 30, 1993 (Ga. L. 1993, p. 4215), as amended, particularly by an Act approved June 3, 2003 (Ga. L. 2003, p. 3952), so as to revise the compensation of the members of the board of education; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Haralson County; school district ad valorem tax; increase exemption. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to provide a homestead exemption from Haralson County School District ad valorem taxes for educational purposes in the amount of $8,000.00 of the assessed value of the homestead for certain residents of that school district who have annual incomes not exceeding $10,000.00 and who are 65 years of age or over, approved April 9, 1999 (Ga. L. 1999, p. 4087), so as to increase the exemption to $14,000.00; to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to provide for a referendum, effective dates, and automatic repeal; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Robinson, Mr. Jakeith Bendray, Sr.; compensate. Description: A RESOLUTION compensating Mr. Jakeith Bendray Robinson, Sr.; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Colquitt County; Airport Authority; modify provisions regarding qualifications, selection, terms, powers, officers, and duties of members. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to establish an airport authority for Colquitt County, approved March 4, 1953 (Ga. L. 1953 Jan.-Feb. Sess., p. 3035), as amended, particularly by any Act approved April 28, 1969 (Ga. L. 1969, p. 3798), so as to modify provisions regarding the qualifications, selection, terms, powers, officers, and duties of members; to provide for meetings; to provide vacancies; to provide for conflicts of interest; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Young Harris, City of; reduce size of city council; modify term of mayor. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to provide a new charter for the City of Young Harris, approved May 3, 2018 (Ga. L. 2018, p. 3713), so as to reduce the size of the city council; to modify the term of the mayor; to modify provisions related to a quorum of the city council; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cusseta-Chattahoochee County; levy an excise tax. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to authorize the governing authority of the Unified Government of Cusseta-Chattahoochee County to levy an excise tax pursuant to subsection (b) of Code Section 48-13-51 of the O.C.G.A.; to provide for procedures, conditions, and limitations; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Chehaw Park Authority; change name of park; provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to create the Chehaw Park Authority, approved April 11, 1979 (Ga. L. 1979, p. 4515), as amended, particularly by an Act approved May 13, 2002 (Ga. L. 2002, p. 5755), so as to change the name of the park; to expand the purpose of the authority to include the acquisition of zoological specimens; to change procedures for the appointment of authority members; to change provisions regarding a quorum and majority of the authority; to make the city manager of the City of Albany a voting member of the authority; to revise definitions; to remove certain duties of the City of Albany regarding the authority; to extend the existence of the authority; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lavonia, City of; ad valorem taxes for municipal purposes; increase homestead exemption. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to provide for a homestead exemption from City of Lavonia ad valorem taxes for municipal purposes in the amount of $10,000.00 of the assessed value of the homestead for residents of that city who are 65 years of age or older, approved May 11, 2011 (Ga. L. 2011, p. 3964), so as to increase the amount of such exemption; to provide for related matters; to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to provide for applicability; to provide for a referendum, effective dates, and automatic repeal; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Tallulah Falls, Town of; terms, qualifications, election, and vacancies of mayor and councilmembers; modify provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to amend, revise, consolidate, and supersede the several Acts incorporating the Town of Tallulah Falls in Habersham and Rabun counties, approved February 6, 1984 (Ga. L. 1984, p. 3547), as amended, particularly by an Act approved May 8, 2018 (Ga. L. 2018, p. 4044), an Act approved May 16, 2007 (Ga. L. 2007, p. 3533), and an Act approved March 22, 1990 (Ga. L. 1990, p. 4384); to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for the other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Franklin County High School Lady Lions softball team; winning the 2018 GHSA 3A State Softball Championship; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Franklin County High School Lady Lions softball team for winning the 2018 GHSA 3A State Softball Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Decatur, City of; independent school district ad valorem tax; provide homestead exemption. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide a homestead exemption from City of Decatur independent school district ad valorem taxes for educational purposes for ten years in the full amount of the assessed value of the homestead for residents of that school district who are 62 years of age or older; to provide for definitions; to specify the terms and conditions of the exemption and the procedures relating thereto; to provide for applicability; to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to provide for a referendum, effective dates, and automatic repeal; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: DeKalb County; board of commissioners; change manner of appointment and terms of office of members. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act revising, superseding, and consolidating the laws relating to the governing authority of DeKalb County and creating a chairman and board of commissioners of said county, approved March 8, 1956 (Ga. L. 1956, p. 3237), as amended, particularly by an Act approved April 9, 1981 (Ga. L. 1981, p. 4304), an Act approved March 20, 1990 (Ga. L. 1990, p. 3900), an Act approved April 13, 1992 (Ga. L. 1992, p. 6137), and an Act approved May 12, 2015 (Ga. L. 2015, p. 3811); to provide for related matters; to provide for a referendum, effective dates, and automatic repeal; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lanier County Building Authority Act; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to create the Lanier County Building Authority; to provide for construction of the Act and severability; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Satilla Regional Water and Sewer Authority; all five board members are elected pursuant to the Act; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating the Ware County Water and Sewer Authority, now known as the Satilla Regional Water and Sewer Authority, approved October 1, 2001 (Ga. L. 2001, Ex. Sess., p. 705), as amended, particularly by an Act approved April 11, 2012 (Ga. L. 2012, p. 5337), so as to provide that all five board members are elected pursuant to the Act; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Warner Robins, City of; provide new charter. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide a new charter for the City of Warner Robins; to provide for construction and severability; to provide for related matters; to provide a specific repealer; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cordele, City of; provide new charter. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide a new charter for the City of Cordele; to provide for definitions and construction; to provide for severability; to provide for related matters; to repeal a specific Act; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Henry County; Redevelopment Powers Law; provide for a referendum. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to authorize Henry County, Georgia, and each municipality located within Henry County, to exercise all redevelopment and other powers under Article IX, Section II, Paragraph VII(b) of the Georgia Constitution and Chapter 44 of Title 36 of the O.C.G.A., the "Redevelopment Powers Law," as amended; to provide for a referendum; to provide for effective dates; to provide for automatic repeal under certain circumstances; to provide for severability; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Heath, Kristie; Clayton County Public Schools' 2019 Certified Support Leader of the Year; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Kristie Heath, Clayton County Public Schools' 2019 Certified Support Leader of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: "C.J.'s Law"; penalty for hit and run accidents that result in serious injury; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 40 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to motor vehicles and traffic, so as to provide for a penalty for hit and run accidents that result in serious injury; to clarify a cross-reference relating to suspensions of drivers' licenses; to provide a definition; to provide a short title; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Public Utilities and Public Transportation; electric membership corporations and their affiliates; authorize; broadband services; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 46 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to public utilities and public transportation, so as to specifically authorize electric membership corporations and their affiliates to provide broadband services; to provide for definitions; to authorize certain financing and partnerships for the provision of broadband services; to prohibit cross-subsidization between the provision of broadband services and an electric membership corporation's natural gas activities or electricity services activities; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cervical Cancer Day; January 16, 2019; Cervical Health Awareness Month; January, 2019; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing January 16, 2019, as Cervical Cancer Day and January, 2019, as Cervical Health Awareness Month; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lincoln County Recreation Authority; repeal. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to repeal an Act creating the Lincoln County Recreation Authority, approved April 29, 1997 (Ga. L.1997, p. 4566); to provide for the assets and liabilities thereof; to provide for related matters; to provide a specific repealer; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Correctional Institutions of the State and Counties; use of unmanned aircraft systems to deliver or attempt to deliver contraband to a place of incarceration; prohibit. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 1 of Chapter 5 of Title 42 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to general provisions regarding correctional institutions of the state and counties, so as to prohibit the use of unmanned aircraft systems to deliver or attempt to deliver contraband to a place of incarceration; to prohibit the use of unmanned aircraft systems to photograph any place of incarceration without permission of the warden or superintendent of such place of incarceration; to provide for penalties; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia enrolled a bill titled: Board of Ethics of DeKalb County; change a definition. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act revising, superseding, and consolidating the laws relating to the governing authority of DeKalb County and creating a chairman and board of commissioners of said county, approved March 8, 1956 (Ga. L. 1956, p. 3237), as amended, particularly by an Act approved April 9, 1981 (Ga. L. 1981, p. 4304), an Act approved March 20, 1990 (Ga. L. 1990, p. 3900), an Act approved April 13, 1992 (Ga. L. 1992, p. 6137), and an Act approved May 12, 2015 (Ga. L. 2015, p. 3811), so as to change a definition regarding the Board of Ethics of DeKalb County to exclude certain employees and persons; to provide for related matters; to provide for a referendum; to provide for contingent effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Specialty License Plate; benefit the Atlanta United Foundation; establish. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 40-2-86 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to special license plates promoting and supporting certain worthy agencies, funds, or nonprofit corporations with proceeds disbursed to the general fund and the agency, fund, or nonprofit corporation, so as to establish a specialty license plate to benefit the Atlanta United Foundation; to provide for related matters; to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Invasion of Privacy; sexual extortion; prohibit; definitions; elements of the crime; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Part 3 of Article 3 of Chapter 11 of Title 16 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to invasion of privacy, so as to prohibit sexual extortion; to provide for definitions; to provide for elements of the crime; to provide for penalties; to provide for venue; to amend Code Section 42-1-12 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the State Sexual Offender Registry, so as to provide a conforming cross-reference; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: "Interstate Medical Licensure Compact Act". Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 34 of Title 43 of the O.C.G.A., relating to physicians, assistants, and others, so as to enter into an interstate compact known as the "Interstate Medical Licensure Compact Act"; to authorize the Georgia Composite Medical Board to administer the compact in this state; to require fingerprint records checks; to provide for application of an expedited license; to provide for a coordinated information system; to provide for joint investigations and discipline; to provide for a commission to administer the compact among the member states; to provide for dispute resolution; to provide for withdrawal from the compact; to provide for construction; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Public Utilities and Public Transportation; authorize telephone cooperatives and their broadband affiliates; provide broadband services. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 46 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to public utilities and public transportation, so as to specifically authorize telephone cooperatives and their broadband affiliates to provide broadband services; to provide for definitions; to authorize certain financing and partnerships for the provision of broadband services; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: "Direct Primary Care Act". Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 7 of Title 33 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to kinds of insurance, limits of risks, and reinsurance, so as to provide definitions; to provide that direct primary care agreements are not insurance; to exempt such agreements from regulation as insurance; to provide for discontinuance of services under certain circumstances; to provide a short title; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dyslexia; identification of and support for students in pre-kindergarten through second grade; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 20 of the O.C.G.A., relating to education, so as to provide for identification of and support for students in pre-kindergarten through second grade with dyslexia; to provide for definitions; to require the Department of Education to make a dyslexia informational handbook available to local school systems; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Counties and Municipal Corporations; establishment of banking improvement zones; areas underserved; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 60 of Title 36 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to general provisions relative to provisions applicable to counties and municipal corporations, so as to provide for the establishment of banking improvement zones to encourage opening of banks in areas underserved by banks; to provide for definitions; to provide for application and standards of approval for a banking improvement zone; to provide for the establishment of an agreement for the deposit of public funds in banks within a banking improvement zone; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Rules of the Road; when driver of a vehicle need not stop upon meeting or passing a school bus; clarify. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 40-6-163 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to duty of driver of vehicle meeting or overtaking school bus, reporting of violations, and civil monetary penalty for violations captured by school bus camera, so as to clarify when the driver of a vehicle need not stop upon meeting or passing a school bus; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Employees' Retirement System of Georgia; prior service as a member of Georgia Defined Contribution Plan; creditable service; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 5 of Chapter 2 of Title 47 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to service creditable toward retirement benefits under the Employees' Retirement System of Georgia, so as to provide for creditable service in the Employees' Retirement System of Georgia for prior service as a member of the Georgia Defined Contribution Plan; to provide for application and payment of the full actuarial cost; to provide for related matters; to provide conditions for an effective date and automatic repeal; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Insurance; imposing a copayment, coinsurance, or office visit charge in an amount greater than charges imposed for physician; prohibit. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 1 of Chapter 24 of Title 33 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to general provisions regarding insurance generally, so as to prohibit certain insurers from imposing a copayment, coinsurance, or office visit charge in an amount greater than such charges imposed for physician or osteopath services to an insured for services rendered by a physical therapist, occupational therapist, or chiropractor; to provide for a definition; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Waiver of Immunity for Motor Vehicle Claims; definition to clarify sheriff, deputy sheriff, other agent, servant, or employee of sheriff's office; include. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 36-92-1 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to definitions regarding waiver of immunity for motor vehicle claims, so as to revise a definition to clarify that a sheriff, deputy sheriff, or other agent, servant, or employee of a sheriff's office shall be included in such waiver for purposes of the waiver of sovereign immunity for local government motor vehicle claims; to clarify and conform such waiver of sovereign immunity in response to Davis v. Morrison, 344 Ga. App. 527 (2018); to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Law Enforcement Officers and Agencies; performing any duty at the scene of an emergency; law enforcement officers shall not be liable; clarify. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 1 of Title 35 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to general provisions regarding law enforcement officers and agencies, so as to clarify that law enforcement officers shall not be liable at law for any action or actions done while performing any duty at the scene of an emergency under certain circumstances; to provide for definitions; to provide for no liability of law enforcement officers for rescuing persons or pets out of certain vehicles; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Torts; conditions upon immunity from civil liability in instances of rendering emergency care; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 1 of Title 51 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to general provisions relative to torts, so as to provide for conditions upon immunity from civil liability in instances of rendering emergency care; to limit liability for property damage caused by the rescue or attempted rescue of animals locked in motor vehicles; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Statute of Frauds; clarify that a mutual agreement to modify an existing promise, agreement, contract; shall be in writing and subject to statute of frauds. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 2 of Chapter 5 of Title 13 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the statute of frauds, so as to clarify that a mutual agreement to modify or alter an existing promise, agreement, contract, or commitment that is subject to the statute of frauds shall itself be in writing and subject to the statute of frauds; to provide that a mutual agreement to cancel, revoke, or rescind a promise, agreement, contract, or commitment that is subject to the statute of frauds shall itself be in writing and subject to the statute of frauds; to respond to the holdings in Crop Production Services, Inc. v. Moye, 345 Ga. App. 228 (March 15, 2018); to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Courts; electronic filing requirements of superior and state courts; certain types of filings; exclude. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 15 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to courts, so as to exclude certain types of filings from the electronic filing requirements of superior and state courts; to allow individuals who are not attorneys to file such pleadings and documents in paper form; to provide that fees for electronic filings shall not be charged to the Attorney General, district attorneys, solicitors-general, or public defenders; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Sexual Assault By Persons with Supervisory or Disciplinary Authority; sexual contact between an employee and student enrolled at such school; prohibit. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 16-6-5.1 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to sexual assault by persons with supervisory or disciplinary authority, so as to prohibit sexual contact between an employee or volunteer of any school and a student enrolled at such school; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Revenue Bonds; definition of the term "undertaking" as it relates to electric systems; revise. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 3 of Chapter 82 of Title 36 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to revenue bonds, so as to revise the definition of the term "undertaking" as it relates to electric systems; to provide for related matters; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Retirement Benefits; creditable service for certain military service; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 5 of Chapter 2 of Title 47 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to service creditable toward retirement benefits, so as to provide for creditable service for certain military service; to provide for application and payment; to provide for related matters; to provide conditions for an effective date and automatic repeal; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Code Revision Commission; statutory portion of said Code; revise, modernize, correct errors or omissions in and reenact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, so as to revise, modernize, correct errors or omissions in, and reenact the statutory portion of said Code, as amended, in furtherance of the work of the Code Revision Commission; to repeal portions of said Code, or Acts in amendment thereof, which have become obsolete, have been declared to be unconstitutional, or have been preempted or superseded by subsequent laws; to codify principles of law derived from decisions of the state Supreme Court; to provide for other matters relating to revision, reenactment, and publication of said Code; to provide for effect in event of conflicts; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Retirement; method and manner by which a member of the Employees' Retirement System of Georgia may purchase an annuity; revise. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 3 of Chapter 2 of Title 47 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to employee and employer contributions and creation of funds for contributions, benefits, and administrative expenses, so as to revise the method and manner by which a member of the Employees' Retirement System of Georgia may purchase an annuity; to authorize the board of trustees to offer a supplemental guaranteed lifetime annuity to certain retired members purchased by transfer of funds from the state sponsored deferred compensation plans; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: "Consumer Coverage and Protection for Out-of Network Medical Care Act"; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 33 of the O.C.G.A., relating to insurance, so as to establish standards for carriers and health care providers with regard to payment under a managed care plan in the provision of emergency medical care; to provide for applicability; to provide for definitions; to provide for certain patient or prospective patient disclosures; to provide for insurer disclosures; to provide for requirements regarding the provision of emergency medical care for covered persons under a managed care plan; to provide for requirements for managed care plan contracts between carriers and covered persons; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: "Streamlining Wireless Facilities and Antennas Act". Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 36 of the O.C.G.A., relating to local government, so as to enact the "Streamlining Wireless Facilities and Antennas Act"; to streamline the deployment of wireless broadband in the public rights of way; to address any perceived conflicts between this Act and Chapter 66B of Title 36;to provide that nothing in this Act relieves any person of any duties provided for in Chapter 9 of Title 25; to provide for related matters; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Attorney General; written approval that allows for a private person to bring a civil action regarding false taxpayer claims; eliminate requirement. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 23-3-122 of the O.C.G.A., relating to investigations by Attorney General, civil actions authorized, intervention by government, limitation on participating in litigation, stay of discovery, alternative remedies, division of recovery, and limitations, so as to eliminate the requirement that the Attorney General provide written approval that allows for a private person to bring a civil action regarding false taxpayer claims; to amend Code Section 49-4-168.2 of the O.C.G.A., relating to role of Attorney General in pursuing cases, civil actions by private persons, special procedures for civil actions by private persons, limitation on participation, stay of discovery, and receipt of proceeds; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: "Jeremy Nelson and Nick Blakely Sudden Cardiac Arrest Prevention Act". Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Part 15 of Article 6 of Chapter 2 of Title 20 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to miscellaneous provisions under the "Quality Basic Education Act," so as to provide for guidelines and other relevant materials to inform high school students participating in interscholastic athletic activities about the nature and warning signs of sudden cardiac arrest; to provide for definitions; to provide for informational meetings; to provide for removal from an athletic activity under certain circumstances and to establish return to play policies; to require annual review by coaches; to provide for limited liability; to provide a short title; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Alternative Ad Valorem Tax on Motor Vehicles; transfer of a title between legal entities owned by the same person; not constitute a taxable event; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 5C of Title 48 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to alternative ad valorem tax on motor vehicles, so as to provide that the transfer of a title between legal entities owned by the same person does not constitute a taxable event; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Tatum, Av Maria; Clayton County Public Schools' 2019 Classified Support Leader of the Year; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Av Maria Tatum, Clayton County Public Schools' 2019 Classified Support Leader of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Capital Outlay Funds; eligibility for regular funding, advance funding for educational facilities; destroyed by fire or natural disaster; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Part 10 of Article 6 of Chapter 2 of Title 20 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to capital outlay funds for elementary and secondary education, so as to provide for eligibility for regular funding, advance funding, and low-wealth capital outlay funding for educational facilities that are extensively destroyed or damaged by a fire or natural disaster to concurrently repair, update, or replace the portion of any such facility that was not destroyed or damaged; to provide an additional path for eligibility for local school systems for low-wealth capital outlay funding; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Local School Systems; financial management; strengthen provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 20 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to education, so as to strengthen provisions relating to the financial management of local school systems; to provide for training for local board of education members and local school superintendents on financial management; to provide for monthly reporting to the local board of education on the financial stability of the local school system; to provide for designation by the Department of Audits and Accounts of high-risk local school systems and moderate-risk local school systems based on annual audits; to provide for financial management provisions in flexibility contracts and system charters; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Hospital Authority; sale or lease of a hospital; provisions; revise. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 4 of Chapter 7 of Title 31 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to county and municipal hospital authorities, so as to revise provisions relating to the sale or lease of a hospital by a hospital authority; to provide for the investment of funds by certain hospital authorities; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Game and Fish; hunting on wildlife management areas; prohibition; remove. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 1 of Title 27 of the O.C.G.A., relating to general provisions relative to game and fish, so as to remove a prohibition on hunting on wildlife management areas; to change the date of effective rules and regulations of the Board of Natural Resources; to amend Part 1 of Article 1 of Chapter 3 of Title 27 of the O.C.G.A., relating to general provisions relative to hunting, so as to provide for regulation of hunting with air guns of not less than 0.30 caliber; to modify seasons and bag limits for deer, opossum, and raccoon; to modify certain prohibitions relating to restrictions on hunting feral hogs; to amend various provisions of the O.C.G.A., so as to make conforming changes; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Peace Officers' Annuity and Benefit Fund; fees collected in criminal and quasi-criminal cases prior to adjudication of guilt; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 15-18-80 and Article 4 of Chapter 17 of Title 47 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to policy and procedure relative to pretrial intervention and diversion programs and revenues collected from fines and fees relative to the Peace Officers' Annuity and Benefit Fund, respectively, so as to provide that payments to the Peace Officers' Annuity and Benefit Fund from fees collected in criminal and quasi-criminal cases prior to adjudication of guilt shall be deducted and remitted by the clerk of court directly to the secretary-treasurer of such fund; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: State Flag, Seal, and other Symbols; additional protections for government statues; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 3 of Title 50 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to state flag, seal, and other symbols, so as to provide additional protections for government statues, monuments, plaques, banners, and other commemorative symbols; to provide definitions; to provide for related matters; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Outdoor Advertising; references to the term "mechanical" in relation to multiple message signs; remove. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 32-6-75 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to restrictions on outdoor advertising authorized by Code Sections 32-6-72 and 32-6-73 and multiple message signs on the interstate system, primary highways, and other highways, so as to remove references to the term "mechanical" in relation to multiple message signs; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Quality Basic Education; elective courses in History and Literature of the Old and New Testament Eras; provisions; revise. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Part 2 of Article 6 of Chapter 2 of Title 20 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to competencies and core curriculum relative to quality basic education, so as to revise provisions relating to elective courses in History and Literature of the Old and New Testament Eras; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jenkins, Doria; Clayton County Public Schools' 2019 Teacher of the Year; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Doria Jenkins, Clayton County Public Schools' 2019 Teacher of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Toombs County Development Authority; qualifications of members of said authority; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing for the membership of the Toombs County Development Authority, approved March 2, 1990 (Ga. L. 1990, p. 3640), which authority was created pursuant to an amendment to the Constitution as contained in Ga. L. 1966, p. 787, and continued by an Act approved March 20, 1985 (Ga. L. 1985, p. 3962), so as to provide for the qualifications of members of said authority; to provide for terms of certain members of District No. 2 of the authority; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: City of Decatur; corporate limits; change. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing a new charter for the City of Decatur, approved April 13, 2001 (Ga. L. 2001, p. 4351), as amended, particularly by an Act approved April 11, 2012 (Ga. L. 2012, p. 4836), so as to change the corporate limits of the city; to provide for related matters; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Nonpublic Postsecondary Educational Institutions; exemption for dental schools meeting certain criteria; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 20-3-250.3 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to educational institutions exempted from application of part relative to nonpublic postsecondary educational institutions, so as to provide for an exemption for dental schools meeting certain criteria; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Professional Licensing Boards; refuse to issue a license; borrower in default under an educational loan issued through the Georgia Higher Education Assistance Corporation; prohibit. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend various titles of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated so as to prohibit professional licensing boards from refusing to issue a license or suspending or revoking the license of a person who is a borrower in default under an educational loan issued through the Georgia Higher Education Assistance Corporation or through a federal agency; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Superior Court of the Cherokee Judicial Circuit; supplement to be paid to each judge of such circuit; change. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing a supplement to the salary of the judge of the Superior Court of the Cherokee Judicial Circuit, approved March 22, 1963 (Ga. L. 1963, p. 182), as amended, particularly by an Act approved January 31, 2014 (Ga. L. 2014, p. 3501), so as to change the supplement to be paid to each judge of such circuit; to provide for related matters; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Local Government; terms for contracts for utility services; change. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 36 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to local government, so as to change the terms for contracts for utility services; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Self-Service Storage Facilities; limit fees charged and collected by self-service storage facilities for the late payment of rent; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 5 of Chapter 4 of Title 10 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to self-service storage facilities, so as to provide for and limit fees charged and collected by self-service storage facilities for the late payment of rent; to provide for liens and the enforcement of liens for fees for the late payment of rent; to update and revise definitions for clarity and conformity; to provide for applicability; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Department of Natural Resources' Online Licensing System; allow applicants to make an anatomical gift; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 27-2-2 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to issuance and sale of hunting, fishing, and trapping licenses, so as to provide that applications processed through the Department of Natural Resources' online licensing system allow applicants to make an anatomical gift; to provide for legislative findings; to provide for education regarding anatomical gifts; to authorize the Department of Natural Resources to share donor information with organ procurement organizations; to provide for applicability; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Telephone System for the Physically Impaired; state-wide dual party relay service and audible universal information access service; provisions; change. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Part 1A of Article 2 of Chapter 5 of Title 46 of the O.C.G.A., relating to telephone system for the physically impaired, so as to change certain provisions relating to the establishment, administration, and operation of the state-wide dual party relay service and audible universal information access service; to change certain legislative findings and declarations; to modify the prohibition as to the distribution of telecommunications equipment under the telecommunications equipment distribution program based on a certain income level; to provide that wireless devices and applications may be distributed as part of the telecommunications equipment distribution program; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: "Unlocking the Promise Community Schools Act"; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 2 of Title 20 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to elementary and secondary education, so as to provide for a pilot program to plan, implement, and improve sustainable community schools; to provide for planning grants; to provide for operational grants; to provide for definitions; to provide for applications for grants; to require the development of community school plans; to provide for requirements for grant recipients; to delineate the purposes for which grant funds may be used; to provide for reports; to provide for automatic repeal; to provide for related matters; to provide for a short title; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Resuscitation; parental requirement for consent; revise. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 31-39-4 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to persons authorized to issue order not to resuscitate, so as to revise parental requirement for consent; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: "Patients First Act". Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 7 of Chapter 4 of Title 49 and Title 33 of the O.C.G.A., relating to medical assistance and insurance, respectively, so as to authorize the Department of Community Health to submit a Section 1115 waiver request to the United States Department of Health and Human Services Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services; to authorize the Governor to submit a Section 1332 innovation waiver proposal to the United States Secretaries of Health and Human Services and the Treasury; to provide for implementation of approved Section 1332 waivers; to provide for expiration of authority; to provide for legislative findings; to provide for related matters; to provide for a short title; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Competencies and Core Curriculum; computer science in middle school and high school; require. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Part 2 of Article 6 of Chapter 2 of Title 20 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to competencies and core curriculum, so as to require courses in computer science in middle school and high school; to provide for legislative findings; to provide for definitions; to provide for a phase-in of such requirement; to provide for courses through the Georgia Virtual School; to provide for grants for professional development programs for teachers providing instruction in computer science courses and content; to provide for annual reporting; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Courts; State-wide Business Court; pursuant to the Constitution of this state; establish. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 15 of the O.C.G.A., relating to courts, so as to establish the State-wide Business Court pursuant to the Constitution of this state; to amend Code Section 45-7-4 of the O.C.G.A., relating to general provisions regarding salaries and fees, so as to designate a salary for the judge of the State-wide Business Court; to amend Title 5 of the O.C.G.A., relating to appeal and error, so as to make conforming changes regarding appeals; to amend Chapter 4 of Title 9, Title 23, and Code Section 33-39-21 of the O.C.G.A., relating to declaratory judgments, equity, and equitable relief relative to insurance, respectively, so as to make conforming changes regarding equity; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Magistrate Court of Dooly County; judge of the Probate Court of Dooly County shall also serve as the chief magistrate; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide that the judge of the Probate Court of Dooly County shall also serve as the chief magistrate of the Magistrate Court of Dooly County on or after January 1, 2021, or upon vacancy of the office of chief magistrate, whichever occurs first; to provide for the continuation in office and expiration of term of the current chief magistrate; to provide for the compensation of such judge for service as chief magistrate; to provide for nonpartisan elections to the combined position of probate judge and chief magistrate; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Waste Management; the coal ash surcharge imposed by host local governments; eliminate. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 8 of Title 12 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to waste management, so as to eliminate the coal ash surcharge imposed by host local governments regarding municipal solid waste disposal facilities operated by private enterprise; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: "Medical Practice Act of the State of Georgia"; telemedicine licenses for physicians in other states; engage in the practice of medicine with patients in this state through telemedicine; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 2 of Chapter 34 of Title 43 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the "Medical Practice Act of the State of Georgia," so as to provide for telemedicine licenses for physicians licensed in other states to engage in the practice of medicine with patients in this state through telemedicine; to provide for requirements for issuance of a telemedicine license; to provide for restrictions; to provide for notice of restrictions placed on a license by another state; to provide for rules and regulations; to provide for revocation; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lanier County; board of elections and registration; create. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to create a board of elections and registration for Lanier County; to provide for its powers and duties; to provide for the composition of the board and the selection and appointment of members and an elections supervisor; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Public Retirement Systems Standards Law; that does not require an individual to pay the full actuarial cost of obtaining such creditable service; prohibit passage of any law. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 1 of Chapter 20 of Title 47 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to general provisions of the Public Retirement Systems Standards Law, so as to prohibit the passage of any law, rule, regulation, resolution, or ordinance that allows for creditable service in a retirement system that does not require an individual to pay the full actuarial cost of obtaining such creditable service; to provide for the amendment of existing laws; to provide for an exception; to provide for optional payment plans for creditable service; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Insurance; Georgia Telemedicine Act; modernize; Telemedicine Act the Telehealth Act; rename. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 1 of Chapter 24 of Title 33 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to insurance generally, so as to modernize the Georgia Telemedicine Act; to rename the Telemedicine Act the Telehealth Act; to revise the definition of telemedicine; to provide a definition of telehealth; to prohibit insurers from requiring insureds to use telemedicine; to provide for pay equity for health care providers using telemedicine; to provide for related matters; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: "Georgia Measuring Success Act". Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 3 of Chapter 5 of Title 28 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to fiscal bills generally, so as to require an economic analysis prior to the introduction or amendment of legislation containing tax incentives or modifying or extending existing tax incentives; to provide for definitions; to provide for a short title; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Prescription Drug Monitoring Program Data Base; length of time prescription information is retained from two years to five years; increase. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Part 2 of Article 2 of Chapter 13 of Title 16 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the prescription drug monitoring program data base, so as to increase the length of time that prescription information is retained in the data base from two years to five years; to authorize the Attorney General's Medicaid Fraud Control Unit to access the data base for enforcement purposes; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Motor Vehicle Franchise Practices; protection of certain consumer data in motor vehicle sales or lease transactions; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 22 of Chapter 1 of Title 10 of the O.C.G.A., relating to motor vehicle franchise practices, so as to provide for protection of certain consumer data in motor vehicle sales or lease transactions; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Blile, Dawn; Clayton County Public Schools' 2019 Classified Support Professional of the Year; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION Commending Dawn Blile, Clayton County Public Schools' 2019 Classified Support Professional of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Motor Fuel Tax; electronic filing of certain reports; require. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 1 of Chapter 9 of Title 48 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to motor fuel tax, so as to require electronic filing of certain reports; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date and applicability; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Income Tax Payment; person required to submit a statement of taxes withheld shall be assessed a late penalty after the due date; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 5 of Chapter 7 of Title 48 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to current income tax payment, so as to provide that each person required to submit a statement of taxes withheld, final payment of wages, or an annual or final return shall be assessed a late penalty for statements furnished after the due date; to provide for an effective date and applicability; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Office of Probate Judge of Johnson County; future nonpartisan elections; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide that future elections for the office of probate judge of Johnson County, who also serves as chief magistrate of the Magistrate Court of Johnson County, shall be nonpartisan elections; to provide for related matters; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: 'Georgia Major Airport Authority Act'. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 6 of the O.C.G.A., relating to aviation, so as to create the Georgia Major Airport Authority; to amend Article 1 of Chapter 15 of Title 45 of the O.C.G.A., to general provisions relative to the Attorney General, so as to provide for representation of the Georgia Major Airport Authority by the Attorney General; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Insurance; modernization and updates; provide; Commission on the Georgia Health Insurance Risk Pool; repeal Article 2 of Chapter 29A. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 33 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to insurance, so as to provide for modernization and updates; to amend various provisions of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated for purposes of conformity; to repeal Article 2 of Chapter 29A, relating to the Commission on the Georgia Health Insurance Risk Pool; to provide for any assets, liabilities, and obligations thereof; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Insurance; modernization and updates; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 33 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to insurance, so as to provide for modernization and updates; to amend various provisions of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated for purposes of conformity; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Commission on the Holocaust; commission for administrative purposes; reassign. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 8 of Chapter 12 of Title 50 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the Georgia Commission on the Holocaust, so as to reassign the commission for administrative purposes; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Turner, Dr. Caryn; Clayton County Public Schools' 2019 Principal of the Year; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Dr. Caryn Turner, Clayton County Public Schools' 2019 Principal of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Workers' Compensation; certain provisions; change. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 9 of Title 34 of the O.C.G.A., relating to workers' compensation, so as to change certain provisions related to workers' compensation administration and benefits; to change certain provisions relating to the eligibility for appointment as administrative law judge emeritus of the State Board of Workers' Compensation; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Tuskegee University; specialty license plate; establish. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 40-2-86 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to special license plates promoting and supporting certain beneficial projects, agencies, funds, or nonprofit corporations, so as to establish a specialty license plate to benefit Tuskegee University; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Disabled First Responders; certain benefits; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend the Official Code of Georgia Annotated so as to provide certain benefits to disabled first responders; to amend Article 3 of Chapter 2 of Title 40 of the O.C.G.A., so as to provide for a free license plate for certain disabled first responders; to amend Code Section 48-5C-1 of the O.C.G.A., relating to alternative ad valorem tax on motor vehicles; to amend Code Section 48-7-27 of the O.C.G.A., relating to computation of net income, so as to exempt disability payments to certain disabled first responders from state income tax; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: World War I Centennial Commission; sunset provisions; extend. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 3 of Chapter 13 of Title 45 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the World War I Centennial Commission, so as to extend the sunset provision; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: City of Acworth; reference a certain map; adopt. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to reincorporate and provide a new charter for the City of Acworth, approved February 17, 1989 (Ga. L. 1989, p. 3512), as amended, so as to adopt by reference a certain map; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Insurance; statement indicating that the subscriber's health policy is fully insured is included on a subscriber's health insurance identification card; require. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 24 of Title 33 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to insurance generally, so as to require that a statement indicating that the subscriber's health policy is fully insured is included on a subscriber's health insurance identification card; to provide for definitions; to provide for related matters; to provide for applicability; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Taxes on Tobacco Products; issuance of special event tobacco permits; authorizing off-premise sales of certain tobacco products; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 11 of Title 48 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to taxes on tobacco products, so as to provide for the issuance of special event tobacco permits to licensed dealers authorizing off-premise sales of certain tobacco products at special events or temporary locations; to provide for such permits a fee and limitations as to the validity period; to provide for the promulgation of certain rules and regulations by the state revenue commissioner; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Coroner's Training Council; hearing complaints from outside parties regarding coroners; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 45-16-65 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the powers and duties of the Georgia Coroner's Training Council, so as to provide for hearing complaints from outside parties regarding coroners; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Alcoholic Beverages; retail package liquor stores conduct tasting events; samples of alcoholic beverages may be served; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 3 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to alcoholic beverages, so as to provide that retail package liquor stores may conduct tasting events at which samples of alcoholic beverages may be served; to provide for definitions; to provide for terms and conditions of tasting events; to provide for the remission of taxes applicable to tasting events; to provide for the promulgation of rules and regulations by the state revenue commissioner; to specify that manufacturers and wholesalers may provide samples of alcoholic beverages to retail dealers under certain conditions; to revise provisions for purposes of conformity; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Motor Vehicles; retain custody of the vehicle under certain conditions; valid number license plate without required revalidation decal affixed; permit. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 1 of Chapter 2 of Title 40 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to registration and licensing of motor vehicles generally, so as to permit the owner or operator of a vehicle which has a valid number license plate without the required revalidation decal affixed to the plate to retain custody of the vehicle under certain conditions; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Insurance; division of a domestic insurer into two or more resulting domestic insurers; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 33 of the O.C.G.A., relating to insurance, so as to provide for the division of a domestic insurer into two or more resulting domestic insurers; to provide for definitions; to provide for a plan of division subject to approval by the Insurance Commissioner; to amend Part 1 of Article 13 of Chapter 2 of Title 14 of the O.C.G.A., relating to the right to dissent and obtain payment for shares, so as to add the right to dissent and obtain payment for shares for a division of a domestic insurer; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Public Funds; when funds shall be considered to held by a depository; specify; State Depository Board certain policies and procedures related to deposit placement programs; establish. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 8 of Title 45 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to accounting for public funds, so as to specify when funds shall be considered to be held by a depository; to require the State Depository Board to establish certain policies and procedures related to deposit placement programs; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: "Anti-Human Trafficking Protective Response Act". Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Titles 9, 15, 16, 17, and 41 of the O.C.G.A., relating to civil practice, courts, crimes and offenses, criminal procedure, and nuisances, respectively, so as to provide additional safeguards and protections against human trafficking; to authorize DFCS to provide care and supervision to children who are victims of human trafficking; to expand prohibitions against trafficking of persons for labor or sexual servitude; to provide a short title; to provide for related matters; to conform certain cross-references; to provide an effective date and for applicability; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Motor Vehicles and Traffic; operation of motorized mobility devices; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 40 of the O.C.G.A., relating to motor vehicles and traffic, so as to provide for the operation of motorized mobility devices; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Education; weighted scores for certain coursework for purposes of determining HOPE scholarship and Zell Miller scholarship eligibility; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 20 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to education, so as to provide for weighted scores for certain coursework for purposes of determining HOPE scholarship and Zell Miller scholarship eligibility; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Local Government; disaster mitigation improvements and broadband services infrastructure; downtown development authorities; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 36 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to local government, so as to provide for disaster mitigation improvements and broadband services infrastructure in projects of downtown development authorities and development authorities; to provide for definitions; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: "Tim Tebow Act" or "Equal Opportunity for Access in Education Act". Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Part 14 of Article 6 of Chapter 2 of Title 20 of the O.C.G.A., relating to other educational programs under the "Quality Basic Education Act," so as to authorize home study students to participate in extracurricular and interscholastic activities in the student's resident public school system; to provide for definitions; to provide eligibility requirements; to prohibit certain limitations by resident school systems, public schools, and athletic associations with respect to home study students participating in extracurricular and interscholastic activities; to provide for participation at a particular public school; to provide for participation fees; to provide for a short title; to provide for legislative findings; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Relative Search by DFCS; foster placement for a child adjudicated as a dependent; determine such child's permanency plan; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 15-11-211 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to relative search by DFCS, so as to provide that a foster placement for a child adjudicated as a dependent child may be deemed as the child's fictive kin in determining such child's permanency plan; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Nurses; certain definitions; revise. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 26 of Title 43 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to nurses, so as to revise certain definitions relating to nurses; to clarify requirements relating to granting authorization to holders of multistate licenses to engage in advanced nursing practice; to repeal a provision relating to the Nurse Licensure Compact; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: State and Other Flags; Honor and Remember flag as the state's emblem of the service and sacrifice of the members of the armed forces; designate. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 1 of Chapter 3 of Title 50 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to state and other flags, so as to designate the Honor and Remember flag as the state's emblem of the service and sacrifice of the members of the armed forces; to provide for the display of the Honor and Remember flag at designated state-owned properties on certain designated days; to provide that such flags are manufactured in the United States; to provide that local governments may display the Honor and Remember flag; to provide for the adoption of guidelines for the display of such flags; to provide for the procurement and distribution of such flags; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Courts, Primaries and Elections, and Ad Valorem Taxation; compensation of various local government officials; modify. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 15, Chapter 2 of Title 21, and Chapter 5 of Title 48 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to courts, primaries and elections generally, and ad valorem taxation of property, respectively, so as to modify the compensation of various local government officials; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Teachers Retirement System of Georgia; certain public employers to make employer and employee contributions; require. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 7 of Chapter 3 of Title 47 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to retirement allowances, disability benefits, and spouses' benefits, so as to require certain public employers to make employer and employee contributions to the Teachers Retirement System of Georgia for employed beneficiaries; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Employees' Retirement System of Georgia; certain public employers; make employer and employee contribution on behalf of retired members; require. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 2 of Title 37 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to administration of mental health, developmental disabilities, addictive diseases, and other disability services, so as to remove a cross-reference; to amend Chapter 2 of Title 47 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the Employees' Retirement System of Georgia, so as to require certain public employers to make employer and employee contributions to the Employees' Retirement System of Georgia on behalf of retired members employed by such employers either directly or indirectly; to remove a cross-reference; to provide for a definition; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: General Assembly; requirements for consideration of local legislation revising existing districts or creating new districts; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 1 of Title 28 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the General Assembly generally, so as to provide the requirements for consideration of local legislation revising existing districts or creating new districts by the General Assembly; to provide for preparation or review of local districting plans by the staff of the Legislative and Congressional Reapportionment Office; to provide for requirements and procedures; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lupus Advocacy Day at the state capitol; February 27, 2019; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 27, 2019, as Lupus Advocacy Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Seafood; mariculture development; legislative findings; definitions; unlawful acts; permitting; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 4 of Chapter 4 of Title 27 of the O.C.G.A., relating to seafood, so as to provide for mariculture development; to amend Code Section 12-5-295 of the O.C.G.A., relating to applicability of activities in coastal marshlands, so as to revise and add an exemption certain; to provide for related matters; to provide for effective dates and applicability; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Revenue and Taxation; each person that files FORM 1099-K with the Internal Revenue Service shall also file electronically to the state revenue commissioner on or before federal deadline; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 2 of Title 48 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to state administration and enforcement of revenue and taxation, so as to provide that each person that files or is required to file Form 1099-K with the Internal Revenue Service shall also electronically file a copy of each such form to the state revenue commissioner on or before the federal deadline; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: State Employees' Health Insurance Plan; services covered and furnished by a federally qualified health center are reimbursed at no less than the Medicare maximum; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Part 1 of Article 1 of Chapter 18 of Title 45 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the state employees' health insurance plan, so as to provide that services covered under the state health benefit plan and furnished by a federally qualified health center are reimbursed at no less than the Medicare maximum allowable reimbursement rate; to provide for definitions; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Trusts; qualified self-settled spendthrift trusts; establish. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 12 of Title 53 of the O.C.G.A., relating to trusts, so as to establish qualified self-settled spendthrift trusts; to provide for exceptions for spendthrift provisions of trusts which are not within qualified self-settled spendthrift trusts; to provide for claims by creditors for such trusts; to provide for the creation of such trusts; to provide for transfers to such trusts; to provide for vacancies of trustees; to provide for standards for such trusts to be considered nonrevocable; to provide for claims for relief; to amend Part 4 of Article 9 of Title 11 of the O.C.G.A., relating to rights of third parties to secured transactions, so as to exclude qualified self-settled spendthrift trusts from restrictions on assignment; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Reinsurance of Risks; adequate regulation of reinsurers; incorporation of the National Association of Insurance Commissioners reinsurance model into the Georgia Insurance Code; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 33-7-14 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to reinsurance of risks, so as to provide adequate regulation of reinsurers; to provide for the incorporation of the National Association of Insurance Commissioners reinsurance model law into the Georgia Insurance Code; to provide domestic ceding insurers credit as either an asset or a deduction in liability on account of reinsurance purchased only when the purchase meets new requirements; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Child Custody Intrastate Jurisdiction Act; party may bring a counterclaim for contempt in response to a complaint seeking a change of legal or physical custody; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 2 of Chapter 9 of Title 19 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the Child Custody Intrastate Jurisdiction Act, so as to provide that a party may bring a counterclaim for contempt or enforcement of a child custody order or for modification of legal or physical custody in response to a complaint seeking a change of legal or physical custody; to revise definitions; to provide that a party may make a cross-motion or counterclaim for contempt or enforcement of a child custody order in response to a motion for contempt or enforcement of a custody order; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Courts; law assistants as law clerks and staff attorneys; rename. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 15 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to courts, and Code Section 47-2-263 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to credit for certain past service as an assistant district attorney or employee of the Prosecuting Attorneys' Council, payment of employee contributions, and credit for service as a full-time law assistant, so as to rename law assistants as law clerks and staff attorneys; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: "Prescription Drug Benefits Freedom of Information and Consumer Protection Act"; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 33 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to insurance, so as to provide for consumer protections and freedom of information regarding prescription drug benefits; to provide for intent and applicability; to provide for definitions; to provide for requirements; to provide for an advisory committee; to provide for related matters; to provide for a short title; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Georgia Department of Transportation; procedure for appealing the rejection of a contract bid; require. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 4 of Chapter 2 of Title 32 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to exercise of power to contract by the Georgia Department of Transportation, so as to require the department to develop a procedure for appealing the rejection of a contract bid; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Title Insurance; lender's security interest; personal property taken by the lender as collateral for a commercial loan; allow. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 33-7-8 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to title insurance, so as to allow title insurance to be procured on a lender's security interest in personal property taken by the lender as collateral for a commercial loan; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Board for Physician Workforce; change name; board's membership; revise. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 10 of Title 49 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the Georgia Board for Physician Workforce, so as to change the name of such board to the Georgia Board of Health Care Workforce; to revise the board's membership; to provide for current members of the board to serve out their terms of office; to amend the Official Code of Georgia Annotated so as to conform cross-references; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Drivers Licenses; implied consent notices; revise. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 3 of Chapter 5 of Title 40 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to cancellation, suspension, and revocation of licenses, so as to revise the implied consent notices; to provide for related matters; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Advertisement and Sale of Meat; representation of nonanimal products and non-slaughtered animal flesh as meat; render unlawful. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 4 of Chapter 2 of Title 26 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to advertisement and sale of meat generally, so as to render unlawful the representation of nonanimal products and non-slaughtered animal flesh as meat; to provide a definition; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Department of Driver Services; criteria; authorize certain licensed driver training schools to administer on-the-road driving skills testing; revise. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 40-5-27 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to examination of applicants, so as to revise the criteria by which the Department of Driver Services shall authorize certain licensed driver training schools to administer the on-the-road driving skills testing; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Campaign Contributions; content of and certain reporting times for certain campaign disclosure reports; revise. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 2 of Chapter 5 of Title 21 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to campaign contributions, so as to revise the content of and certain reporting times for certain campaign disclosure reports; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Barbers and Cosmetologists; the number of apprenticeship hours required; change. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 10 of Title 43 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to barbers and cosmetologists, so as to change the number of apprenticeship hours required for cosmetologists, hair designers, estheticians, nail technicians, master barbers, and barbers II; to remove other requirements for certificates of registration; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ad Valorem Taxation; local governments to accept prepayments of ad valorem taxes; allow. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 5 of Title 48 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to ad valorem taxation of property, so as to allow local governments to accept prepayments of ad valorem taxes; to provide for conditions, limitations, and procedures; to provide for an effective date; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Education; general educational development (GED) diploma; correctly answer 60 percent questions on the US Citizenship Civics Test; require. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 1 of Chapter 1 of Title 20 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to general provisions relative to education, so as to require high school students and students seeking a general educational development (GED) diploma to correctly answer 60 percent of the questions on the United States Citizenship Civics Test for purposes of being eligible to receive a high school diploma or a general educational development (GED) diploma; to provide for multiple attempts; to provide for certification of scores; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Criminal Procedure; Georgia Council on Criminal Justice Reform; create. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 17 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to criminal procedure, so as to create the Georgia Council on Criminal Justice Reform and provide for its members, chairperson, other officers, committees, staff, funding, duties, powers, and sunset of such commission; to provide for a definition; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Juvenile Code; in conformity with the federal Social Security Act and the Family First Prevention Services Act; bring provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 1 of Chapter 11 of Title 15 of the O.C.G.A., relating to general provisions regarding the Juvenile Code, so as to bring such provisions in conformity with the federal Social Security Act and the Family First Prevention Services Act; to amend Articles 3 and 4 of Chapter 11 of Title 15 of the O.C.G.A., relating to dependency proceedings and termination of parental rights; to amend Article 1 of Chapter 5 of Title 49 of the O.C.G.A., relating to children and youth services;to amend Article 2 of Chapter 13 of Title 50 of the O.C.G.A., relating to the Office of State Administrative Hearings; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Special License Plates; benefit the Georgia Alliance of Boys & Girls Clubs, Inc.; establish. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 40-2-86 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to special license plates promoting and supporting certain worthy agencies, funds, or nonprofit corporations with proceeds disbursed to the general fund and the agency, fund, or nonprofit corporation, so as to establish a specialty license plate to benefit the Georgia Alliance of Boys & Girls Clubs, Inc.; to provide for related matters; to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: "City of Tucker Public Facilities Authority Act". Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to create the City of Tucker Public Facilities Authority and to provide for the appointment of members of the authority; to confer powers upon the authority; to provide for purpose and scope of operations of the authority; to provide for definitions; to authorize the issuance of revenue bonds of the authority; to fix and provide the venue and jurisdiction of actions relating to any provisions of this Act; to provide for monies received and trust funds; to provide for tort immunity; to provide for tax exemption, rates, charges, and revenues; to provide for effect on other governments; to provide for construction of act and severability; to provide for a short title; to provide for related matters; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Judge of Probate Court; shall also serve as chief magistrate judge of the Magistrate Court of Atkinson County on and after January 1, 2021; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide that the judge of the Probate Court of Atkinson County shall also serve as the chief magistrate judge of the Magistrate Court of Atkinson County on and after January 1, 2021; to provide for the continuation in office and expiration of term of the current chief magistrate judge; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Tax Commissioner of Lee County; shall retain a percentage of educational funds; repeal an Act. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to repeal an Act providing that the tax commissioner of Lee County shall retain a percentage of educational funds collected by said officer and remit the same to the governing authority of Lee County to reimburse the county for the cost of collecting school taxes, approved May 30, 2003 (Ga. L. 2003, p. 3937); to provide for related matters; to provide a specific repealer; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Montoya, Ignacio; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Ignacio Montoya; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lumpkin County Water And Sewerage Authority; composition; change. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating the Lumpkin County Water and Sewerage Authority, approved March 21, 1984 (Ga. L. 1984, p. 4500), as amended, so as to change the composition of the authority; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Town of Toomsboro, Georgia; new charter; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide a new charter for the Town of Toomsboro, Georgia;to provide for related matters; to repeal a specific Act; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dade County Water and Sewer Authority; composition; terms of office for members, and vacancies; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating the Dade County Water and Sewer Authority, approved March 25, 1958 (Ga. L. 1958, p. 3260), as amended, particularly by an Act approved May 11, 2010 (Ga. L. 2010, p. 3535), so as to provide for the composition of the authority; to provide for the terms of office for members of the authority; to provide for vacancies; to provide for certain duties of the authority; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: City of Buford; a certain map; adopt by reference. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing a new charter for the City of Buford, approved June 3, 2003 (Ga. L. 2003, p. 4622), as amended, so as to adopt by reference a certain map; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: DeKalb County Board of Registration and Elections; board members; appoint and nominate. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to provide for the DeKalb County Board of Registration and Elections, approved June 3, 2003 (Ga. L. 2003, p. 4200), as amended, so as to provide that board members shall be appointed by the chief judge of the superior court; to provide for the nomination of potential board members; to update provisions regarding the certification of members appointed to the board; to provide for the selection of a chairman; to provide for related matters; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Magistrate Court of Troup County; technology fee for conviction of traffic or ordinance violation; charge. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to authorize the Magistrate Court of Troup County to charge a technology fee for each conviction of a traffic or ordinance violation; to specify the uses to which said technology fee may be put; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Georgia Firefighters' Pension Fund; monthly dues, tax on premiums and maximum monthly benefit amount payable; increase. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 7 of Title 47 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating the Georgia Firefighters' Pension Fund, so as to increase the monthly dues amount for members; to increase the tax on premiums charged by fire insurance companies for certain classes of coverage; to increase the maximum monthly benefit amount payable to beneficiaries; to provide for related matters; to provide conditions for an effective date and automatic repeal; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Carroll, Nicholas; Clayton County Public Schools' 2019 Certified Support Professional of the Year; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Nicholas Carroll, Clayton County Public Schools' 2019 Certified Support Professional of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Peace Officers' Annuity and Benefit Fund; amount of monthly dues paid; increase; amounts collected from fines; revise. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 17 of Title 47 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the Peace Officers' Annuity and Benefit Fund, so as to increase the amount of monthly dues paid by members of the fund; to revise amounts collected from certain fines and forfeitures in criminal and quasi-criminal cases; to increase the monthly benefit allowed upon retirement; to provide for related matters; to provide conditions for an effective date and automatic repeal; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: State Court of Fulton County; appointment of associate judges and their compensation; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating the State Court of Fulton County, approved March 24, 1976 (Ga. L. 1976, p. 3023), as amended, so as to provide for the appointment of associate judges and their compensation; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Clerk of Superior Court of Twiggs County; authority to fix compensation of employees of Clerk's office; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to abolish the present model of compensating the Clerk of the Superior Court of Twiggs County, known as the fee system, approved February 18, 1977 (Ga. L. 1977, p. 2721), as amended, particularly by an Act approved March 31, 1992 (Ga. L. 1992, p. 5149), and an Act approved April 5, 1994 (Ga. L. 1994, p. 4913), so as to change the manner of fixing salary adjustments or allowances of the Clerk of the Superior Court and employees of the Clerk of the Superior Court's office; to provide the Clerk of the Superior Court with the authority to fix the compensation of employees of the Clerk of the Superior Court; to provide an effective date; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Judge of Probate Court of Twiggs County; authority to fix court employee compensation; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to abolish the present model of compensating the Judge of the Probate Court of Twiggs County, known as the fee system, approved February 18, 1977 (Ga. L. 1977, p. 2727), as amended, particularly by an Act approved March 31, 1992 (Ga. L. 1992, p. 5145), and an Act approved April 1, 1994 (Ga. L. 1994, p. 4547), so as to change the manner of fixing salary adjustments or allowances of the Judge of the Probate Court and employees of the Judge of the Probate Court; to provide the Judge of the Probate Court with the authority to fix the compensation of employees of the Judge of the Probate Court; to provide an effective date; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Tax Commissioner of Twiggs County; authority to fix compensation of tax commissioner's office employees; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to abolish the present model of compensating the Tax Commissioner of Twiggs County, known as the fee system, approved February 18, 1977 (Ga. L. 1977, p. 2724), as amended, particularly by an Act approved March 31, 1992 (Ga. L. 1992, p. 5135), and an Act approved March 25, 1994 (Ga. L. 1994, p. 4177), so as to change the manner of fixing salary adjustments or allowances of the tax commissioner and employees of the tax commissioner's office; to provide the tax commissioner with the authority to fix the compensation of employees of the tax commissioner's office; to provide an effective date; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Town of Danville; new charter; incorporation, boundaries, general powers and limitations, governing authority, duties, election, terms, method of filing vacancies, and compensation; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide a new charter for the Town of Danville; to provide for incorporation, boundaries, and powers of the town; to provide for general powers and limitations on powers; to provide for a governing authority of such town and the powers, duties, authority, election, terms, removal from office, method of filling vacancies, compensation, expenses, and qualifications; to provide for conflict of interest and holding other offices; to provide for inquiries and investigations; to provide for organization and procedures; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Stockbridge Public Facilities Authority; create. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to create the Stockbridge Public Facilities Authority; to repeal conflicting laws; to provide for related matters; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Sheriff of Twiggs County; manner of fixing salary adjustments or allowance; change. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to abolish the present model of compensating the sheriff of Twiggs County, Georgia, known as the fee system, approved February 28, 1966 (Ga. L. 1966, p. 2546), as amended, particularly by an Act approved March 31, 1992 (Ga. L. 1992, p. 5140), an Act approved April 5, 1994 (Ga. L. 1994, p. 4917), and an Act approved March 12, 2015 (Ga. L. 2015, p. 4041), so as to change the manner of fixing salary adjustments or allowance of the sheriff and employees of the sheriff's office; to provide an effective date; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Shepherd, James Harold, Sr.; cofounder of the Shepherd Center; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of James Harold Shepherd, Sr., cofounder of the Shepherd Center; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Board of Elections and Registration in Cobb County; members of board appointed by Cobb County governing authority; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to create a board of elections and registration in Cobb County, approved March 28, 1985 (Ga. L. 1985, p. 4653), as amended, so as to provide for members of the board to be appointed by the governing authority of Cobb County; to provide for the nomination of persons to be appointed to the board; to provide for a two-year term for board members; to provide for an effective date; to provide for date board members will take office; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Employees' Retirement System of Georgia; eligibility of beneficiary to make new retirement election; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 2 of Title 47 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the Employees' Retirement System of Georgia, so as to provide that if a beneficiary who elected option two upon retirement is predeceased by the contingent beneficiary, such beneficiary shall be eligible to make a new retirement election or nominate another person to become the contingent beneficiary; to provide for related matters; to provide conditions for an effective date and automatic repeal; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Probate Court of Troup County; technology fee and uses; charge and specify. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to authorize the Probate Court of Troup County to charge a technology fee; to specify the uses to which said technology fee may be put; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hassan, Khurram; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Khurram Hassan; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Notaries Public; persons for whom notaries perform notarial acts; valid Veterans Health Identification Card; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 17 of Title 45 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to notaries public, so as to provide that the identification of persons for whom notaries perform notarial acts shall be evidenced satisfactorily by a valid Veterans Health Identification Card issued by the United States Department of Veterans Affairs; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Law Assistants; rename as law clerks and staff attorneys. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 15 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to courts, and Code Section 47-2-263 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to credit for certain past service as an assistant district attorney or employee of the Prosecuting Attorneys' Council, payment of employee contributions, and credit for service as a full-time law assistant, so as to rename law assistants as law clerks and staff attorneys; to provide for related matters; to provide conditions for an effective date and automatic repeal; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Controlled Substances; sale to and by minors of drug products containing dextromethorphan; prohibit. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Part 1 of Article 2 of Chapter 13 of Title 16 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to schedules, offenses, and penalties regarding the regulation of controlled substances, so as to prohibit the sale to and by minors of drug products containing dextromethorphan; to provide for definitions; to provide for proper identification; to provide for a list of finished drug products; to provide for penalties; to provide for statutory construction; to provide for state regulation; to provide for limited liability; to provide for related matters; to provide an effective date and applicability; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Paris, Thomas Hanie, Jr.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Thomas Hanie Paris, Jr.; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Courts and Revenue and Taxation; cost-of-living and general performance based increases; revise. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Titles 15 and 48 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to courts and revenue and taxation, respectively, so as to revise the cost-of-living and general performance based increases to take into account the increases provided for in 2020; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Criminal History Record Information; automatic restriction; final disposition other than a conviction; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 35-3-37 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to review of individual's criminal history record information, definitions, privacy considerations, written application requesting review, and inspection, so as to provide for the automatic restriction of certain criminal history record information of arrests when there has been a final disposition other than a conviction or a certain time period and conditions are met since a conviction; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Ad Valorem Taxation of Property; mobile homes procure permits and procure and display decals; remove the requirement. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 5 of Title 48 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to ad valorem taxation of property, so as to remove the requirement that mobile homes procure permits and procure and display decals; to repeal Code Section 48-5-492, relating to issuance of mobile home location permits and issuance and display of decals; to repeal related penalties; to revise the time for payment of related ad valorem taxes; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Teachers Retirement System of Georgia; invest in alternative investments; permit. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 47-20-87 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to eligible large retirement systems authorized to invest in certain alternative investments, so as to permit the Teachers Retirement System of Georgia to invest in alternative investments; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Funeral Directors and Embalmers; alternative cremation process; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 18 of Title 43 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to funeral directors and establishments, embalmers, and crematories, so as to remove certain crematory requirements as to retorts and to provide for an alternative cremation process; to provide for and change a definition; to provide for conforming amendments; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Detainers; inmates charged with subsequent felony offenses under sentence and in custody; temporary custody provisions; revise. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 1 of Chapter 6 of Title 42 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to general provisions regarding detainers, so as to revise temporary custody provisions of inmates who have been charged with subsequent felony offenses while under sentence and in custody of the department; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: "Tax Credit Return on Investment Act of 2020"; independent economic analyses; provide; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 3 of Chapter 5 of Title 28 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to fiscal bills generally, so as to provide for independent economic analyses to be procured by the Office of Planning and Budget for certain tax benefits upon request by the chairpersons of the House Committee on Ways and Means and the Senate Finance Committee; to provide a short title; to provide for limits; to provide for summaries to be attached to related fiscal notes; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: 'Georgia Right to Shop Act'; greater transparency of prices for nonemergency healthcare services; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 24 of Title 33 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to insurance generally, so as to provide for greater transparency of prices for nonemergency health care services; to provide for a short title; to provide for definitions; to provide for the disclosure of certain pricing information through insurer websites to allow consumers to compare prices; to provide that insurers may use third parties to comply with such requirements; to provide for certain notice requirements; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: White County; board of elections and registration; create. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to create a board of elections and registration for White County; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: "The Living Hope Home Act"; related to supportive housing for pregnant women age 18 or older; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 5 of Title 49 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to programs and protection for children and youth, so as to provide for registration of supportive housing maternity residences to provide housing for pregnant women; to define a term; to provide for rules and regulations; to provide for the right to inspect; to provide for statutory construction; to provide for related matters; to provide a short title; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Abandoned Vessels; unattended vessels in public waters; remove certain redundant processes. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 3 of Chapter 7 of Title 52 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to abandoned vessels, so as to remove certain redundant processes regarding unattended vessels in public waters; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Professions; regulations; provide; certain boxing, wrestling, and martial arts associations and federations; provisions. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 43 of the O.C.G.A., relating to professions and businesses, so as to provide for the regulation of certain professions; to change certain provisions relating to certain boxing, wrestling, and martial art associations and federations; to revise a definition; to change the applicability of certain provisions as to matches, contests, or exhibitions; to provide for the profession of professional structural engineer; to provide for definitions; to provide for continuing education requirements; to provide for unlawful practices; to provide for the issuance of certificates of registration for such professionals; to provide for registration by comity; to provide for exceptions; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Health; patient brokering; prohibit; definitions; exceptions; penalties; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 1 of Title 31 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to general provisions regarding health, so as to prohibit patient brokering; to provide for definitions; to provide for exceptions; to provide for penalties; to amend Chapter 1 of Title 33 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to general provisions regarding insurance, so as to provide that excessive, fraudulent, or high-tech drug testing of certain individuals is considered a fraudulent insurance act; to provide for investigation by the Commissioner of Insurance; to provide for penalties; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Georgia Commission on African American History and Culture; create. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 50 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to state government, so as to create the Georgia Commission on African American History and Culture; to provide for duties and objectives; to provide for membership and terms of office; to provide for reporting; to provide for funding; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Pharmacy Benefits Managers; regulation and licensure; extensive revisions; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 64 of Title 33 of the O.C.G.A., relating to regulation and licensure of pharmacy benefits managers, so as to provide extensive revisions regarding pharmacy benefits managers; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date and applicability; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: State Symbols; pecan as the official state nut; designate. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 3 of Chapter 3 of Title 50 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to state symbols, so as to designate the pecan as the official state nut; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Mechanics and Materialmen; waiver and release of lien and bond rights/other remedies under the law; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Part 3 of Article 8 of Chapter 14 of Title 44 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to mechanics and materialmen, so as to provide that a waiver and release of lien and bond rights shall only be applicable to the issues of the waiver and release and shall not affect any other rights or remedies available under the law; to revise language and appearance requirements of statutory forms; to revise procedures; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Military Spouses; licensed in other states to practice certain professions; obtain a license by endorsement to practice in this state; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 43 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to professions and businesses, so as to provide for military spouses licensed in other states to practice certain professions and occupations to obtain a license by endorsement to practice in this state; to provide for definitions; to provide for conforming amendments; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Education; public forums at public institutions of higher education; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 1 of Title 20 of the O.C.G.A., relating to education generally, so as to provide for public forums at public institutions of higher education; to prevent the creation of "free speech zones" at public institutions of higher education; to require public institutions of higher education to develop materials, programs, and procedures related to expressive activity; to provide for penalties; to provide for a limitation period; to provide for a waiver of immunities; to provide for legislative findings and intent; to provide for a short title; to provide for definitions; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Rivers and River Basins; dam safety; building of inhabitable structures in the inundation zone of Category II; prohibit. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Part 3 of Article 5 of Chapter 5 of Title 12 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to rivers and river basins relative to dam safety, so as to prohibit the building of inhabitable structures in the inundation zone of a Category II dam without prior certification from an engineer of record; to provide for an engineer of record to perform and certify a breach analysis where inhabitable structures already exist in the inundation zone of a Category II dam; to provide for filing of the certified breach analysis; to provide for the development of building standards for inhabitable structures in the inundation zone of a Category II dam; to provide for definitions; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Sexual Offender Registration Review Board; sexually dangerous predators who fail to verify or update registration information; provide penalty. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 2 of Chapter 1 of Title 42 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the Sexual Offender Registration Review Board, so as to provide a penalty for persons who are classified as sexually dangerous predators who fail to verify or update registration information as required by law; to provide for related matters; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Physicians, Assistants; relating to the number a physician can authorize and supervise at any one time; provisions; revise. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 34 of Title 43 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to physicians, assistants, and others, so as to revise provisions relating to the number of physician assistants and advanced practice registered nurses a physician can authorize and supervise at any one time; to remove a limitation on where a physician assistant is authorized to practice; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Development Impact Fees; exemption of development projects from funding such projects' proportionate share of system improvement; authorize. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 71 of Title 36 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to development impact fees, so as to authorize the exemption of certain development projects from funding such projects' proportionate share of system improvement under certain circumstances; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: McClelland, Chief Frank A. "Little Frank", Jr.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life, memory, and selfless service of Chief Frank A. "Little Frank" McClelland, Jr.; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Professions and Businesses; patient protection measures; undergoing sedation in certain settings; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 43 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to professions and businesses, so as to provide patient protection measures for patients undergoing sedation in certain settings; to provide for patients under conscious sedation in dental settings and for dental procedures; to provide for patients under varying levels of sedation in physician offices and medispas; to provide for definitions; to provide for rules and regulations; to provide for enforcement; to provide for statutory construction; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Labor and Industrial Relations; employers to provide reasonable break time to employee to express breast milk for nursing child; require. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 1 of Title 34 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to general provisions regarding labor and industrial relations, so as to require employers to provide reasonable break time to an employee who needs to express breast milk for her nursing child; to revise and to provide for definitions; to provide for requirements; to provide for a cause of action against employers for violations; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jackson, City of; levy an excise tax pursuant to subsection (b) of Code Section 48-13-51 of the O.C.G.A.; authorize the governing authority. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to authorize the governing authority of the City of Jackson to levy an excise tax pursuant to subsection (b) of Code Section 48-13-51 of the O.C.G.A.; to provide for procedures, conditions, and limitations; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Children and Youth; foster children and foster families; laws and supports; strengthen. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 1 of Chapter 3 of Title 12, Chapter 11 of Title 15, and Chapter 5 of Title 49 of the O.C.G.A., relating to general provisions regarding parks, historic areas, memorials, and recreation, Juvenile Code, and programs and protection for children and youth, respectively, so as to strengthen laws and supports for foster children and foster families; to authorize the Department of Human Services to partner with child-placing agencies to assist with casework services; to provide varying levels of training required for experienced foster parents or respite caregivers; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: License Plates; eligibility for certain members of the military to receive special license plates; expand. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 3 of Chapter 2 of Title 40 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to prestige license plates and special plates for certain persons and vehicles, so as to expand eligibility for certain members of the military to receive special license plates; to add a military honor to the military service award eligible for special and distinctive license plates for veterans; to provide for a special and distinctive license plate for United States Army Rangers; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Invasion of Privacy; prohibition against the transmission of photography depicting nudity; include falsely created videographic or still images. Description: A Bill to be entitled an Act to amend Part 3 of Article 3 of Chapter 11 of Title 16 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to invasion of privacy, so as to include falsely created videographic or still images of other persons within the prohibition against the transmission of photography or videos depicting nudity or sexually explicit conduct of another person under certain circumstances; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date and applicability; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Animal Protection; annual license fees; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 1 of Chapter 11 of Title 4 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to general provisions relative to animal protection, so as to provide for annual license fees; to authorize the Commissioner to promulgate rules and regulations; to provide for applicants to submit a criminal background check; to provide for surety; to provide for definitions; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Childhood Cancer Awareness Day; September 1 of each year; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 4 of Title 1 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to holidays and observances, so as to provide that September 1 of each year shall be Childhood Cancer Awareness Day in Georgia; to provide for legislative findings; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Peace Officers; re-employment of retired peace officers and correctional officers during disasters and emergencies; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 8 of Title 35 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to employment and training of peace officers, so as to provide for re-employment of retired peace officers and correctional officers during disasters and emergencies; to provide definitions; to provide for training and qualifications; to provide for immunities and powers of arrest; to provide for compensation; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Local Fire Departments; procedures for organization, issuance and revocation of certificates of compliance; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 2 of Chapter 3 and Article 1 of Chapter 4 of Title 25 of the O.C.G.A., relating to minimum requirements for local fire departments and general provisions relative to firefighter standards and training, respectively, so as to provide for procedures for organization, issuance and revocation of certificates of compliance, requirements, and training and standards of fire departments and volunteer fire departments; to establish the Georgia Volunteer Fire Service Council; to amend Code Section 45-9-101 of the O.C.G.A., relating to definitions relative to the temporary disability compensation program, so as to revise a definition; for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Witness or Criminal Defendant; certain proceedings conducted by video conference; requirements; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 24-13-60 of the O.C.G.A., relating to order requiring prisoner's delivery to serve as witness or criminal defendant generally, expenses, and prisoner under death sentence as witness, so as to provide that certain proceedings may be conducted by video conference; to amend Article 6 of Chapter 3 of Title 35 of the O.C.G.A., relating to Division of Forensic Sciences, so as to provide that employees of the state crime lab or associated laboratories may appear by video teleconference in certain proceedings in court; to provide for requirements for such appearances; to provide for notice and continuances; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date and applicability; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Standards, Labeling, and Adulteration of Food; nonprofit organizations to prepare in accordance with Department of Public Health requirements; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 2 of Title 26 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to standards, labeling, and adulteration of food, so as to provide for nonprofit organizations to prepare and provide food in accordance with Department of Public Health requirements; to revise the definitions of "food sales establishment" and "food service establishment"; to revise provisions relating to permits for nonprofit food sales and food service; to revise requirements for food items prepared by nonprofit organizations; to eliminate the right to appeal to the commissioner of public health for orders or actions of a county board of health or district health director; to correct a cross-reference; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: State Board of Veterinary Medicine; membership; increase; registered veterinary technician member; authorize. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 2 of Chapter 50 of Title 43 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the State Board of Veterinary Medicine, so as to increase the membership of the State Board of Veterinary Medicine and authorize a registered veterinary technician member; to provide for a professional health program for impaired veterinarians; to provide for definitions; to provide for confidentiality of certain records; to provide for costs; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Local Boards of Education; feminine hygiene products in certain restrooms used by students; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Part 3 of Article 16 of Chapter 2 of Title 20 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to health, so as to require local boards of education to provide feminine hygiene products in certain restrooms used by students; to provide for a definition; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Secretary of State; nonbinding, advisory referendum election; continue the advancement of time from standard time to daylight saving time; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide for the holding of a nonbinding, advisory referendum election to determine whether the qualified electors of the State of Georgia desire to continue the advancement of time from standard time to daylight saving time or to observe standard time or daylight saving time year round; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Online Provider Directories; certain coverage requirements concerning providers that become out-of-network during a plan year; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 33-20C-2 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to online provider directories, so as to provide for certain coverage requirements concerning providers that become out-of-network during a plan year; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Professions and Businesses; certain boxing, wrestling, and martial art associations and federations; provisions; change. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 43 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to professions and businesses, so as to change certain provisions relating to certain boxing, wrestling, and martial art associations and federations; to revise a definition; to change the applicability of certain provisions as to matches, contests, or exhibitions; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Solid Waste Management; expansion of certain municipal solid waste landfills to areas within two miles of military air space used as bombing ranges; allow. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Part 1 of Article 2 of Chapter 8 of Title 12 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to general provisions regarding solid waste management, so as to allow the expansion of certain municipal solid waste landfills to areas within two miles of military air space used as bombing ranges; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: State Symbols; muscadine grape as the official state grape; designate. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 3 of Chapter 3 of Title 50 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to state symbols, so as to designate the muscadine grape as the official state grape; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: 'Surprise Billing Consumer Protection Act'; certain consumer protections against surprise billing; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 33 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to insurance, so as to provide for certain consumer protections against surprise billing; to provide mechanisms to resolve payment disputes between insurers and out-of-network providers regarding the provision of healthcare services; to require the department to provide for the maintenance of an all-payer health claims data base; to provide for in-network cost-sharing amounts in healthcare plan contracts; to establish an arbitration process; to require the Commissioner of Insurance to contract with one or more resolution organizations; to require the promulgation of department rules; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Smith, Officer Michael Wayne; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Officer Michael Wayne Smith; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Livestock Running at Large or Straying; impounding animals and disposing of impounded animals; change the fees. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 3 of Title 4 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to livestock running at large or straying, so as to change the fees for impounding animals and disposing of impounded animals; to provide for an effective date; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Effectiveness of Educational Programs; number of student assessments; reduce; when assessments must be administered; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Part 12 of Article 6 of Chapter 2 of Title 20 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to effectiveness of educational programs, so as to reduce the number of student assessments; to provide for when assessments must be administered; to provide for analysis of locally implemented assessments; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Ocilla-Irwin County Industrial Development Authority; membership; change. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to reconstitute the Ocilla-Irwin County Industrial Development Authority, approved May 3, 2016 (Ga. L. 2016, p. 4082), so as to change the membership of said Authority; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Department of Revenue; electronic transmission of returns by public utilities; require. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 48-5-511 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to returns of public utilities to commissioner of the Department of Revenue, itemization and fair market value of property, other information, and apportionment to more than one tax jurisdiction, so as to require electronic transmission of returns to the Department of Revenue by public utilities; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date and applicability; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Public Utilities and Public Transportation; compliance with certain safety and permit requirements; electric easements are utilized for broadband services; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 46 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to public utilities and public transportation, so as to provide for compliance with certain safety and permit requirements when electric easements are utilized for broadband services; to provide for a definition; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Department of Transportation Officers; state investment in railways and railroad facilities and equipment; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 3 of Chapter 2 of Title 32 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to officers in the Department of Transportation, so as to provide for state investment in railways and railroad facilities and equipment; to provide for a definition; to provide that the commissioner of transportation may administer a Georgia Freight Railroad Program; to provide for subprograms within such program; to provide for annual reporting; to provide for standards for expenditure of funds; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Public Health; provisions; modernize, clarify, and update; certain councils and committees; eliminate. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend various titles of the O.C.G.A., so as to modernize, clarify, and update provisions relating to public health; to amend Article 1 of Chapter 10 of Title 17 of the O.C.G.A., relating to procedure for sentencing and imposition of punishment, so as to revise a provision regarding the requirement of defendants to submit to HIV tests for AIDS transmitting crimes; to amend Article 2 of Chapter 3 of Title 19 of the O.C.G.A., relating to license and ceremony for marriage generally; to amend Title 31 of the O.C.G.A., relating to health, so as to revise provisions regarding the Office of Women's Health; to amend various titles of the O.C.G.A., so as to update terminology relating to sexually transmitted diseases; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Nonprofit Corporations; directors and officers of electric membership corporations and foreign electric cooperatives; provisions; change. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 8 of Chapter 3 of Title 14 and Part 6 of Article 4 of Chapter 3 of Title 46 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to directors and officers of nonprofit corporations and directors and officers of electric membership corporations and foreign electric cooperatives, respectively, so as to change provisions relating to the responsibilities and standard of care of directors and officers of certain corporations; to clarify the ability of directors and officers to rely on other individuals in the performance of their duties; to provide for a rebuttable presumption when directors and officers are acting in good faith; to provide for related matters; to provide for applicability; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Final Remedies and Special Proceedings; new requirements under the "Georgia Civil Practice Act" for settlement offers and arrangements; revise and provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 8 of Chapter 11 of Title 9 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to provisional and final remedies and special proceedings, so as to revise and provide for new requirements under the "Georgia Civil Practice Act" for settlement offers and arrangements for all tort claims for personal injury, bodily injury, and death; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cigarettes and Tobacco Related Products; additional penalties regarding any person under 21 years of age; provide; definition of vapor product; revise. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 7 of Chapter 12 of Title 16 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to sale or distribution to, or possession by, minors of cigarettes and tobacco related products, so as to provide for additional penalties regarding any person under 21 years of age and vapor products; to revise the definition of vapor product; to provide for seizure by law enforcement of any cigarettes, tobacco products, tobacco related objects, alternative nicotine products, or vapor products sold to and in the possession of any person under 21 years of age; to provide for fine and penalties; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Inspections; number of required annual elevator inspections; reduce. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 8-2-102 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to inspections, so as to reduce the number of required annual elevator inspections; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Barbers and Cosmetologists; certain provisions; change. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 43 of the O.C.G.A., relating to professions and businesses, so as to change certain provisions relating to barbers and cosmetologists; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: "Georgia Food Act"; certain information obtained by the Department of Agriculture from the federal Food and Drug Administration; confidential and not subject to disclosure; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 2 of Chapter 2 of Title 26 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the "Georgia Food Act," so as to provide that certain information obtained by the Department of Agriculture from the federal Food and Drug Administration is deemed confidential and not subject to disclosure; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Solid Waste Management; location of any municipal solid waste disposal facility within certain distance of a blackwater river; flows directly into the ocean; prohibit. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Part 1 of Article 2 of Chapter 8 of Title 12 of the O.C.G.A., relating to general provisions relative to solid waste management, so as to prohibit the location of any municipal solid waste disposal facility or any coal combustion residual landfill within a certain distance of a blackwater river wholly contained within the borders of this state and originating on the coastal plain, and which flows directly into the ocean; to amend Part 3 of Article 2 of Chapter 7 of Title 16 of the O.C.G.A., relating to criminal trespass and damage to property relative to waste control; to amend Part 1 of Article 3 of Chapter 8 of Title 48 of the O.C.G.A., relating to county special purpose local option sales tax, so as to provide for conforming cross-references; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Georgia Special Needs Scholarship Act; prior school year requirement; revise. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 33 of Chapter 2 of Title 20 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the Georgia Special Needs Scholarship Act, so as to revise the prior school year requirement; to expand eligibility for students; to revise the basis for calculating scholarship amounts; to require annual parent surveys and a complaint procedure for scholarship calculations; to provide for related matters; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: State-wide School Lunch Program; State Board of Education to promulgate rules and regulations; authorize; course of instruction; preparation of food. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 20-2-187 of the O.C.G.A., relating to state-wide school lunch program, instruction in nutrition, hygiene, etiquette, and social graces, and school food and nutrition personnel, so as to authorize the State Board of Education to promulgate rules and regulations for a course of instruction in nutrition, hygiene, etiquette, and social graces relating to the preparation of food; to provide for the promulgation of rules and regulations for the distribution of surplus prepared food to students, including, but not limited to, students dealing with hunger or food insecurity issues; to require such rules and regulations to meet or exceed federal and state food service standards; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: General Income Tax Provisions; certain actions relating to false or fraudulent material matter on returns, affidavits, claims, or documents; penalties; increase. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 1 of Chapter 7 of Title 48 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to general income tax provisions, so as to increase the penalties imposed for certain actions relating to false or fraudulent material matter on returns, affidavits, claims, or documents; to provide that such actions must be taken knowingly to be unlawful; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: "Early Prescription Refills During Emergencies Act"; health insurers to provide coverage for early refills of a 30 day supply; require; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 1 of Chapter 24 of Title 33 of the O.C.G.A., relating to general provisions regarding insurance, so as to require health insurers to provide coverage for early refills of a 30 day supply of certain prescription medications under certain emergency situations; to amend Code Section 26-4-80 of the O.C.G.A., relating to license required for practice of pharmacy, dispensing of prescription drugs, prescription drug orders, electronically transmitted drug orders, refills, and schedule II controlled substance prescriptions, so as to allow pharmacists to dispense certain refill prescription medications under certain circumstances; to provide for related matters; to provide for a short title; to provide for legislative findings; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Law Enforcement Officers and Agencies; duties and powers; revise; campus policemen and other security personnel of the university system; arrests for felony offenses. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Part 2 of Article 2 of Chapter 3 of Title 20 and Chapter 3 of Title 35 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the university system and the Georgia Bureau of Investigation, respectively, so as to revise the duties and powers of certain law enforcement officers and agencies; to expand the power of campus policemen and other security personnel of the university system to make arrests for felony offenses; to codify the Legal Division of the Georgia Bureau of Investigation; to expand the jurisdiction of the Georgia Bureau of Investigation in regards to street gang terrorism and prevention; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Attorney General; authority to investigate and prosecute certain crimes and offenses; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 3 of Chapter 5 of Title 16, Article 1 of Chapter 15 of Title 45, and Article 7 of Chapter 4 of Title 49 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to kidnapping, false imprisonment, and related offenses, general provisions regarding the Attorney General, and medical assistance generally, respectively, so as to provide for authority of the Attorney General to investigate and prosecute certain crimes and offenses; to provide for definitions; to provide for authority of the Attorney General to employ peace officers for certain purposes; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: County and Municipal Hospital Authorities; standard of indigency; proceeds from the sale or lease of a hospital by a hospital authority; revise. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 4 of Chapter 7 of Title 31 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to county and municipal hospital authorities, so as to revise the standard of indigency relating to portioning of proceeds from the sale or lease of a hospital by a hospital authority; to provide for additional methods for the investment of funds by hospital authorities which hold an irrevocable trust wherein the corpus exceeds certain amounts; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Macon County; board of elections and registration; expand the board from three to five members. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to create a board of elections and registration for Macon County and to provide for its powers and duties, approved June 3, 2003 (Ga. L. 2003, p. 4532), so as to expand the board from three to five members; to provide for terms of the additional board members; to remove expired and outdated provisions; to provide for related matters; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bonds and Recognizances; conditions for unsecured judicial release on a person's own recognizance; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 1 of Chapter 6 of Title 17, Part 3 of Article 6 of Chapter 11 of Title 15, Chapter 10 of Title 16, Article 4 of Chapter 3 of Title 42, and Article 1 of Chapter 7 of Title 52 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to general provisions regarding bonds and recognizances, custody and release of child, offenses against public administration, pretrial release and diversion programs, and general provisions regarding registration, operation, and sale of watercraft, respectively, so as to provide for conditions for unsecured judicial release on a person's own recognizance; to revise and provide for definitions; to provide for full-face bond requirements; to revise cross-references; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Superior Courts of the Cobb Judicial Circuit; eleventh judge; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 15-6-2 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the number of superior court judges for each judicial circuit, so as to provide for an eleventh judge of the superior courts of the Cobb Judicial Circuit; to provide for the appointment of such additional judge by the Governor; to provide for the election of successors to the judge initially appointed; to prescribe the powers of such judge; to prescribe the compensation, salary, and expense allowance of such judge to be paid by the State of Georgia and the county of such circuit; to declare inherent authority; to provide for related matters; to provide effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Christie, Officer Anthony; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Officer Anthony Christie; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Forest Resources and Other Plant Life; harvest and sale of palmetto berries; regulate. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 6 of Title 12 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to forest resources and other plant life, so as to regulate the harvest and sale of palmetto berries; to provide for definitions; to provide for legislative findings; to provide for certificates of harvest; to provide for records of harvest activities and purchase transactions; to provide for prohibited acts; to provide for stop sale, stop use, and removal orders; to provide for seizure of berries; to provide for home or personal use of berries; to provide for penalties and restitution; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Sick Leave for Care of Immediate Family Members; sunset provision relating to such sick leave requirements; repeal. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 34-1-10 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to use of sick leave for care of immediate family members, so as to repeal the sunset provision relating to such sick leave requirements; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ad Valorem Tax Appeals; alternative means of recovering costs of litigation and attorney's fees; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 48-5-311 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to creation of county boards of equalization, duties, review of assessments, and appeals, so as to provide an alternative means of recovering costs of litigation and attorney's fees in ad valorem tax appeals; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Property Insurance; meaning; revise; parameters under which certain contracts, agreements, or instruments may be canceled; change. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 33-7-6 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to property insurance, contract requirements, rules and regulations, and exemptions, so as to revise the meaning of property insurance; to change the parameters under which certain contracts, agreements, or instruments may be canceled; to provide for penalties; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Conflicts of Interest in Zoning Actions; definition of the term applicant; expand. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 67A of Title 36 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to conflicts of interest in zoning actions, so as to expand the definition of the term applicant; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Office of College and Career Transitions; change the name to Office of College and Career Academies. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 20-4-37 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the Office of College and Career Transitions and powers and duties, so as to change the name of the Office of College and Career Transitions to the Office of College and Career Academies; to provide for the appointment and duties of a director of said office; to provide for the approval of advisers to the State Board of the Technical College System of Georgia; to provide for collaboration between the office and certain entities to support efforts to recruit new industries and expand existing industries; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Physicians, Assistants, and Others; criminal background checks for certain healthcare professionals and others; provisions; revise. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 34 of Title 43 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to physicians, assistants, and others, so as to revise provisions relating to criminal background checks for certain health care professionals and others; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Georgia State Indemnification Fund; when indemnification shall be paid in instances of a heart attack; public safety officer resulting in certain disabilities or death; revise. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Part 1 of Article 5 of Chapter 9 of Title 45 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the Georgia State Indemnification Fund, so as revise when indemnification shall be paid in instances of a heart attack, stroke, or vascular rupture suffered by a public safety officer resulting in certain disabilities or death; to provide for definitions; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: "Max Gruver Act"; expanded definition of hazing; provide; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 16-5-61 of the O.C.G.A., relating to hazing, so as to provide for an expanded definition of hazing; to amend Chapter 1 of Title 20 of the O.C.G.A., relating to education generally; to amend Part 3 of Article 2 of Chapter 3 of Title 20 of the O.C.G.A., relating to student organization responsibility for drug abuse, so as to make student organizations responsible for hazing; to provide for and revise definitions; to provide for a short title; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Air Quality; reporting of any unpermitted release of ethylene oxide to the Environmental Protection Division of the Department of Natural Resources; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 1 of Chapter 9 of Title 12 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to air quality, so as to provide for the reporting of any unpermitted release of ethylene oxide to the Environmental Protection Division of the Department of Natural Resources; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: "Fair Business Practices Act of 1975"; deceptive practice of musical performance; without recording group's permission; prohibit. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Part 2 of Article 15 of Chapter 1 of Title 10 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the "Fair Business Practices Act of 1975," so as to prohibit the deceptive practice of musical performance groups advertising and appearing as the recording group without the recording group's permission or denoting that it is a salute or tribute performance; to provide for definitions; to specify violations; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Code Revision Commission; statutory portion of said Code; revise, modernize, correct errors or omissions in, and reenact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, so as to revise, modernize, correct errors or omissions in, and reenact the statutory portion of said Code, as amended, in furtherance of the work of the Code Revision Commission; to repeal portions of said Code, or Acts in amendment thereof, which have become obsolete, have been declared to be unconstitutional, or have been preempted or superseded by subsequent laws; to codify principles of law derived from decisions of the state Supreme Court; to provide for other matters relating to revision, reenactment, and publication of said Code; to provide for effect in event of conflicts; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: "Quality Basic Education Act"; home study students and private school students to take courses at a college and career academy; authorize. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Part 14 of Article 6 of Chapter 2 of Title 20 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to other educational programs under the "Quality Basic Education Act," so as to authorize home study students and private school students to take courses at a college and career academy; to provide for definitions; to provide for forms and procedures; to provide for requirements; to provide for funding; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Annual Performance Evaluation; definition of "on-time graduation rate"; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 20-2-210 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to annual performance evaluation, so as to provide for a definition of "on-time graduation rate"; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Life Insurance; annual notification of policy owners and requested beneficiaries of the existence of such policies; require. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 25 of Title 33 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to life insurance, so as to require annual notification to policy owners and requested beneficiaries of the existence of such policies; to require insurers to review the National Association of Insurance Commissioners life insurance policy locator on a quarterly basis; to provide for reporting; to provide for rules and regulations; to provide for a sunset provision for reporting requirements; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: "The Debbie Vance Act"; court imposing sentence may grant the relief of vacatur for convictions and sentences of defendants; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 1 of Chapter 10 of Title 17 and Article 2 of Chapter 3 of Title 35 of the O.C.G.A., relating to procedure for sentencing and imposition of punishment and the Georgia Crime Information Center, respectively, so as to provide that the court imposing sentence may grant the relief of vacatur for convictions and sentences of defendants who obtained such convictions and sentences as a direct result of being victims of trafficking for labor or sexual servitude; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Appling County; ascertaining whether electors desire to reduce the size of the board of commissioners; nonbinding advisory referendum; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide for a nonbinding advisory referendum for the purpose of ascertaining whether the electors of Appling County desire to reduce the size of the board of commissioners by eliminating the position of the at-large commission chairperson; to provide for legislative purposes and findings; to provide for procedures and requirements relating thereto; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Juvenile Code; enhanced notice to and improved participation of foster, preadoptive, and relative caregivers in certain hearings; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 11 of Title 15 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the Juvenile Code, so as to provide for enhanced notice to and improved participation of foster, preadoptive, and relative caregivers in certain hearings; to provide for the court's consideration of issues relevant to a child's placement, care, well-being, and permanency raised by such persons; to require certain findings be made by the court; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Property; amendments to property owners' association instruments and covenants that restrict rental of residential lots and plots; prohibit. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 44 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to property, so as to prohibit amendments to property owners' association instruments and covenants that restrict rental of residential lots and plots; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Garnishment Proceedings; revise; uniform procedures for garnishment actions; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 4 of Title 18 of the O.C.G.A., relating to garnishment proceedings, so as to revise procedures for garnishment proceedings; to provide for uniform procedures for garnishment actions; to provide definitions; to limit the maximum part of disposable earnings subject to garnishment in relation to certain educational or student loans; to provide a fixed time for continuous garnishments; to amend Article 7 of Chapter 3 of Title 20 of the O.C.G.A., relating to scholarships, loans, and grants, so as to provide for cross-references; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Soil Erosion and Sedimentation; water and sewer authorities to be designated as local issuing authorities for land-disturbing activity permits; authorize. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 7 of Title 12 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to control of soil erosion and sedimentation, so as to authorize certain water and water and sewer authorities to be designated as local issuing authorities for land-disturbing activity permits; to revise a definition; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cash Bonds; unclaimed cash bonds; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 17-6-4 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to the authorization of posting cash bonds generally, furnishing of receipt to person posting bond, recordation of receipt of bond on docket, and disposal of unclaimed bonds, so as to provide for unclaimed cash bonds; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Work Based Learning Programs; definitions regarding work based learning and related positions and programs; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 20-2-161.2 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to work based learning programs, legislative intent, participation, standards, coordination, and funding, so as to provide for definitions regarding work based learning and related positions and programs; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ocilla-Irwin County Industrial Development Authority; membership; change. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to reconstitute the Ocilla-Irwin County Industrial Development Authority, approved May 3, 2016 (Ga. L. 2016, p. 4082), so as to change the membership of said Authority; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Deficiencies Connected with Improvements to Realty and Resulting Injuries; actions that may be brought pursuant to Code Section 9-3-51; clarify. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 3 of Chapter 3 of Title 9 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to limitations on recovery for deficiencies connected with improvements to realty and resulting injuries, so as to clarify actions that may be brought pursuant to Code Section 9-3-51 regarding deficiencies in connection with improvements to realty; to provide for related matters; to provide for applicability; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Banking and Finance; duties, powers, and responsibilities relative to industrial loans from the Industrial Loans Commissioner to Department of Banking and Finance; transfer. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 7 of the O.C.G.A., relating to banking and finance, so as to transfer duties, powers, responsibilities, and other authority relative to industrial loans from the Industrial Loan Commissioner to the Department of Banking and Finance; to change the name of such loans to installment loans; to revise a short title; to provide for definitions; to provide for procedures, conditions, and limitations relative to issuing installment loans; to provide for exemptions; to provide for powers and duties relative to the department; to amend the O.C.G.A., so as to conform cross-references; to provide for a purpose; to provide for related matters; to provide for applicability; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Primaries and Elections; provisions and references regarding direct recording electronic voting machines; remove. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 2 of Title 21 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to primaries and elections generally, so as to remove provisions and references regarding direct recording electronic voting machines; to revise certain duties of the State Election Board; to provide for the deadline for registering to vote in certain runoffs; to provide for the number of voting booths or enclosures; to provide for the division of certain precincts under certain circumstances; to provide for certain reports on time required to vote; to provide for the acceptance of absentee ballots when certain identification is provided; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: "Georgia Uniform Mediation Act"; uniform laws governing mediation and participants in mediation; provide; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 9 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to civil practice, so as to provide for uniform laws governing mediation and participants in mediation; to provide for definitions; to provide for privileges against disclosure, admissibility, and discovery; to provide for waiver and preclusion of privilege; to provide for exceptions to privilege; to provide for confidentiality and mediator disclosure of conflicts; to provide for international commercial mediation and electronic signatures; to provide for uniformity of construction and severability; to provide for applicability; to provide a short title; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: "Quality Basic Education Act"; employment; needs improvement rating; group of performance evaluation ratings; remove. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Part 6 of Article 6 of Chapter 2 of Title 20 of the O.C.G.A., relating to employment under the "Quality Basic Education Act," so as to remove the needs improvement rating from the group of performance evaluation ratings which may adversely impact an educator's ability to obtain a renewable certificate from the Georgia Professional Standards Commission; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Dogs; animal shelters to accept registration of veterans' service dogs; require. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 1 of Chapter 8 of Title 4 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to general provisions regarding dogs, so as to require animal shelters to accept registration of veterans' service dogs; to provide definitions; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Conservation and Natural Resources; duties, powers, and responsibilities relative to historic preservation; from Department of Natural Resources to the Department of Community Affairs; transfer. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 3 of Title 12 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to conservation and natural resources, so as to transfer duties, powers, responsibilities, and other authority relative to historic preservation from the Department of Natural Resources to the Department of Community Affairs; to amend Article 3 of Chapter 2 of Title 40 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to prestige license plates and special plates for certain persons and vehicles, so as to disburse the fund allocated from the Department of Natural Resources to the Department of Community Affairs; to amend the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, so as to conform cross-references; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Department of Natural Resources; construct, operate, maintain, and supply informational materials at welcome centers assigned to it by the Governor; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 1 of Chapter 7 of Title 50 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to general provisions regarding the Department of Economic Development, so as to provide for the Department of Natural Resources to construct, operate, maintain, and supply informational materials at welcome centers assigned to it by the Governor; to provide for the installation and operation of automated teller machines and cash-dispensing machines at welcome centers; to provide for the installation, operation, and setting of product prices for vending machines; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: City of Grayson; terms of the mayor and city council; revise. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to provide a new charter for the City of Grayson, approved April 20, 2011 (Ga. L. 2011, p. 3567), so as to revise the terms of the mayor and city council; to provide for elections by a plurality of votes; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Animal Protection; pet dealers to microchip dogs and cats; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 1 of Chapter 11 of Title 4 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to general provisions relative to animal protection, so as to provide for pet dealers to microchip dogs and cats; to provide for a definition; to provide for standards; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Investigation of Family Violence; terminology used in determining whom to arrest; revise. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Code Section 17-4-20.1 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to investigation of family violence, preparation of written report, review of report by defendant arrested for family violence, and compilation of statistics, so as to revise the terminology used in determining whom to arrest; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: State Administrative Organization; compensation to be paid from sales and use tax collections on a contingency basis; authorize. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Article 1 of Chapter 2 of Title 48 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to state administrative organization, so as to authorize compensation to be paid from sales and use tax collections on a contingency basis with respect to services that assist the Department of Revenue in the identification of taxpayers that are noncompliant with sales and use taxes; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Office of Health Strategy and Coordination; state all-payer claims database; establishment of an advisory committee; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 53 of Title 31 of the O.C.G.A., relating to the Office of Health Strategy and Coordination, so as to provide for a state all-payer claims database; to amend Code Section 33-6-4 of the O.C.G.A., relating to enumeration of unfair methods of competition and unfair or deceptive acts or practices and penalty, so as to provide that the failure to submit claims data to the Georgia All-Payer Claims Database shall constitute a violation; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: "Behavioral Rehabilitation and Stability Services Act"; certain Medicaid reimbursement; enact. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 31 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to health, so as to provide for certain Medicaid reimbursement for patients treated pursuant to a behavioral rehabilitation joint venture; to provide that proceeds from the rural tax credit program received by a behavioral rehabilitation joint venture is not counted against a hospital's cap; to provide for definitions; to provide for related matters; to provide for a short title; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Health; Solemn Covenant of the States to Award Prizes for Curing Diseases; adopt. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Title 31 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to health, so as to adopt the Solemn Covenant of the States to Award Prizes for Curing Diseases; to provide for the entry of the state into a multistate compact to incentivize the development of cures for diseases through substantial financial awards; to provide for a commission to administer the compact; to establish the powers and duties of the commission; to provide for committees; to provide for financing; to provide for effectiveness; to provide for withdrawal, default, and expulsion; to provide for severability and construction; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Lighting Equipment of Motor Vehicles; requiring an amber strobe light upon low-speed vehicles; provisions; repeal. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Part 2 of Article 1 of Chapter 8 of Title 40 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to lighting equipment of motor vehicles, so as to repeal provisions requiring an amber strobe light upon low-speed vehicles; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: City of Cartersville; ad valorem taxes for educational purposes; increase the amount. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to provide a homestead exemption from certain City of Cartersville ad valorem taxes for educational purposes in the amount of $28,000.00 of the assessed value of the homestead for each resident of the city who is 65 years of age or older or totally disabled, approved March 29, 1995 (Ga. L. 1995, p. 3950), so as to increase the amount of such exemption; to provide a sunset date; to provide for related matters; to provide for a referendum and contingent effective date; to provide for applicability; to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Selling and Other Trade Practices; legislative findings; standards for cybersecurity programs to protect businesses from liability; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend Chapter 1 of Title 10 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated, relating to selling and other trade practices, so as to provide for legislative findings; to provide standards for cybersecurity programs to protect businesses from liability; to provide for affirmative defenses for data breaches of private information; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Wheeler County; board of elections and registration; create. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to create a board of elections and registration for Wheeler County; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: City of Woodstock; corporate limits of the city; change. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act reincorporating and re-creating the City of Woodstock, approved April 17, 1975 (Ga. L. 1975, p. 4160), as amended, particularly by an Act approved April 12, 2012 (Ga. L. 2012, p. 5404), so as to change the corporate limits of the city; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: City of Buford; ad valorem taxes for municipal purposes; homestead exemption; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide for a homestead exemption from City of Buford ad valorem taxes for municipal purposes in an amount equal to the amount by which the current year assessed value of that homestead exceeds the base year assessed value of that homestead; to provide for definitions; to specify the terms and conditions of the exemption and the procedures relating thereto; to provide for applicability; to provide for related matters; to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to provide for a referendum, effective dates, and automatic repeal; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: State Court of Rockdale County; additional judge for such court; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating the State Court of Rockdale County, approved April 2, 1987 (Ga. L. 1987, p. 5452), as amended, particularly by an Act approved May 18, 2007 (Ga. L. 2007, p. 3837), so as to provide an additional judge for such court; to provide for the appointment of such additional judge of such court; to provide for the election of successors; to revise inaccurate references; to provide for related matters; to provide for effective dates; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Glynn County Police Department; abolish; transfer of assets and property of such police department; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to abolish the Glynn County Police Department; to provide for the transfer of assets and property of such police department; to provide for the transfer of duties and responsibilities of such police department; to provide for related matters; to provide for a referendum, effective dates, contingencies, and automatic repeal; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: House of Representatives; relative to officials, employees, and committees. Description: A RESOLUTION relative to officials, employees, and committees in the House of Representatives; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Board of Commissioners of Twiggs County; compensation and expenses of the members; provisions; change. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act creating a Board of Commissioners of Twiggs County, approved July 27, 1923 (Ga. L. 1923, p. 324), as amended, particularly by an Act approved April 28, 1999 (Ga. L. 1999, p. 4923), and an Act approved May 12, 2015 (Ga. L. 2015, p. 4039), so as to change the provisions regarding the compensation and expenses of the members of the board; to provide an effective date; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Central State Hospital Local Redevelopment Authority; members of the authority are appointed; revise. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act to create the Central State Hospital Local Redevelopment Authority, approved February 29, 2012 (Ga. L. 2012, p. 3837), so as revise how members of the authority are appointed; to reduce the size of the authority; to revise the selection process and terms of officers of the authority; to terminate the terms of the current authority members; to further provide for the use of revenues generated by the authority; to provide for related matters; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: City of Jeffersonville; new charter; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide a new charter for the City of Jeffersonville; to provide for definitions and construction; to provide for severability; to provide for related matters; to repeal a specific Act; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Magistrate Court of Henry County; assessment and collection of a technology fee; authorize. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to authorize the assessment and collection of a technology fee by the Magistrate Court of Henry County; to identify the authorized uses of said technology fee; to provide for the maintenance of said technology fee funds; to provide for related matters; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Unified Government of Cusseta-Chattahoochee County; levy an excise tax pursuant to subsection (b) of Code Section 48-13-51 of the O.C.G.A.. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to authorize the governing authority of the Unified Government of Cusseta-Chattahoochee County to levy an excise tax pursuant to subsection (b) of Code Section 48-13-51 of the O.C.G.A.; to provide for procedures, conditions, and limitations; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Joint session; inauguration of the Governor and Constitutional Officers. Description: A RESOLUTION calling a joint session of the House of Representatives and Senate for the purpose of the inauguration of the Governor, the Lieutenant Governor, and other executive Constitutional Officers of the State of Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Williamson, Lynda Brannen; the Lynda Brannen Williamson Women's Leadership Academy; honor. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring Lynda Brannen Williamson and the Lynda Brannen Williamson Women's Leadership Academy; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: City of Atlanta; ad valorem taxes for municipal purposes; new homestead exemption; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to provide for a new homestead exemption from City of Atlanta ad valorem taxes for municipal purposes in the amount of $30,000.00 for each resident of the City of Atlanta who holds real property subject to a written lease having an initial term of not less than 99 years with a landlord that is an entity exempt from taxation under Section 501(c)(3) of the federal Internal Revenue Code and who owns all improvements located on the real property; to provide for definitions; to specify the terms and conditions of the exemption and the procedures relating thereto; to provide for applicability; to provide for related matters; to provide for compliance with constitutional requirements; to provide for a referendum, effective dates, and automatic repeal; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: City of Fort Valley; vacancies on the Fort Valley Utility Commission; provide. Description: A BILL to be entitled an Act to amend an Act providing a new charter for the City of Fort Valley, approved August 22, 1907 (Ga. L. 1907, p. 651), as amended, particularly by an Act approved May 6, 2019 (Ga. L. 2019, p. 4170), so as to provide for vacancies on the Fort Valley Utility Commission; to provide for related matters; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Nathan Deal Judicial Center; naming the forthcoming new state appellate judicial complex. Description: A RESOLUTION naming the forthcoming new state appellate judicial complex the "Nathan Deal Judicial Center"; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Murphy, Dale; legendary baseball career; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dale Murphy for his legendary baseball career; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: John Meadows Mezzanine; southern portion of the Capitol under jurisdiction of the House of Representatives; designate. Description: A RESOLUTION designating the mezzanine located at the southern portion of the Capitol under the jurisdiction of the House of Representatives between the third and fourth floors as the John Meadows Mezzanine; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Mercier, Sandra H.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Sandra H. Mercier; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: House of Representatives convened; notify Senate. Description: A RESOLUTION to notify the Senate that the House of Representatives has convened; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: House of Representatives; adopt Rules. Description: A RESOLUTION adopting the Rules of the House of Representatives; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Education; all schools, local educational agencies and state educational agency to recognize that dyslexia has a profound educational impact that must be addressed; encourage. Description: A RESOLUTION encouraging all schools, local educational agencies, and the state educational agency to recognize that dyslexia has a profound educational impact that must be addressed; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Atlanta Super Bowl Host Committee; commend Super Bowl LIII Day at the state capitol; 01/29/2019; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Atlanta Super Bowl Host Committee and celebrating January 29, 2019, as Super Bowl LIII Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Boudreau, Jared Christian; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Jared Christian Boudreau; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia's Sickle Cell Poster Children and the Sickle Cell Foundation of Georgia, Inc.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Georgia's Sickle Cell Poster Children and the Sickle Cell Foundation of Georgia, Inc.; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia's Speech-Language-Hearing Association; Georgia Speech-Language-Hearing Association Day at the state capitol; 01/28/2019; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Georgia Speech-Language-Hearing Association and recognizing January 28, 2019, as Georgia Speech-Language-Hearing Association Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, Inc.; commend; February 25, 2019 as Delta Day at the state capitol; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, Inc., and recognizing February 25, 2019, as Delta Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Leadership Cobb; members of the Leadership Cobb Class of 2019; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Leadership Cobb and the members of the Leadership Cobb Class of 2019; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Recipients of the 2018 Daughters of the American Revolution Good Citizens Award and Scholarship Contest; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the recipients of the 2018 Daughters of the American Revolution Good Citizens Award and Scholarship Contest; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Craft-Warr family; occasion of its family reunion; honor. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the Craft-Warr family upon the occasion of its family reunion; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Skinner, Mattie Lucille "Lucy" Spillers; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Mattie Lucille "Lucy" Spillers Skinner; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hogansville Charitable Trust; Hogansville Hummingbird Festival; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Hogansville Charitable Trust and the Hogansville Hummingbird Festival; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Godyva Chocolate Book Club; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending the Godyva Chocolate Book Club; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Clinch County High School Panthers football team; winning 2018 GHSA 1A State Football Championship; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Clinch County High School Panthers football team for winning the 2018 GHSA 1A State Football Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dickerson, Coach Jim; grand occasion of his retirement; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Coach Jim Dickerson upon the grand occasion of his retirement; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Effingham County Day at the capitol; January 28, 2019; saluting the Effingham County Chamber of Commerce; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing January 28, 2019, as Effingham County Day at the capitol, and saluting the Effingham County Chamber of Commerce; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ross, Bishop Dr. James Allen, Ph.D., Th.D., D.D.; dedication and faithful service to the ministry and to the Georgia government; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Bishop Dr. James Allen Ross, Ph.D., Th.D., D.D., for his dedication and faithful service to the ministry and to the Georgia government; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Haynes, Major Jeremy; honor. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the service of Major Jeremy Haynes; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Staunton, Consul General Andrew; United Kingdom; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION expressing cultural, economic, and educational cooperation with the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland and commending the Consul General Andrew Staunton of the United Kingdom for his indefatigable efforts on behalf of the special relationship between the United Kingdom and the State of Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Community Relations Commission; 30th anniversary; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Community Relations Commission on the occasion of its 30th anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Hearing Day at the state capitol; March 19, 2019; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 19, 2019, as Georgia Hearing Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Mancini, Dr. Pierluigi; outstanding achievements on behalf of immigrant mental health; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Dr. Pierluigi Mancini for his outstanding achievements on behalf of immigrant mental health; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Academy of Audiology Day at the state capitol; January 28, 2019; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing January 28, 2019, as Georgia Academy of Audiology Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Harrod, Cali; Anna Shelnutt; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Cali Harrod and Anna Shelnutt; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Shringla, Honorable Ambassador Harsh Vardhan; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Honorable Ambassador Harsh Vardhan Shringla; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Anderson, Raybon; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Raybon Anderson; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jones, Corporal Cody; Department of Natural Resources Law Enforcement's 2018 Game Warden of the Year; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Corporal Cody Jones, the Department of Natural Resources Law Enforcement's 2018 Game Warden of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Nordmark, William G., III; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of William G. Nordmark III; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Wood, J.C.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of J.C. Wood; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: King, Jeremy; Fannin County's 2020 Teacher of the Year; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Jeremy King, Fannin County's 2020 Teacher of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: DeKalb County Public Library; 2018 Georgia Public Library of the Year; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the DeKalb County Public Library for being named the 2018 Georgia Public Library of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Orji, Keturah; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Keturah Orji; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: LeValley, David James; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of David James LeValley; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hanner, Robert "Bob" Paul, Sr.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Robert "Bob" Paul Hanner, Sr.; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Valdosta State University Blazers football team; 2018 Division II National Championship victory; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Valdosta State University Blazers football team for their 2018 Division II National Championship victory; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Joint session; message from Chief Justice of the Supreme Court. Description: A RESOLUTION calling a joint session of the House of Representatives and the Senate for the purpose of hearing a message from the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court; inviting each other Justice of the Supreme Court and each Judge of the Court of Appeals to be present at the joint session; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Anderson, Greg; grand occasion of his retirement; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Greg Anderson upon the grand occasion of his retirement; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Equine Youth Day at the state capitol; February 5, 2019; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 5, 2019, as Equine Youth Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: University of Georgia chapter of Blue Key National Honor Society; Georgia Blue Key Day 2019 at the state capitol; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the University of Georgia chapter of Blue Key National Honor Society on the occasion of Georgia Blue Key Day 2019 at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: State YMCA of Georgia's Youth Assembly; 75th anniversary; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending the State YMCA of Georgia's Youth Assembly on its 75th anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Leadership Augusta Class of 2019; Alumni of the Leadership Augusta Program; Greater Augusta Day and Leadership Augusta Day at the state capitol; 02/05/19; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the leaders of Greater Augusta, the Leadership Augusta Class of 2019, alumni of the Leadership Augusta Program, and those working diligently to move the Greater Augusta community forward and recognizing February 5, 2019, as Greater Augusta Day and Leadership Augusta Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia High School Fencing League and its member teams; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Georgia High School Fencing League and its member teams; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Korematsu, Fred Toyosaburo; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Fred Toyosaburo Korematsu; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lunar New Year Celebration; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the Lunar New Year Celebration; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Berry, John; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending John Berry; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: National School Counseling Week at the state capitol; February 4-8, 2019; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the week of February 4-8, 2018, as National School Counseling Week at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: 4-H Clubs of Georgia; John Henry Walker, Arch D. Smith, and the 2018-2019 4-H Leadership Team; 4-H Day at the state capitol; February 7, 2019; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the 4-H Clubs of Georgia and John Henry Walker, Arch D. Smith, and the 2018-2019 4-H Leadership Team and recognizing February 7, 2019, as 4-H Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: McClelland, Chief Francis Arlington, Jr.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION Honoring the life, memory, and selfless service of Chief Francis Arlington McClelland, Jr.; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Gandy, Leonard B.; outstanding public service; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Leonard B. Gandy on his outstanding public service; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: American Heart Month at the state capitol; February; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February as American Heart Month at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Islamic Republic of Pakistan; Prime Minister Imran Khan; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Islamic Republic of Pakistan and Prime Minister Imran Khan; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Congress; eliminate five-month waiting period for disability insurance benefits for individuals living with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS); urge. Description: A RESOLUTION urging Congress to eliminate the five-month waiting period for disability insurance benefits for individuals living with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS); and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Primary Care Association; "Community Health Centers Day"; February 11, 2019; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 11, 2019, as "Community Health Centers Day" and commending the Georgia Primary Care Association; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Court Reporting and Captioning Week at the state capitol; February 10-16, 2019; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 10-16, 2019, as Georgia Court Reporting and Captioning Week at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Steuber, Colonel George William; grand occasion of his retirement and commending his life service and allegiance to the State of Georgia; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing Colonel George William Steuber upon the grand occasion of his retirement and commending his life of service and allegiance to the State of Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Young, Bishop McKinley; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Bishop McKinley Young; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Milton Eagles football team; winning the 2018 GHSA 7A State Football Championship; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Milton Eagles football team for winning the 2018 GHSA 7A State Football Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Johnson, John "J.T."; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending John "J.T." Johnson; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Douglass, Nettie Washington; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Nettie Washington Douglass; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: 2019 Leadership Bulloch class; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the 2019 Leadership Bulloch class; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Adjournment; relative to. Description: A RESOLUTION relative to meetings and adjournments of the General Assembly; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Denson, Honorable Nancy Beach; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating the Honorable Nancy Beach Denson; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Korean American Day at the state capitol; February 12, 2019; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and honoring February 12, 2019, as Korean American Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: McCrary, Chasten; 2019 Miss Black Georgia USA; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Chasten McCrary, the 2019 Miss Black Georgia USA; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: March of Dimes Day at the state capitol; February 7, 2019; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the March of Dimes and recognizing February 7, 2019, as March of Dimes Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hutchinson, Caleb Lee; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Caleb Lee Hutchinson; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jackson, Nettie; outstanding 25 years of service with the American Heart Association; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Nettie Jackson on her outstanding 25 years of service with the American Heart Association; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lights of Love event at Children's Healthcare of Atlanta; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Lights of Love event at Children's Healthcare of Atlanta; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Caribbean Americans; contributions made to the State of Georgia and the United States; Caribbean American Day at the state capitol; March 14, 2019; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the many contributions Caribbean Americans have made to the State of Georgia and the United States and recognizing March 14, 2019, as Caribbean American Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia's Community Service Boards; Community Service Boards Day at the state capitol; February 13, 2019; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Georgia's Community Service Boards and recognizing February 13, 2019, as Community Service Boards Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Atlanta United FC; winning the 2018 MLS Cup; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Atlanta United FC for winning the 2018 MLS Cup; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, Inc., Day at the state capitol; February 11, 2019; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 11, 2019, as the Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, Inc., Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: General Assembly; dedication of revenues derived from fees or taxes to the public purpose for which such fees or taxes were imposed; authorize - CA. Description: A RESOLUTION proposing an amendment to the Constitution so as to authorize the General Assembly to provide by general law for the dedication of revenues derived from fees or taxes to the public purpose for which such fees or taxes were imposed; to provide for procedures, conditions, and limitations; to provide for the redesignation of a current subparagraph of the Constitution; to provide for the submission of this amendment for ratification or rejection; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Property; conveyance of certain state owned real property; authorize. Description: A RESOLUTION authorizing the conveyance of certain state owned real property located in Chatham County; Authorizing the conveyance of certain state owned real property located in Clayton County; Authorizing the conveyance of certain state owned real property located in Colquitt County; Authorizing the ground lease of certain state owned real property located in Forsyth County; Authorizing the conveyance of certain state owned real property located in Hall County; Authorizing the lease of certain state owned real property located in Monroe County; to provide for related matters; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Matherne, Coach David; grand occasion of his retirement; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Coach David Matherne upon the grand occasion of his retirement; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Gainesville High School; 125th graduating class; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and saluting the 125th graduating class of Gainesville High School; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Emergency Management Association of Georgia; Emergency Management Association Day at the state capitol; February 20, 2019; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Emergency Management Association of Georgia and recognizing February 20, 2019, as Emergency Management Association Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Odum, Peyton McGowan; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Peyton McGowan Odum; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Latham, Cathleen "Cathy" A.; the Georgia Council on Economic Education's 2019 Georgia Economics Teacher of the Year; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Cathleen "Cathy" A. Latham, the Georgia Council on Economic Education's 2019 Georgia Economics Teacher of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Youth Leadership Greene (YLG); commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and recognizing Youth Leadership Greene (YLG); and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Clack, Head Coach Adam; 2018 USA Today Coach of the Year for Georgia; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Head Coach Adam Clack, the 2018 USA Today Coach of the Year for Georgia; and for other purposes
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: New Americans Day at the state capitol; February 14, 2019; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 14, 2019, as New Americans Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: McFerrin, Coach Thomas "T"; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Coach Thomas "T" McFerrin; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cain, Michael; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Michael Cain; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Harkness, Alexander Ulysses; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Alexander Ulysses Harkness; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Moore, Elijah Gabriel; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Elijah Gabriel Moore; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Miller, Alec T.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Alec T. Miller; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Kays, Peyton Howard; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Peyton Howard Kays; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Property; granting of non-exclusive easements; authorize. Description: A RESOLUTION authorizing the granting of non-exclusive easements for the construction, operation, and maintenance of facilities, utilities, roads, and ingress and egress in, on, over, under, upon, across, or through property owned by the State of Georgia in Barrow, Camden, Cobb, Floyd, Houston, and White Counties; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Henry, William "W.T.", Sr.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of William "W.T." Henry, Sr.; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Atlanta Motor Speedway; stimulating the economy and providing entertainment and enjoyment to NASCAR fans across the State of Georgia and recognizing February 21, 2019, as Atlanta Motor Speedway Day at the state capitol; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Atlanta Motor Speedway for stimulating the economy and providing entertainment and enjoyment to NASCAR fans across the State of Georgia and recognizing February 21, 2019, as Atlanta Motor Speedway Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Asian Americans Advancing Justice - Atlanta in Georgia; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the contributions of Asian Americans Advancing Justice  Atlanta in Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Contributions of immigrants and refugees in Georgia; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the contributions of immigrants and refugees in Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Greater North Fulton Chamber of Commerce; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Greater North Fulton Chamber of Commerce; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Habersham County; Habersham County Day at the state capitol; February 20, 2019; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Habersham County and recognizing February 20, 2019, as Habersham County Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Yowler, Deena; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Deena Yowler; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: National Wear Red Day; February 13, 2019; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 13, 2019, as National Wear Red Day; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Society of St. Vincent de Paul Georgia; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Society of St. Vincent de Paul Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Omega Psi Phi Fraternity, Inc.; Omega Psi Phi Fraternity, Inc., Day at the state capitol; February 13, 2019; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Omega Psi Phi Fraternity, Inc., and recognizing February 13, 2019, as Omega Psi Phi Fraternity, Inc., Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Purdie, Dr. Jill; exemplary service and achievements in her work as a physician; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dr. Jill Purdie on her exemplary service and achievements in her work as a physician; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Panoz, Dr. Don; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Dr. Don Panoz; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Public Library Day at the state capitol; February 13, 2019; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 13, 2019, as Public Library Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Preston, Diana; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Diana Preston; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Foreign Trade Zone; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Georgia Foreign Trade Zone; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Clark Atlanta University Day at the state capitol; February 13, 2019; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 13, 2019, as Clark Atlanta University Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Albany Area Chamber of Commerce; Albany-Dougherty County Day at the state capitol; February 20, 2019; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Albany Area Chamber of Commerce and recognizing February 20, 2019, as Albany-Dougherty County Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Clayton, John "Jack" Floyd; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of John "Jack" Floyd Clayton; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Johnson-Rodgers, Dr. Gloria; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dr. Gloria Johnson-Rodgers; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Afterschool Day at the state capitol; February 20, 2019; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 20, 2019, as Afterschool Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Carter, Donald "Don" J.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Donald "Don" J. Carter; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: FBI Atlanta Field Office; Violent Crimes Against Children/Human Trafficking Program; Metro Atlanta Child Exploitation (MATCH) Task Force (which includes the Georgia Bureau of Investigation); Georgia Cares; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the FBI Atlanta Field Office, the Violent Crimes Against Children/Human Trafficking Program, the Metro Atlanta Child Exploitation (MATCH) Task Force (which includes the Georgia Bureau of Investigation), and Georgia Cares; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Powell, Byron "Maxey"; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Byron "Maxey" Powell; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Gardner, Reverend Dr. Milton C., Jr.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Reverend Dr. Milton C. Gardner, Jr.; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Oglethorpe County Forestry Unit; named the Georgia Forestry Commission 2018 North Georgia Unit of the Year; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Oglethorpe County Forestry Unit on being named the Georgia Forestry Commission 2018 North Georgia Unit of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Worth County and Decatur-Seminole County Forestry Units; Georgia Forestry Commission 2018 South Georgia Co-Units of the Year; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Worth County and Decatur-Seminole County Forestry Units on being named the Georgia Forestry Commission 2018 South Georgia Co-Units of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cities and counties of Georgia; assistance given to the City of Newnan; April 21, 2018; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the cities and counties of Georgia for the assistance given to the City of Newnan on April 21, 2018; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Leger, Jay E.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Jay E. Leger; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Family and Consumer Sciences; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing Family and Consumer Sciences; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Puckett, Mackenzie; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Mackenzie Puckett; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Air Force Junior ROTC cadets of Bainbridge High School; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Air Force Junior ROTC cadets of Bainbridge High School; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Grady General Hospital; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Grady General Hospital; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Johnson, Dr. Dianna D.; Douglas County High School; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Dr. Dianna D. Johnson of Douglas County High School; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: First Annual Black Heritage Celebration in Smyrna, Georgia; February 23, 2019; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 23, 2019, as the First Annual Black Heritage Celebration in Smyrna, Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: President of the United States and Congress; enact legislation securing the citizenship of internationally adopted adult individuals; urge. Description: A RESOLUTION urging the President of the United States and the United States Congress to enact legislation securing the citizenship of internationally adopted adult individuals; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Leonard, Madrean Peoples; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Madrean Peoples Leonard; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dickey, Mrs. Cynde Martin; receipt of the Carolyn Crayton Award from Keep America Beautiful; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Mrs. Cynde Martin Dickey upon her receipt of the Carolyn Crayton Award from Keep America Beautiful; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: 2019 University of West Georgia's Student Government Association; Blue Coat ambassadors for their outstanding commitment to student leadership on campus and in the community; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the members of the 2019 University of West Georgia's Student Government Association and Blue Coat ambassadors for their outstanding commitment to student leadership on campus and in the community; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: 7th Annual Legislative Fly-In at the state capitol and commending the Georgia Airports Association and its leadership; February 20, 2019; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 20, 2019, as the 7th Annual Legislative Fly-In at the state capitol and commending the Georgia Airports Association and its leadership; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cook, Charlotte; outstanding service with the armed forces of the United States; February 19, 2019, as Women Veterans Day at the state capitol; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Charlotte Cook for her outstanding service with the armed forces of the United States and recognizing February 19, 2019, as Women Veterans Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Rocker, Jane Dotson; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Jane Dotson Rocker; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Savannah Logistics Technology Innovation Corridor; designate. Description: A RESOLUTION designating the Savannah Logistics Technology Innovation Corridor as an official technology innovation corridor in Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Mussell, Rhett M.; volunteers of the Civil Air Patrol for their service to the citizens of Georgia and recognizing March 6, 2019, as Civil Air Patrol Day at the state capitol; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Rhett M. Mussell and the volunteers of the Civil Air Patrol for their service to the citizens of Georgia and recognizing March 6, 2019, as Civil Air Patrol Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bleckley County High School girls cross country team; winning the 2018 2A Cross Country State Championship; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Bleckley County High School girls cross country team for winning the 2018 2A Cross Country State Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ward, Timothy C.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Timothy C. Ward; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Tanks, Samuel Thomas, Sr.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Samuel Thomas Tanks, Sr.; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Flau'Jae; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Flau'Jae; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bryson, Homer; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and recognizing Homer Bryson; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: National Coalition of 100 Black Women Day at the state capitol; February 21, 2019; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 21, 2019, as National Coalition of 100 Black Women Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Student Leadership Johns Creek (SLJC); efforts to foster students' leadership skills through various experiences and opportunities; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Student Leadership Johns Creek (SLJC) for its efforts to foster students' leadership skills through various experiences and opportunities; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Williams, Pastor Lavisha; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Pastor Lavisha Williams; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Green, Reverend Roderick B.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Reverend Roderick B. Green; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Arnold, Reverend Bert; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Reverend Bert Arnold; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jackson-Sparks, Reverend Dr. Betty; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Reverend Dr. Betty Jackson-Sparks; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lewis, Bishop James A., Sr.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Bishop James A. Lewis, Sr.; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Keep Georgia Beautiful Foundation; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Keep Georgia Beautiful Foundation; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: State Restaurant Day at the state capitol; February 20, 2019; commending the restaurant industry of Georgia; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 20, 2019, as State Restaurant Day at the state capitol and commending the restaurant industry of Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lawrence, Trevor; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Trevor Lawrence of Cartersville, Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: American Massage Therapy Association - Georgia Chapter and recognizing February 19, 2019, as American Massage Therapy Association - Georgia Chapter Day at the state capitol; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the American Massage Therapy Association - Georgia Chapter and recognizing February 19, 2019, as American Massage Therapy Association - Georgia Chapter Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Johnny Tolbert III House Study Committee on Heat-Related Injuries, Cardiac Injuries, and other Sports-Related Injuries; create. Description: A RESOLUTION creating the Johnny Tolbert III House Study Committee on Heat-Related Injuries, Cardiac Injuries, and Other Sports-Related Injuries; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Joint Study Committee on Evaluating and Simplifying Physician Oversight of Midlevel Providers; create. Description: A RESOLUTION creating the Joint Study Committee on Evaluating and Simplifying Physician Oversight of Midlevel Providers; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jorgensen, Annie; Miss Georgia 2018; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Annie Jorgensen, Miss Georgia 2018; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: McGill, J. Frank "Mr. Peanut Man"; outstanding public service; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending J. Frank "Mr. Peanut Man" McGill on his outstanding public service; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Webb, Timothy J., Jr.; advocacy for HIV/AIDS awareness and education; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Timothy J. Webb, Jr., for his dedicated advocacy for HIV/AIDS awareness and education; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Davis, Michael D.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Michael D. Davis; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Election Officials and Registrars Day at the state capitol; February 26, 2019; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 26, 2019, as Georgia Election Officials and Registrars Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: National Guard Day at the state capitol; March 28, 2019; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 28, 2019, as National Guard Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Macias, Domonic; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Domonic Macias; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Suddith, Pastor Eric and Melany; occasion of their 15th pastoral anniversary at the Emmanuel Community Church; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Pastor Eric Suddith and Melany Suddith on the occasion of their 15th pastoral anniversary at Emmanuel Community Church; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ifill, Reverend Earle H.; occasion of his retirement; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Reverend Earle H. Ifill on the occasion of his retirement; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Atlanta Alumni Chapter of Kappa Alpha Psi Fraternity, Inc.; grand occasion of its ninety-fifth anniversary; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and recognizing the Atlanta Alumni Chapter of Kappa Alpha Psi Fraternity, Inc., on the grand occasion of its ninety-fifth anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Brinkley, Jack Thomas, Jr.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Jack Thomas Brinkley, Jr.; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Yokley, Vincent Allen; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Vincent Allen Yokley; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Emergency Medical Services Recognition Day at the state capitol; February 21, 2019; commending the emergency medical services professionals of Georgia; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 21, 2019, as Emergency Medical Services Recognition Day at the state capitol and commending the emergency medical services professionals of Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Wells, Detective Lisa; grand occasion of her retirement; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Detective Lisa Wells on the grand occasion of her retirement; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Barr, Jeri; retirement after 35 years as chief executive officer of the Center for Family Resources; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Jeri Barr upon her retirement after 35 years as chief executive officer of the Center for Family Resources; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: McAfee, Beverly; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing, commending, and congratulating Beverly McAfee; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Adams, Master Sergeant Sparkle K.; outstanding service with the American armed forces; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Master Sergeant Sparkle K. Adams for her outstanding service with the American armed forces; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: InspirASIAN Atlanta; celebrating the Lunar New Year; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the contributions of InspirASIAN Atlanta; celebrating the Lunar New Year; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dennis, Rochelle B.; leadership and success in the fields of communications, branding and fundraising; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Rochelle B. Dennis for her leadership and success in the fields of communications, branding, and fundraising; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Inca Kola USA; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Inca Kola USA; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: George Walton Academy; George Walton Academy Founders Day at the state capitol; March 29, 2019; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending George Walton Academy and recognizing March 29, 2019, as George Walton Academy Founders Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: University System of Georgia; expressing support for employees; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION expressing support for employees of the University System of Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Smith, Bobby Frank; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Bobby Frank Smith; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Dental Association and its Foundation for Oral Health for their education, advocacy, and volunteer efforts in helping to remove barriers to dental care for the citizens of this state; recognizing its 2018 Mission of Mercy; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the dentists of Georgia, the Georgia Dental Association, and its Foundation for Oral Health for their education, advocacy, and volunteer efforts in helping to remove barriers to dental care for the citizens of this state and recognizing its 2018 Mission of Mercy; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cooper, Norm; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Norm Cooper; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Zeide, Amy; honor. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring Amy Zeide; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hubbard, Mayor Dorothy; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Mayor Dorothy Hubbard of Albany, Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: deForest, Ricci; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Ricci deForest; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Taiwan; relations with the United States and the State of Georgia; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Taiwan for its relations with the United States and the State of Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Walker, Larry D.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Larry D. Walker; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Sheppard, Jim; named 2018 Coroner of the Year; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Jim Sheppard and congratulating him upon being named 2018 Coroner of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jones, Freda; bringing HIV/AIDS awareness and education to her communities; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and honoring Freda Jones for her hard work in bringing HIV/AIDS awareness and education to her communities; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: BizMujer; dedication to creating a platform that assists Latina entrepreneurs around the world; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending BizMujer for its dedication to creating a platform that assists Latina entrepreneurs around the world; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ervin, Dr. Christopher Eric; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dr. Christopher Eric Ervin; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dawkins, Chaplain Clifton; outstanding public service; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Chaplain Clifton Dawkins on his outstanding public service; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Together Georgia Day at the state capitol; January 31, 2019; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing January 31, 2019, as Together Georgia Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Strange, Larson C. "Shot"; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Larson C. "Shot" Strange; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Chamblee Charter High School Lady Bulldogs tennis team; winning the 2018 GHSA 5A State Tennis Championship; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Chamblee Charter High School Lady Bulldogs tennis team for winning the 2018 GHSA 5A State Tennis Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Vietnamese-American Community of Georgia; Vietnamese-American Community Day at the state capitol; Mach 7, 2019; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Vietnamese-American Community of Georgia and recognizing March 7, 2019, as Vietnamese-American Community Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: "Run the Reagan" Charitable Road Race; 25th anniversary; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the 25th anniversary of the "Run the Reagan" Charitable Road Race; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Okoye, Gabe; Gabe Okoye Leadership Day in Gwinnett County; November 6, 2019; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Gabe Okoye and recognizing November 6, 2019, as Gabe Okoye Leadership Day in Gwinnett County; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Junior League of Atlanta, Inc.; serving as a catalyst for community change in Atlanta; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Junior League of Atlanta, Inc., for serving as a catalyst for community change in Atlanta; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: National League of Cities' Mayors Challenge to End Veterans Homelessness; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the National League of Cities' Mayors Challenge to End Veteran Homelessness; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Columbus Day at the state capitol; March 5, 2019; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 5, 2019, as Columbus Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bush, Edna P.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Edna P. Bush; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Collins, K. Scott; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending K. Scott Collins; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: O'Donoghue, Stephanie; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Stephanie O'Donoghue; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Wright, Crystal; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Crystal Wright; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ballard, Katherine; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Katherine Ballard; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lopez, Officer Juan; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Officer Juan Lopez; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ole Mill Rangers and the Ole Mill Blue of the Ole Mill Range Complex; exceptional performance in the United States Army National Air Rifle Championship; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and honoring the Ole Mill Rangers and the Ole Mill Blue of the Ole Mill Range Complex for their exceptional performance in the United States Army National Air Rifle Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Eleven Black Men of Liberty County, Inc.; 25th anniversary; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and recognizing the 25th anniversary of the Eleven Black Men of Liberty County, Inc.; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Roger C. Dill Transportation Center; Tift County; dedicate. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing Mr. Roger C. Dill and dedicating a building in his honor; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Foster, Tom, Jr.; Joyce Pruitt Foster; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the lives and memory of Tom Foster, Jr., and Joyce Pruitt Foster; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Mercer University School of Law; commitment to higher education; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Mercer University School of Law for its commitment to higher education; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Chapter of the National Council of Negro Women; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Georgia Chapter of the National Council of Negro Women; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Leadership Paulding 29; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Leadership Paulding 29; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: McWhorter, Josh; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Josh McWhorter; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Civil Air Patrol; service to the citizens of Georgia; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the Civil Air Patrol for their service to the citizens of Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Stewart, Whitley; winning the World Wake Surfing Championship; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and recognizing Whitley Stewart for winning the World Wake Surfing Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Golden Isles College & Career Academy; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Golden Isles College & Career Academy; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Pease, Kyle and Brent; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring and commending Kyle and Brent Pease; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Mothers Raising Sons, Inc.; Mothers Raising Sons Day at the state capitol; March 20, 2019; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Mothers Raising Sons, Inc., and recognizing March 20, 2019, as Mothers Raising Sons Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Crane, Herbert Millet "Bert", Jr.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Herbert Millet "Bert" Crane, Jr.; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Taffar, Officer Ethan; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Officer Ethan Taffar; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: The annual Cordele-Crisp County Fish Fry; commending the Cordele City Commission, the Board of Commissioners of Crisp County, the Crisp County Power Commission, the Cordele-Crisp Chamber of Commerce & Cordele Crisp County Fish Fry cooking team; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the annual Cordele-Crisp County Fish Fry and commending the Cordele City Commission, the Board of Commissioners of Crisp County, the Crisp County Power Commission, the Cordele-Crisp Chamber of Commerce & Cordele-Crisp County Fish Fry cooking team; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Rural Health Association; Rural Health Day at the state capitol; February 27, 2019; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Georgia Rural Health Association and recognizing February 27, 2019, as Rural Health Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Pre-K Week; October 7-11, 2019; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing October 7-11, 2019, as Georgia Pre-K Week; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Morris Innovative High School Translation Academy; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Morris Innovative High School Translation Academy; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Southern Nursing Angels Memorial Bridge; Bryan County; dedicate. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the lives of Caitlyn Baggett, Morgan Bass, Emily Clark, Abbie Deloach, and Catherine McKay Pittman and dedicating a bridge in their memory; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Rho Prime Chapter of the Kappa Sigma Fraternity; grand occasion of its 25th anniversary; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the Rho Prime Chapter of the Kappa Sigma Fraternity on the grand occasion of its 25th anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lee County High School Trojans football team; winning the 2018 GHSA Class 6A State Football Championship; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating the Lee County High School Trojans football team for winning the 2018 GHSA Class 6A State Football Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Patient-Centered Physicians Coalition of Georgia Day; February 28, 2019; importance of an adequate workforce of primary care and maternity care physicians in our state; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION Recognizing February 28, 2019, as Patient-Centered Physicians Coalition of Georgia Day and the importance of an adequate workforce of primary care and maternity care physicians in our state; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jorgensen, Annie; Miss Georgia 2018; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Annie Jorgensen, Miss Georgia 2018; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Marrero, President Kyle; his many contributions to the University of West Georgia; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending President Kyle Marrero for his many contributions to the University of West Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Mt. Bethel Christian Academy; one of the 2018 National Blue Ribbon Schools; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and recognizing Mt. Bethel Christian Academy as one of the 2018 National Blue Ribbon Schools; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Daniel, Sharon Stovall; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and recognizing Sharon Stovall Daniel; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: McBee, Jazzy; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and recognizing Jazzy McBee; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Black, Twanda; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Twanda Black; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Mama Mia; successful career in the field of radio broadcasting; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and recognizing Mama Mia for her successful career in the field of radio broadcasting; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hobby, Jenn; 19 years of broadcasting and programming excellence; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION Recognizing and commending Jenn Hobby for 19 years of broadcasting and programming excellence; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Littel, Joyce; 35 years of broadcasting and programming excellence; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and recognizing Joyce Littel for 35 years of broadcasting and programming excellence; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cheek, Sergeant Michael; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Sergeant Michael Cheek; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Gordon Lee High School boys golf team; winning the 2018 GHSA Class A (Public) State Championship; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Gordon Lee High School boys golf team for winning the 2018 GHSA Class A (Public) State Golf Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Real Hero Report; honoring and empowering members and veterans of the United States military; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and recognizing Real Hero Report for honoring and empowering members and veterans of the United States military; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: PANDAS Awareness Day at the state capitol; October 9, 2019; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing October 9, 2019, as PANDAS Awareness Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Veterans Day in Georgia; November 11, 2019; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing November 11, 2019, as Veterans Day in Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia State University women's tennis team; championship season and outstanding performance in the 2018 NCAA Women's Tennis Tournament; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Georgia State University women's tennis team on its championship season and outstanding performance in the 2018 NCAA Women's Tennis Tournament; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia State University men's basketball team; championship season and outstanding performance in the 2018 NCAA Men's Basketball Tournament; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Georgia State University men's basketball team on its championship season and outstanding performance in the 2018 NCAA Men's Basketball Tournament; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia State University men's soccer team; championship season and outstanding performance in the 2018 NCAA Men's Soccer Tournament; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Georgia State University Men's Soccer team on their championship season and outstanding performance in the 2018 NCAA Men's Soccer Tournament; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Home Builders Association of Georgia; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Home Builders Association of Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Interstate 14; construction; urge. Description: A RESOLUTION urging the construction of Interstate 14; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Police Chiefs and Heads of Law Enforcement Agencies Recognition Day at the state capitol; March 14, 2019; police chiefs and other heads of law enforcement agencies in this state; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending police chiefs and other heads of law enforcement agencies in this state and recognizing Tuesday, March 14, 2019, as Police Chiefs and Heads of Law Enforcement Agencies Recognition Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Sowell, John; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending John Sowell; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Strecker, Jonas Martin; 2018 Teacher of the Year for Forsyth County Schools; 2018 Georgia Teacher of the Year for the American Association of Teachers of German; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Jonas Martin Strecker, the 2018 Teacher of the Year for Forsyth County Schools, and the 2018 Georgia Teacher of the Year for the American Association of Teachers of German; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hernandez, Juan R. Ramirez; outstanding career as a composer, violinist, conductor, and community service advocate; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Juan R. Ramirez Hernandez for his outstanding career as a composer, violinist, conductor, and community service advocate; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Sigma Gamma Rho Sorority, Inc.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Sigma Gamma Rho Sorority, Inc.; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Huffman, Aja; Fairview Elementary School's 2018-2019 Teacher of the Year; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Aja Huffman, Fairview Elementary School's 2018-2019 Teacher of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Aerospace Industry; significant beneficial impact to the people and economy of the State of Georgia; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Georgia Aerospace Industry for its significant beneficial impact to the people and economy of the State of Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Fogle, Corporal Quinn; Georgia Department of Natural Resources Law Enforcement Division 2018 Investigative Game Warden of the Year; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Corporal Quinn Fogle, the Georgia Department of Natural Resources Law Enforcement Division 2018 Investigative Game Warden of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Crockett, Tim; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Tim Crockett; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia peanut industry; Peanut Butter and Jelly Day at the state capitol; March 4, 2019; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Georgia peanut industry and recognizing March 4, 2019, as Peanut Butter and Jelly Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Slater, Agnes; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Agnes Slater; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Federation of Democratic Women in Blue Day at the state capitol; February 12, 2019; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 12, 2019, as Georgia Federation of Democratic Women in Blue Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Atlantic Southeast Airlines Flight Crew 5202; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the historic Atlantic Southeast Airlines Flight Crew 5202; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: National Association of Women Business Owners (NAWBO); commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the National Association of Women Business Owners (NAWBO); and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Sears, Justice Leah Ward; outstanding public service as a trailblazer in Georgia Black History; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Justice Leah Ward Sears on her outstanding public service as a trailblazer in Georgia Black History; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Blank, Arthur; vision in bringing Atlanta United to Atlanta and for winning the 2018 MLS Cup; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing Arthur Blank for his vision in bringing Atlanta United to Atlanta and commending Atlanta United for winning the 2018 MLS Cup; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Edge, William M. "Bill", Jr.; grand occasion of his retirement; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending William M. "Bill" Edge, Jr., upon the grand occasion of his retirement; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Toole, Lynnsey; excellent performance in rodeo; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Lynnsey Toole for her excellent performance in rodeo; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Toole, Sarah; excellent performance in rodeo; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Sarah Toole for her excellent performance in rodeo; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Collins, K. Scott; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending K. Scott Collins; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Plan First program; City of Centerville, City of Chamblee, Colquitt County, City of Fitzgerald, City of Hiawassee, City of Swainsboro, City of Sylvester, City of Toccoa, and City of Washington; community planning accomplishments; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the PlanFirst program and the City of Centerville, City of Chamblee, Colquitt County, City of Fitzgerald, City of Hiawassee, City of Swainsboro, City of Sylvester, City of Toccoa, and City of Washington for their many community planning accomplishments, in conjunction with the Georgia Planning Act; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Harris; Frederic Alan "Fred"; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Frederic Alan "Fred" Harris; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Walls, Josie Earle Spencer Roberts; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Josie Earle Spencer Roberts Walls; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Thayer, Susan; outstanding public service as an educator and administrator; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Susan Thayer on her outstanding public service as an educator and administrator; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Wells, Sister Barbara Jean Hambry; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Sister Barbara Jean Hambry Wells; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Farokhi, Dr. Beth; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Dr. Beth Farokhi; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Owners and operators of convenience stores; easy access to disabled customers desiring to refuel their vehicles; urge. Description: A RESOLUTION urging owners and operators of convenience stores in Georgia to provide easy access to disabled customers desiring to refuel their vehicles; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Frank, Dr. James; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Dr. James Frank; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ramsey Furniture Company; grand occasion of its 100th anniversary; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating Ramsey Furniture Company upon the grand occasion of its 100th anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Miss Georgia Peach Scholarship Pageant; 2018 Georgia Peach Queens; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Miss Georgia Peach Scholarship Pageant and the 2018 Georgia Peach Queens; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Anderson, Amber Patrice; Adamson Middle School's 2019 Teacher of the Year; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Amber Patrice Anderson, Adamson Middle School's 2019 Teacher of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Smokey Bear; 75th birthday; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Smokey Bear on his 75th birthday; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Stanley, Savannah; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Savannah Stanley; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lawson, Alton W.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Alton W. Lawson; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Johns Creek High School Gladiators men's swim team; winning the 2018-2019 GHSA 6A State Championship; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Johns Creek High School Gladiators men's swim team for winning the 2018-2019 GHSA 6A State Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Apostol, Mr. John; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Mr. John Apostol; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Hispanic Chamber of Commerce; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Georgia Hispanic Chamber of Commerce; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Areu, Ozzie and Will; founding the first Latino-owned film studio in Georgia and the United States; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Ozzie Areu and Will Areu on their founding of the first Latino-owned film studio in Georgia and the United States; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Communities in Schools of Rome-Floyd County; grand occasion of its 25th anniversary; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring Communities in Schools of Rome-Floyd County on the grand occasion of its 25th anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Wentworth, Dr. Craig; outstanding lifetime service to higher education; grand occasion of his retirement; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dr. Craig Wentworth on his outstanding lifetime service to higher education and congratulating him upon the grand occasion of his retirement; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Willard, Wendell; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Wendell Willard; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Joint Study Committee on Infant and Toddler Social and Emotional Health; create. Description: A RESOLUTION creating the Joint Study Committee on Infant and Toddler Social and Emotional Health; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: NSPIRE Outreach; grand occasion of its 20th anniversary; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating NSPIRE Outreach on the grand occasion of its 20th anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hough, James Jackson "Jack"; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and honoring James Jackson "Jack" Hough, a citizen of Gainesville, Georgia who was a well-known and loved member of his community; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Martin, Chief Carol; Gainesville Police Department; commitment to ensuring the safety of her community and its citizens; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Chief Carol Martin of the Gainesville Police Department for her commitment to ensuring the safety of her community and its citizens; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jones, Dr. Curtis; named the 2019 National Superintendent of the Year; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and honoring Dr. Curtis Jones upon being named the 2019 National Superintendent of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Atlanta University Center Consortium; grand occasion of its 90th anniversary; Atlanta University Day at the state capitol; March 29, 2019; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending the Atlanta University Center Consortium on the grand occasion of its 90th anniversary and recognizing March 29, 2019, as Atlanta University Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Pennamon, Brandon; outstanding community service; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Brandon Pennamon on his outstanding community service; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Mothers Raising Sons Day at the state capitol; March 26, 2019; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Mothers Raising Sons, Inc., and recognizing March 26, 2019, as Mothers Raising Sons Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Eleven Black Men of Liberty County, Inc.; 25th anniversary; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and recognizing the 25th anniversary of the Eleven Black Men of Liberty County, Inc.; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Brown, Reverend Abram "Abe" Fitzgerald, Sr.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Reverend Abram "Abe" Fitzgerald Brown, Sr.; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: 2019 St. Patrick's Day Parade Committee; General Chairman Lawrence E. Edgerly; Grand Marshal Gerald Patrick Counihan, Sr.; 2019 St. Patrick's Day Parade in Savannah, Georgia; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the members of the 2019 St. Patrick's Day Parade Committee, General Chairman Lawrence E. Edgerly, and the Grand Marshal of the 2019 St. Patrick's Day Parade, Gerald Patrick Counihan, Sr., on the upcoming occasion of the 2019 St. Patrick's Day Parade in Savannah, Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lackey, Bishop Aaron B., Sr.; anniversary of The Temple of Prayer Family Worship Cathedral; February 10, 2019; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Bishop Aaron B. Lackey, Sr., and acknowledging February 10, 2019, as the anniversary of The Temple of Prayer Family Worship Cathedral; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Miller, Charles "Chuck"; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Charles "Chuck" Miller; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Manley, Reverend Robert and Doctor Ollie Irons; grand occasion of their 50th wedding anniversary; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating Reverend Robert and Doctor Ollie Irons Manley upon the grand occasion of their 50th wedding anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Harper, Charles Haley "Charley", Jr.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Charles Haley "Charley" Harper, Jr.; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Collins, Coach Geoff; selection as head coach of the Georgia Tech football team; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Coach Geoff Collins upon his selection as head coach of the Georgia Tech football team; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Peterson, Dr. G. P. "Bud"; retirement as president of Georgia Tech; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dr. G. P. "Bud" Peterson upon his retirement as president of Georgia Tech; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jones, Dr. Curtis; 2019 National Superintendent of the Year; Dr. Curtis Jones Day at the state capitol; April 7, 2019; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring Dr. Curtis Jones upon being named the 2019 National Superintendent of the Year and recognizing April 7, 2019, as Dr. Curtis Jones Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bryant, Dr. Jamal-Harrison; appointment as senior pastor of New Birth Missionary Baptist Church; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Reverend Dr. Jamal-Harrison Bryant and his appointment as senior pastor of New Birth Missionary Baptist Church; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Childs, Mr. Leroy; exemplary service to public libraries in the State of Georgia; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing Mr. Leroy Childs for exemplary service to public libraries in the State of Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lester, Terence and Cecilia; founders of Love Beyond Walls; dedication to providing resources and building awareness of homelessness and poverty within the State of Georgia and abroad; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Terence and Cecilia Lester, founders of Love Beyond Walls, for their dedication to providing resources and building awareness of homelessness and poverty within the State of Georgia and abroad; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: National Association for the Education of Homeless Children and Youth (NAEHCY); commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the National Association for the Education of Homeless Children and Youth (NAEHCY); and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Binkley, Maura; commending the formation of Maura's Voice; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Maura Binkley and commending the formation of Maura's Voice; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Electric Vehicle Day at the state capitol; March 7, 2019; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 7, 2019, as Electric Vehicle Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: University System of Georgia Outstanding Scholars on Academic Recognition Day for 2019; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the University System of Georgia Outstanding Scholars on Academic Recognition Day for 2019; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: United Hemophilia Foundation and its founders, Harvey and Dr. Carletha Gates; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the United Hemophilia Foundation and its founders, Harvey and Dr. Carletha Gates; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hunter, Homer, Sr.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Homer Hunter, Sr.; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Gary, Mary Dorothy; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Mary Dorothy Gary; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Mitchell, Henry, III; outstanding public service; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Henry Mitchell III on his outstanding public service; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Idiopathic Pulmonary Fibrosis Research and Awareness Week in the State of Georgia; September 8 through 14, 2019; increase awareness and understanding of idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the week of September 8 through 14, 2019, as Idiopathic Pulmonary Fibrosis Research and Awareness Week in the State of Georgia to increase awareness and understanding of idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: State of Israel; condemning anti-Semitism in all forms; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the State of Israel and condemning anti-Semitism in all its forms; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Justice, Barbara Jean; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Barbara Jean Justice; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Grogan, Chief Billy; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Chief Billy Grogan; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Stadler, Harrison; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Harrison Stadler; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Sharpless, Thomas; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Thomas Sharpless; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Youth Science & Technology Centers (GYSTC), Inc.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Georgia Youth Science & Technology Centers (GYSTC), Inc.; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Blackmon, Larry; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring and commending Larry Blackmon; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia's Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders (AAPIs); Georgia Asian American Lobby Day at the state capitol; March 13, 2019; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the contributions of Georgia's Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders (AAPIs) and recognizing March 13th, 2019, as Georgia Asian American Lobby Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Compton, Sonya; outstanding public service; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Sonya Compton on her outstanding public service; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Robinson, Kelly; outstanding public service; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Kelly Robinson on his outstanding public service; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Morris, Kevin; selected as a Marshall Scholar; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Kevin Morris on being selected as a Marshall Scholar; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Corbett, Johnny B.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Johnny B. Corbett; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Harris, Judy Cecelia; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Judy Cecelia Harris; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Information Technology Senior Management Forum (ITSMF); ITSMF Day at the state capitol; March 9, 2019; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Information Technology Senior Management Forum (ITSMF) and recognizing March 9, 2019, as ITSMF Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Reaves, Chris and Jana; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Chris and Jana Reaves; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cousins, Dr. Ednola Vandella; receiving the Nikki T. Randall Yellow Rose Award; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating Dr. Ednola Vandella Cousins on receiving the Nikki T. Randall Yellow Rose Award; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: National Prostate Awareness Association; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the National Prostate Awareness Association; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Gray, Reverend Russell; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Reverend Russell Gray; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cutts, Grace; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Grace Cutts; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Rotary Club of Claxton; 80th anniversary; continued service in the community, the State of Georgia, and around the world; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Rotary Club of Claxton on its 80th anniversary and for its continued service in the community, the State of Georgia, and around the world; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: State Coalition of Georgia, NCNW; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the State Coalition of Georgia, NCNW; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Traylor, Masonia; outstanding public service as a global activist for HIV/AIDS; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Masonia Traylor on her outstanding public service as a global activist for HIV/AIDS; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cunningham, Joe; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Joe Cunningham; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Stanton, David; Ireland's Government Minister for Equality, Immigration, and Integration; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending David Stanton, Ireland's Government Minister for Equality, Immigration, and Integration; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: American Heritage Girls (AHG); commend. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring and commending American Heritage Girls (AHG); and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Trail Life USA; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Trail Life USA; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Duke, Nellie Dunaway; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Nellie Dunaway Duke; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Thomas, Katreina; receiving the 2019 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Katreina Thomas for receiving the 2019 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Roundtree, Hilda; receiving the 2019 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Hilda Roundtree for receiving the 2019 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jones, Michelle S.; receiving the 2019 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Michelle S. Jones for receiving the 2019 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Clark, Dorothy J.; receiving the 2019 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Dorothy J. Clark for receiving the 2019 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Morgan, Valerie; receiving the 2019 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader award; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating Valerie Morgan on receiving the 2019 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader award; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cwalina, Debbie Baker; receiving the 2019 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Debbie Baker Cwalina for receiving the 2019 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Moon, Tamira; receiving the 2019 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Tamira Moon for receiving the 2019 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Haley, Emily; receiving the 2019 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Emily Halevy for receiving the 2019 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Badu, Dr. Sonnie; First Lady Annie Badu; The Rock Hill Church family; contributions to the community and commitment to furthering the Gospel of Jesus Christ; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dr. Sonnie Badu, First Lady Annie Badu, and The Rock Hill Church family for their contributions to the community and commitment to furthering the Gospel of Jesus Christ; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: United Nations International Day of Forests; March 21; recognizing the sustainability and economic importance of Georgia's working forests and forest products industries; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the sustainability and economic importance of Georgia's working forests and forest products industries in honor of the United Nations International Day of Forests on March 21; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Baldwin, Beauty P.; outstanding public service as an educator; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Beauty P. Baldwin on her outstanding public service as an educator; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Oscar winners and nominees from the State of Georgia; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Oscar winners and nominees from the State of Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia's Grammy winners and nominees; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Georgia's Grammy winners and nominees; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Section of the Institute of Transportation Engineers and the Atlanta Chapter of the Women's Transportation Seminar; exceptional contributions to the advancement of the transportation industry; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Georgia Section of the Institute of Transportation Engineers and the Atlanta Chapter of the Women's Transportation Seminar for their exceptional contributions to the advancement of the transportation industry; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Student Government Associations and Student Councils of Henry County; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Student Government Associations and Student Councils of Henry County; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Fase Insurance Group; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Fase Insurance Group; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Stephens, Shane; Consul General of Ireland; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Shane Stephens, Consul General of Ireland; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Stanton, David; Ireland's Government Minister for Equality, Immigration, and Integration; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending David Stanton, Ireland's Government Minister for Equality, Immigration, and Integration; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Production Day at the state capitol; March 14, 2019; Dallas Austin; inaugural ambassador and honoree of Georgia Production Day; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 14, 2019, as Georgia Production Day at the state capitol; commending Dallas Austin as the inaugural ambassador and honoree of Georgia Production Day; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Type 1 Diabetes Day at the state capitol; March 14, 2019; commending the Georgia residents who have Type 1 Diabetes and whose families continually educate and advocate; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Georgia residents who have Type 1 Diabetes and whose families continually educate and advocate and recognizing March 14, 2019, as Type 1 Diabetes Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cullen, Patricia Parker; outstanding community service; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Patricia Parker Cullen on her outstanding community service; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Anthony, Shelley "Butch", III.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Shelley "Butch" Anthony III; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hartley, Cliff; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Cliff Hartley; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Flores, Officer Edgar Isidro; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Officer Edgar Isidro Flores; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Effingham YMCA Christian Leadership Academy of the Effingham YMCA; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Effingham YMCA Christian Leadership Academy of the Effingham YMCA; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Weiss, JoAnn; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending JoAnn Weiss; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Theta Xi Omega Chapter of Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, Inc.; 52 years of service; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION celebrating and commending the Theta Xi Omega Chapter of Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, Inc., for 52 years of service; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Sigma Nu Fraternity, Inc.; celebrate 150 years of commitment in love, honor, and truth at the Atlanta History Center; April 25, 2019; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Sigma Nu Fraternity, Inc., as they celebrate 150 years of commitment in love, honor, and truth on April 25, 2019, at the Atlanta History Center; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: The Arc Georgia Day at the state capitol; March 13, 2019; commending contributions of The Arc Georgia's local chapters, members, & community supporters who work alongside those with intellectual disabilities and/or developmental disabilities; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 13, 2019, as The Arc Georgia Day at the state capitol; and commending the contributions of The Arc Georgia's local chapters, members, and community supporters who work alongside those with intellectual disabilities and/or developmental disabilities; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Thomas, Dylan; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Dylan Thomas; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dr. Walter Rodney Day at the state capitol; March 23, 2019; commending Dr. Walter Rodney and the 16th Annual Walter Rodney Symposium; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Dr. Walter Rodney and the 16th Annual Walter Rodney Symposium, and recognizing March 23, 2019, as Dr. Walter Rodney Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: House Study Committee on Innovative Financial Options for Senior Living; create. Description: A RESOLUTION creating the House Study Committee on Innovative Financial Options for Senior Living; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jack and Jill of America, Inc.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Jack and Jill of America, Inc.; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Mill Creek Varsity Competition Dance Team; winning the 2018-2019 6A/7A GHSA State Dance Invitational Competition; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Mill Creek Varsity Competition Dance Team for winning the 2018-2019 6A/7A GHSA State Dance Invitational Competition; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: College of Environment and Design at the University of Georgia; 50th anniversary; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the College of Environment and Design at the University of Georgia on the occasion of its 50th anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Meningococcal B Awareness Day at the state capitol; April 24; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing April 24 as Meningococcal B Awareness Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: American Peanut Shellers Association; great leadership; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and recognizing the great leadership of the American Peanut Shellers Association; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Vance, Honorable Kenneth; Director of Post; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Honorable Kenneth Vance, Director of Post; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Usry, Reverend Gregg; occasion of his 30th pastoral anniversary; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Reverend Gregg Usry on the occasion of his 30th pastoral anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: New Zion Missionary Baptist Church; occasion of its 63rd anniversary; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending New Zion Missionary Baptist Church on the occasion of its 63rd anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Rogers, Pennye Aiken; outstanding public service; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Pennye Aiken Rogers on her outstanding public service; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Gainesville High School; grand occasion of its 125th anniversary; commending its distinguished graduates; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing Gainesville High School on the grand occasion of its 125th anniversary and commending its distinguished graduates; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Rogers, William Lee "Billy", Jr.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of William Lee "Billy" Rogers, Jr.; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Avondale Estates, City of; Tree City USA recognition; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the City of Avondale Estates for its Tree City USA recognition; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Skin Cancer Awareness Day at the state capitol; March 20, 2019; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 20, 2019, as Skin Cancer Awareness Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Sprecher, Thomas Trey; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Thomas Trey Sprecher; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Averett, D. Hal; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of D. Hal Averett; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Mohr, Mary Georgia; Distinguished Older Georgian for 2019; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Mary Georgia Mohr as the Distinguished Older Georgian for 2019; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Currelley, Chandra; outstanding success in the entertainment industry; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Chandra Currelley for her outstanding success in the entertainment industry; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hicks, Ken; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Ken Hicks; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Carver High School boys basketball team; winning the 2019 GHSA 4A State Basketball Championship; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Carver High School boys basketball team for winning the 2019 GHSA Class 4A State Basketball Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Carver High School Tigers girls basketball team; winning the 2019 GHSA 4A State Basketball Championship; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Carver High School Tigers girls basketball team for winning the 2019 GHSA 4A State Basketball Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Nixon, Jordan; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and recognizing Jordan Nixon; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: James, P. Rae; receiving the 2019 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending P. Rae James for receiving the 2019 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Brandon, Bentley; Detailers Across America Association; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and recognizing Bentley Brandon and the Detailers Across America Association; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Children's Day at the Capitol; March 22, 2019; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 22, 2019, as Children's Day at the Capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Atlanta Born Losers MC day at the state capitol; April 20, 2019; 60th anniversary; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Atlanta Born Losers MC on its 60th anniversary and recognizing April 20, 2019, as Atlanta Born Losers MC day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: National Prostate Awareness Association; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the National Prostate Awareness Association; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Union Grove Baptist Church of Union City, Inc.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Union Grove Baptist Church of Union City, Inc.; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Gumbs, Councilwoman Carmalitha; outstanding public service; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Councilwoman Carmalitha Gumbs on her outstanding public service; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Tanner, Reverend Henry Louis; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the life and legacy of Reverend Henry Louis Tanner; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: GEORGIA SMALL BUSINESS WEEK at the state capitol; March 18-22, 2019; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Georgia's small businesses and recognizing March 18-22, 2019, as GEORGIA SMALL BUSINESS WEEK at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bray, Philip; SafeHouse Outreach; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Philip Bray and SafeHouse Outreach; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Waters, Dr. Jeffrey; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dr. Jeffrey Waters; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia CASA; 30 years of advocacy; Duaine Hathaway; 18 years of service; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring Georgia CASA for 30 years of advocacy and recognizing Duaine Hathaway for 18 years of service; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Kings Bay Naval Submarine Base; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Kings Bay Naval Submarine Base; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Korean Independence Movement; 100th anniversary; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the 100th Anniversary of the Korean Independence Movement; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: HoPe: Hispanic Organization Promoting Education; David Araya and Angela Hurtado-Araya; 10th anniversary; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the 10th Anniversary of HoPe: Hispanic Organization Promoting Education and its founders David Araya and Angela Hurtado-Araya; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: McRae, Joni Gross; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Joni Gross McRae; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jackson, Michelle; Forest Park High School's Teacher of the Year; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Michelle Jackson, Forest Park High School's Teacher of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Adams, Lacresha; Edmonds Elementary School's Teacher of the Year; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Lacresha Adams, Edmonds Elementary School's Teacher of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hillgrove High School Navy JROTC cadets; Orienteering Championship; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Hillgrove High School Navy JROTC cadets on their Orienteering Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Tanner, Reverend Henry Louis; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and legacy of Reverend Henry Louis Tanner; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Trammell, Lategra; Huie Elementary School's Teacher of the Year; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Lategra Trammell, Huie Elementary School's Teacher of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Thomas, Chemily; Forest Park Middle School's Teacher of the Year; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Chemily Thomas, Forest Park Middle School's Teacher of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lopez, Maritza; Unidos Dual Language School's Teacher of the Year; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Maritza Lopez, Unidos Dual Language School's Teacher of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Caraballo, Priscilla; Anderson Elementary School's Teacher of the Year; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Priscilla Caraballo, Anderson Elementary School's Teacher of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Wen-je, Honorable Ko; Mayor of Taipei City; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION welcoming and commending the Honorable Ko, Wen-je, Mayor of Taipei City; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Huff, Emma Jean Hamilton; receiving the 2019 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Emma Jean Hamilton Huff for receiving the 2019 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: House Study Committee on Exploring a Floor and Trade Charity Care System; create. Description: A RESOLUTION creating the House Study Committee on Exploring a Floor and Trade Charity Care System; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: House Study Committee on Gang and Youth Violence Prevention; create. Description: A RESOLUTION creating the House Study Committee on Gang and Youth Violence Prevention; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: House Study Committee on Maternal Mortality; create. Description: A RESOLUTION creating the House Study Committee on Maternal Mortality; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: House Study Committee on Georgia's Barriers to Access to Adequate Health Care; create. Description: A RESOLUTION creating the House Study Committee on Georgia's Barriers to Access to Adequate Health Care; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: House Study Committee on Workforce Housing; create. Description: A RESOLUTION creating the House Study Committee on Workforce Housing; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Thomas, Michael; outstanding service as chairman of the Caribbean American Cultural Arts Foundation; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Michael Thomas on his outstanding service as chairman of the Caribbean American Cultural Arts Foundation; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Holley, Jordan; winning the gold medal at the state competition as the best overall male weight lifter; setting world records in the deadlift and squat at the 2019 Revolution Powerlifting Sarasota Showdown; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Jordan Holley for winning the gold medal at the state competition as the best overall male weight lifter, and setting world records in the deadlift and squat at the 2019 Revolution Powerlifting Sarasota Showdown; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: House District 8; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending House District 8; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Teenage Republicans (GATRs) program; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Georgia Teenage Republicans (GATRs) program; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Charter of Local 613 of the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers; 100th anniversary; impacts and achievements of this IBEW Local in the City of Atlanta and the State of Georgia; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the 100th anniversary of the installation of the Charter of Local 613 of the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers and recognizing the impacts and achievements of this IBEW Local in the City of Atlanta and in the State of Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Samuels, Melony; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Melony Samuels; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cutts, Reverend Thomas Warren; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Reverend Thomas Warren Cutts; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cystic Fibrosis Education and Awareness Day at the state capitol; May 1, 2019; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Cystic Fibrosis Foundation and recognizing May 1, 2019, as Cystic Fibrosis Education and Awareness Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Blitch, Freddy; occasion of his retirement; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Freddy Blitch on the occasion of his retirement; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Brosh, Special Agent Margaret A.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and recognizing Special Agent Margaret A. Brosh; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Beck, Chief Deputy Milton; outstanding public service with the Cobb County Sheriff's Office; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Chief Deputy Milton Beck on his outstanding public service with the Cobb County Sheriff's Office; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Avillar, Maddie; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Maddie Avillar; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Willis, Darla; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Darla Willis; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Latimer, Elizabeth; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Elizabeth Latimer; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Price, Ana; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Ana Price; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Anthony, D'Anne; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating D'Anne Anthony; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Grant, David Franklin; grand occasion of his retirement; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending David Franklin Grant on the grand occasion of his retirement; and for other purposes
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cohutta, Town of; historic 50th anniversary; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and honoring the Town of Cohutta on its historic 50th anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Terwilliger, Courtney; 2018 Georgia Emergency Medical Services Director of the Year; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Courtney Terwilliger, the 2018 Georgia Emergency Medical Services Director of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: End Homelessness Day at the state capitol; March 21, 2019; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION acknowledging the plight of Georgia's homeless citizens and recognizing March 21, 2019, as End Homelessness Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Davis, Ella; outstanding public service as program manager for the Education Committee of the South DeKalb Improvement Association; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Ella Davis on her outstanding public service as program manager for the Education Committee of the South DeKalb Improvement Association ; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Gabbidon, Landon; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Landon Gabbidon; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lewis, Thomas Carlton; retirement from Georgia State University; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Thomas Carlton Lewis on his retirement from Georgia State University; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Landmark Christian School; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Landmark Christian School; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: McKinzie, Sonya; 2019 Georgia Single Parent Legacy Builder award nominee; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing 2019 Georgia Single Parent Legacy Builder award nominee Sonya McKinzie; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: James, Jana; 2019 Georgia Single Parent Legacy Builder award nominee; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing 2019 Georgia Single Parent Legacy Builder award nominee Jana James; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jones, Bishonna; 2019 Georgia Single Parent Legacy Builder award nominee; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing 2019 Georgia Single Parent Legacy Builder award nominee Bishonna Jones; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Yow, Hubert "Skip", Jr.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Hubert "Skip" Yow, Jr.; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jones, John; winning the Class AAAA GHSA Wrestling State Championship; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending John Jones on winning the Class AAAA GHSA Wrestling State Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia linemen; commend; Georgia Lineman Appreciation Day; April 8, 2019; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Georgia linemen and recognizing April 8, 2019, as Georgia Lineman Appreciation Day; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Village Burger; named by Travel Channel as having its favorite burger in the State of Georgia; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Village Burger for being named by Travel Channel as having its favorite burger in the State of Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: The Heritage School Hawks basketball team; winning the 2019 GISA 3A State Basketball Championship; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending The Heritage School Hawks basketball team for winning the 2019 GISA 3A State Basketball Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jannakos, Andrew; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Andrew Jannakos; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Quintas, Major General Leopoldo "Lee", Jr.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Major General Leopoldo "Lee" Quintas, Jr.; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jonesboro High School Mock Trial team; winning its ninth state championship; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Jonesboro High School Mock Trial team for winning its ninth state championship; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Korean Vietnam Veterans Association; Southeast Region; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Korean Vietnam Veterans Association of the Southeast Region; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Strong-Green, Ashley; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Ashley Strong-Green; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Pay It Forward Day at the state capitol; April 28, 2019; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing April 28, 2019, as Pay It Forward Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ward, Mother Mary Eliza Walker; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Mother Mary Eliza Walker Ward; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Arab Americans; commend contributions; Arab American Heritage Month at the state capitol; April, 2019; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the contributions of Arab Americans and recognizing April, 2019, as Arab American Heritage Month at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bronson, LaChelle; 2019 Georgia Single Parent Legacy Builder award nominee; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing 2019 Georgia Single Parent Legacy Builder award nominee LaChelle Bronson; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Watson, Shallan; 2019 Georgia Single Parent Legacy Builder award nominee; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing 2019 Georgia Single Parent Legacy Builder award nominee Shallan Watson; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Marrow, Curtis; 2019 Georgia Single Parent Legacy Builder award nominee; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing 2019 Georgia Single Parent Legacy Builder award nominee Curtis Marrow; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Mercer University girls basketball team; winning their second consecutive Southern Conference Basketball Championship; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Mercer University girls basketball team for winning their second consecutive Southern Conference Basketball Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Harvard Debate Council Diversity Project; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the Harvard Debate Council Diversity Project; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Griggs, Ariana; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Ariana Griggs; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jones, Corporal Cody; 2018 Game Warden of the Year; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Corporal Cody Jones of the Georgia Department of Natural Resources Law Enforcement Division on being named 2018 Game Warden of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jordan, Breana; 2019 Georgia Single Parent Legacy Builder award nominee; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing 2019 Georgia Single Parent Legacy Builder award nominee Breana Jordan; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: King, Lonnie C., Jr.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Lonnie C. King, Jr.; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Mangrum, Jonathan; selected as a David L. Boren Scholar; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Jonathan Mangrum on being selected as a David L. Boren Scholar; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Leadership Putman Class of 2019; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Leadership Putnam Class of 2019; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cook, John; outstanding accomplishments in the sport of basketball; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing John Cook for his outstanding accomplishments in the sport of basketball; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Anderson, Dr. Alieka; outstanding service as an educator; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dr. Alieka Anderson on her outstanding service as an educator; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dyer, Coach Ryan; North Paulding County High School boys basketball team; winning the 2019 All County State Championship; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Coach Ryan Dyer and the North Paulding County High School boys basketball team for winning the 2019 All County State Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Owens, Erial; outstanding accomplishments in the sport of basketball; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing Erial Owens for her outstanding accomplishments in the sport of basketball; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Smith, Imani; outstanding accomplishments in the sport of basketball; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing Imani Smith for her outstanding accomplishments in the sport of basketball; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Harris, Jacob; outstanding accomplishments in the sport of basketball; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing Jacob Harris for his outstanding accomplishments in the sport of basketball; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Green, Coach Scott; North Paulding girls basketball team; winning Coach of the Year, All County awards for the 2018-2019 season; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Coach Scott Green of the North Paulding girls basketball team for winning Coach of the Year, All County awards for the 2018-2019 season; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Doyle, J. Griffin; grand occasion of his retirement; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending J. Griffin Doyle upon the grand occasion of his retirement; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Sikh Awareness and Appreciation Day at the state capitol; April 14, 2019; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing April 14, 2019, as Sikh Awareness and Appreciation Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Fletcher, Tiera; accomplishments as an outstanding woman in STEM; honor. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring Tiera Fletcher for her accomplishments as an outstanding woman in STEM; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Williams, Raymond "Tweet"; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Raymond "Tweet" Williams; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dorsey, Dr. Joyce; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dr. Joyce Dorsey; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Murphy, Rodney, Sr.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Rodney Murphy, Sr.; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ivey, Leland Howell "Hal"; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Leland Howell "Hal" Ivey; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Long-Term Care Ombudsman Program; 40 years of advocacy for older Georgians and individuals with disabilities who reside in long-term care facilities; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and recognizing the Georgia Long-Term Care Ombudsman Program for 40 years of advocacy for older Georgians and individuals with disabilities who reside in long-term care facilities; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Conroy, Police Chief James; outstanding public service; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Police Chief James Conroy on his outstanding public service; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Improve USA; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing Improve USA; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Theodore, Nadia; Consul General of Canada in Atlanta; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Nadia Theodore, Consul General of Canada in Atlanta, United States; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Garden City, Georgia; International City; commending the tremendous economic impact this city has had on the State of Georgia; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing Garden City, Georgia, as an International City and commending the tremendous economic impact this city has had on the State of Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Powell, Deborah Small; receiving the 2019 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Deborah Small Powell for receiving the 2019 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Byard, Patricia Johnson; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Patricia Johnson Byard; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Crim-McClendon, Dr. Susan Renee; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Dr. Susan Renee Crim-McClendon; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Association of Latino Elected Officials (GALEO); contributions for past 15 years; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the contributions of the Georgia Association of Latino Elected Officials (GALEO) in the State of Georgia for the past 15 years; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Wallace, Reverend Yvonne S.; receiving the 2019 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Reverend Yvonne S. Wallace for receiving the 2019 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: James, Pastor Claude Ray; occasion of his retirement; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Pastor Claude Ray James on the occasion of his retirement; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: 2019 legislative session temporary administrative assistants for the House of Representatives; exemplary service; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the 2019 legislative session temporary administrative assistants for the House of Representatives on their exemplary service; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ellison, Julia; occasion of her 100th birthday; 145th anniversary of the Trinity C.M.E. Church; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating Julia Ellison on the occasion of her 100th birthday and celebrating the 145th anniversary of the Trinity C.M.E. Church; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: McEachern High School boys basketball team; winning the 2019 GHSA 7A State Basketball Championship; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the McEachern High School boys basketball team for winning the 2019 GHSA 7A State Basketball Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Edgar, Sydney; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Sydney Edgar; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jenkins, Dr. Bill; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Dr. Bill Jenkins; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Wynter, Shelley; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and recognizing Shelley Wynter; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: 1969 Villa Rica High School Wildkittens girls basketball team; 50th anniversary of their state championship victory; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the 1969 Villa Rica High School Wildkittens girls basketball team on the 50th anniversary of their state championship victory; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Rabun County; grand occasion of its Bicentennial Anniversary; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and congratulating Rabun County on the grand occasion of its Bicentennial Anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Coastal scientists of Georgia; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and recognizing the coastal scientists of Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Victims of the C-130 plane crash near Savannah, Georgia; May 2, 2018; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the lives and memories of the nine victims of the C-130 plane crash near Savannah, Georgia on May 2, 2018; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Winburn, Mattilyn "Mattie"; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Mattilyn "Mattie" Winburn; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: May, Jeffery Montgomery; grand occasion of his retirement from a lifelong career in law enforcement; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Jeffery Montgomery May upon the grand occasion of his retirement from a lifelong career in law enforcement; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Smith, Mary Rachael; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Mary Rachael Smith; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Johnson, Glenda Sue; outstanding public service as a Clerk of the Superior Court of Gilmer County; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Glenda Sue Johnson on her outstanding public service as a Clerk of the Superior Court of Gilmer County; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ayers, Edward "Eddie" L.; outstanding service to the agricultural industry in Georgia; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Edward "Eddie" L. Ayers on his outstanding service to the agricultural industry in Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Tri-Cities High School Bulldogs; winning the 2019 GHSA Georgia State Basketball Championship; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Tri-Cities High School Bulldogs for winning the 2019 GHSA Georgia State Basketball Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Muhammad, Patrick S.; outstanding community service; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Patrick S. Muhammad on his outstanding community service; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Strong, Marvin Sylvester; winning the Celebration of Manhood Torch Bearer Award; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Marvin Sylvester Strong on winning the Celebration of Manhood Torch Bearer Award; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Celebrating Women in Public Office Day at the state capitol; March 19, 2019; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 19, 2019, as Celebrating Women in Public Office Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Wheat, Zoe; Model High School's 2019 STAR Student; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Zoe Wheat, Model High School's 2019 STAR Student; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Daniel, Adam; Coosa High School's 2019 STAR Teacher; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Adam Daniel, Coosa High School's 2019 STAR Teacher; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Veitch, Caleb; Chattooga High School's 2019 STAR Student; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Caleb Veitch, Chattooga High School's 2019 STAR Student; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Sparks, Carter; Trion High School's 2019 STAR Student; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Carter Sparks, Trion High School's 2019 STAR Student; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Mitchell, Zach; Coosa High School's 2019 STAR Student; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Zach Mitchell, Coosa High School's 2019 STAR Student; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Seabolt, Fletcher; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Fletcher Seabolt; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Condemning Islamophobia and other hateful expressions; expressing condolences to the victims of recent hate crimes, including 50 men, women, & children who were murdered while worshipping at two mosques in New Zealand; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION condemning Islamophobia and other hateful expressions of intolerance that contradict the values of the people of Georgia and the United States, and expressing condolences to the victims of recent hate crimes, including the 50 men, women, and children who were murdered while worshiping at two mosques in New Zealand; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Maternal Mental Health Day at the state capitol; May 1, 2019; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing May 1, 2019, as Maternal Mental Health Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Children's Healthcare of Atlanta's therapy dogs known as "Canines For Kids"; retirement of their first therapy dog, Casper; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Children's Healthcare of Atlanta's therapy dogs known as "Canines For Kids," and for the retirement of their first therapy dog, Casper; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Farokhi, Dr. Beth; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Dr. Beth Farokhi; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Seventh annual Childhood Apraxia Speech Day at the state capitol; May 14, 2019; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing May 14, 2019, as the seventh annual Childhood Apraxia of Speech Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hart, Mark Tracey; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Mark Tracey Hart; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Trice, Madison; grand occasion of her graduation from Clark Atlanta University; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Madison Trice upon the grand occasion of her graduation from Clark Atlanta University; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Williams, Rhonda; Trion High School's 2019 STAR Teacher; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Rhonda Williams, Trion High School's 2019 STAR Teacher; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Benson, Lisa; Chattooga High School's 2019 STAR Teacher; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Lisa Benson, Chattooga High School's 2019 STAR Teacher; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Franklin, Susan; Model High School's 2019 STAR Teacher; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Susan Franklin, Model High School's 2019 STAR Teacher; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Sheikh, Shanzeh; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Shanzeh Sheikh; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Doering, Maris; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Maris Doering; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Riordan, Matelyn; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Matelyn Riordan; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bradley, Avery; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Avery Bradley; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Holt, Emma; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Emma Holt; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Huse, Rosinda; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Rosinda Huse; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lopez, Emmeline; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Emmeline Lopez; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lewis, Alfreda; Stockbridge High School's Teacher of the Year; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Alfreda Lewis, Stockbridge High School's Teacher of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Smith, Representative Lynn; House District 70; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Representative Lynn Smith of House District 70; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Senoia Police Department; role in helping make Senoia the safest city in Georgia for 2019; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Senoia Police Department for its role in helping make Senoia the safest city in Georgia for 2019; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Marion County High School girls basketball team; winning the 2019 GHSA Class A State Basketball Championship; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Marion County High School girls basketball team for winning the 2019 GHSA Class A State Basketball Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Mussington, Yvonne; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Yvonne Mussington; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Global Sikh Community; Universal Brotherhood Day at the state capitol; April 14, 2019; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Global Sikh Community and recognizing April 14, 2019, as Universal Brotherhood Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Pittman, Honorable Donna; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating the Honorable Donna Pittman; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Brown, Major Rebecca Y.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Major Rebecca Y. Brown; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hood, Zerian DeShawn-Vanel; Banneker High School's Class of 2019 valedictorian; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Zerian DeShawn-Vanel Hood, Banneker High School's Class of 2019 valedictorian; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Pham, Duyen T.; Forest Park High School's Class of 2019 valedictorian; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Duyen T. Pham, Forest Park High School's Class of 2019 valedictorian; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Banks, Camryn; Tri-Cities High School's Class of 2019 valedictorian and STAR Student; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Camryn Banks, Tri-Cities High School's Class of 2019 valedictorian and STAR Student; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia National Fairgrounds and Agricenter; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Georgia National Fairgrounds and Agricenter; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Thomas, Lee; Georgia Trend 2019 Georgian of the Year; work in attracting and growing the motion picture and television industry in Georgia; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Lee Thomas as the Georgia Trend 2019 Georgian of the Year for her work in attracting and growing the motion picture and television industry in Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Moore, Susan; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Susan Moore; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Parks, Garynne; Austin Road Middle School's 2019 Teacher of the Year; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Garynne Parks, Austin Road Middle School's 2019 Teacher of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Daniels, Rita; long career of education outreach; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Rita Daniels on her long career of education outreach; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Johnson, Marshal Antonio R.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Marshal Antonio R. Johnson; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Choragudi, Ridhi; Girl Scout Gold Award; Girl Scouts' highest honor; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Ridhi Choragudi on the Girl Scout Gold Award, Girl Scouts' highest honor; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Rotary Club of Jefferson; 80th anniversary; continued service in the community, the State of Georgia, and around the world; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Rotary Club of Jefferson on its 80th anniversary and for its continued service in the community, the State of Georgia, and around the world; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Curran, Olivia; Girl Scout Gold Award; Girl Scouts' highest honor; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Olivia Curran on the Girl Scout Gold Award, Girl Scouts' highest honor; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Davis, Caroline; Girl Scout Gold Award; Girl Scouts' highest honor; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Caroline Davis on the Girl Scout Gold Award, Girl Scouts' highest honor; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Barth, Lindsey and Dylan Carson; occasion of their wedding; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating Lindsey Barth and Dylan Carson on the occasion of their wedding; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Simmons, Madeline; Girl Scout Gold Award; Girl Scouts' highest honor; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Madeline Simmons on the Girl Scout Gold Award, Girl Scouts' highest honor; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Miller, Grace; Girl Scout Gold Award; Girl Scouts' highest honor; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Grace Miller on the Girl Scout Gold Award, Girl Scouts' highest honor; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Williams, Marissa; Girl Scout Gold Award; Girl Scouts' highest honor; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Marissa Williams on the Girl Scout Gold Award, Girl Scouts' highest honor; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Mathew, Rhea; Girl Scout Gold Award; Girl Scouts' highest honor; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Rhea Mathew on the Girl Scout Gold Award, Girl Scouts' highest honor; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Manley, Mary Ann; Girl Scout Gold Award; Girl Scouts' highest honor; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Mary Ann Manley on the Girl Scout Gold Award, Girl Scouts' highest honor; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Kasam, Anuhya; Girl Scout Gold Award; Girl Scouts' highest honor; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Anuhya Kasam on the Girl Scout Gold Award, Girl Scouts' highest honor; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ludlow, Grayce; Girl Scout Gold Award; Girl Scouts' highest honor; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Grayce Ludlow on the Girl Scout Gold Award, Girl Scouts' highest honor; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Walton County Citizen Corps Council; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Walton County Citizen Corps Council; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Nizamidin, Nigara; Rome High School's 2018-2019 STAR Student; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Nigara Nizamidin, Rome High School's 2018-2019 STAR Student; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Sebuh, Sophie; Rome High School's 2018-2019 STAR Student; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Sophie Sebuh, Rome High School's 2018-2019 STAR Student; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cadle, Brianna; Rome High School's 2018-2019 STAR Student; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Brianna Cadle, Rome High School's 2018-2019 STAR Student; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hutcherson, Kayla; Armuchee High School's 2018-2019 STAR Student; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Kayla Hutcherson, Armuchee High School's 2018-2019 STAR Student; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Carles, Raylor; Pepperell High School's 2018-2019 STAR Student; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Raylor Carles, Pepperell High School's 2018-2019 STAR Student; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Blankenship, Boone; Unity Christian School's 2018-2019 STAR Student; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Boone Blankenship, Unity Christian School's 2018-2019 STAR Student; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Miao, Cheng Zhi "Arnold"; Darlington School's 2018-2019 STAR Student; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Cheng Zhi "Arnold" Miao, Darlington School's 2018-2019 STAR Student; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Brown, Sarah; Rome High School's 2018-2019 STAR Teacher; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Sarah Brown, Rome High School's 2018-2019 STAR Teacher; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jackson, Eli; Rome High School's 2018-2019 STAR Teacher; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Eli Jackson, Rome High School's 2018-2019 STAR Teacher; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Stafford, Randy; Rome High School's 2018-2019 STAR Teacher; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Randy Stafford, Rome High School's 2018-2019 STAR Teacher; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bates, Seth; Armuchee High School's 2018-2019 STAR Teacher; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Seth Bates, Armuchee High School's 2018-2019 STAR Teacher; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Gee, Haley; Pepperell High School's 2018-2019 STAR Teacher; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Haley Gee, Pepperell High School's 2018-2019 STAR Teacher; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Payne, Susan; Unity Christian School's 2018-2019 STAR Teacher; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Susan Payne, Unity Christian School's 2018-2019 STAR Teacher; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: McDurmon, Bryan Kelly; Darlington School's 2018-2019 STAR Teacher; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Bryan Kelly McDurmon, Darlington School's 2018-2019 STAR Teacher; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Evans-Barton, Dr. Torri J.; outstanding community service; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dr. Torri J. Evans-Barton on her outstanding community service; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Chastain, Sheriff Jay Vernon, Sr.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Sheriff Jay Vernon Chastain, Sr.; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Wilcox, Travion; North Clayton High School's Class of 2019 valedictorian; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Travion Wilcox, North Clayton High School's Class of 2019 valedictorian; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Pacheco, Marco; South Atlanta High School's Class of 2019 valedictorian; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Marco Pacheco, South Atlanta High School's Class of 2019 valedictorian; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Muscogee County School District 2019 Teacher of the Year Honorees; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Muscogee County School District 2019 Teacher of the Year Honorees; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jasmin, Naomi; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Naomi Jasmin; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Beck, Mott; grand occasion of her retirement; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Mott Beck upon the grand occasion of her retirement; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dove, Jim; grand occasion of his retirement; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Jim Dove upon the grand occasion of his retirement; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Seith, Alexis; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Alexis Seith; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Seides, Jenna; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Jenna Seides; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Fuller, Dara; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Dara Fuller; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Douglas, Carolyn; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Carolyn Douglas; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cuccia, Gwendolyn; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Gwendolyn Cuccia; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Victims of the C-130 plane crash near Savannah, Georgia; May 2, 2018; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the lives and memories of the nine victims of the C-130 plane crash near Savannah Georgia on May 2, 2018; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Sprecher, Erika; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Erika Sprecher; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Munroe, Megan; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Megan Munroe; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Mahoney, Dylan; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Dylan Mahoney; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lowery, Alzada Kelley; life of service; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating Alzada Kelley Lowery for her life of service; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Backes, Dr. Charles E.; outstanding service as a professor at Valdosta State University; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dr. Charles E. Backes on his outstanding service as a professor at Valdosta State University; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Robertson, Shalandra D.; exemplary work with crime victims; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and honoring Shalandra D. Robertson for her exemplary work with crime victims; and for other purposes. A RESOLUTION
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cullen, Patricia "Patti" Parker; outstanding community service; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Patricia "Patti" Parker Cullen on her outstanding community service; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Kimble, Deacon Charlie; occasion of his 90th birthday; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Deacon Charlie Kimble on the occasion of his 90th birthday; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: McCain, Dr. Kelli; GAGE's Administrator of the Year; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Dr. Kelli McCain, GAGE's Administrator of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Reese, Zachary; Covenant Christian Academy's 2019 STAR Student; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Zachary Reese, Covenant Christian Academy's 2019 STAR Student; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Atlanta Chapter of National Epicureans, Inc.; grand occasion of its 40th anniversary; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Atlanta Chapter of National Epicureans, Inc., on the grand occasion of its 40th anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Nelson, Judge George Carey, III.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Judge George Carey Nelson III; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Allen, Luci; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Luci Allen; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Allmen, Taylor; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Taylor Allmen; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Brolly, Caroline; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Caroline Brolly; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Leekley, Amanda; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Amanda Leekley; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Rajendran, Nisha; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Nisha Rajendran; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ramesh, Shreya; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Shreya Ramesh; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: McCall, Representative Tom; winning the first ever Elbert County Chamber of Commerce's "Silver Plow Award"; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Representative Tom McCall on winning the first ever Elbert County Chamber of Commerce's "Silver Plow Award"; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Williamson, Rilla Biggs; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Rilla Biggs Williamson; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Zadernak, William Scott; dedication to the people of Dawson County through the Board of Education and Dawson County Schools; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of William Scott Zadernak for his dedication to the people of Dawson County through the Board of Education and Dawson County Schools; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Huff, Pearl; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Pearl Huff; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Triggs, Isabella; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Isabella Triggs; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Peace Officers Memorial Day at the state capitol; May 15, 2019; National Police Week 2019; commend; honoring the service & sacrifice of law enforcement officers killed in the line of duty protecting our communities & safeguarding our democracy; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing May 15, 2019, as Peace Officers Memorial Day at the state capitol, commending National Police Week 2019, and honoring the service and sacrifice of those law enforcement officers killed in the line of duty while protecting our communities and safeguarding our democracy; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Itua, Dr. Queen Blessing; work with Global Empowerment Movement (GEM); Georgia State Legislative Black Caucus & the Georgia Department of Economic Development recognize Dr. Queen Blessing Itua & the African Union Sixth Region USA Foundation; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Dr. Queen Blessing Itua for her work with Global Empowerment Movement (GEM) and recommending that the Georgia State Legislative Black Caucus and the Georgia Department of Economic Development recognize Dr. Queen Blessing Itua and the African Union Sixth Region USA Foundation; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Brown, Dr. Tim; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dr. Tim Brown; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: South Clayton Stealth, Inc.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending South Clayton Stealth, Inc.; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: 21st Annual American Society for Public Administration, Georgia Chapter Academic Conference; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the 21st Annual American Society for Public Administration, Georgia Chapter Academic Conference; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Stonewall Inn Movement; 50th anniversary; commemorate. Description: A RESOLUTION commemorating the 50th anniversary of the Stonewall Inn Movement; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Byers, Mrs. Jennie Dean; Mrs. Paula Dean Dorris; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Mrs. Jennie Dean Byers and Mrs. Paula Dean Dorris; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Entrepreneurship Day in Georgia; July 1, 2019; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing July 1, 2019, as Entrepreneurship Day in Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: CSRA Business League, Inc.; grand occasion of its 49th anniversary; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and celebrating the CSRA Business League, Inc., on the grand occasion of its 49th anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ayers, Margaret; 75 years of service at Northeast Georgia Bank; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Margaret Ayers for 75 years of service at Northeast Georgia Bank; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Garrard, Robert I.; contributions to the University of Georgia football program; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Robert I. Garrard for his contributions to the University of Georgia football program; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Winners of the Georgia Civil War Commission Art and Essay Contest; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the winners of the Georgia Civil War Commission Art and Essay Contest; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Toner, Emma; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Emma Toner; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Baker, Lauren; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Lauren Baker; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia's school bus drivers; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Georgia's school bus drivers; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Holliday, Marion; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Marion Holliday; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Watson, Paul Joseph; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Paul Joseph Watson of Rossville, Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Genocide Prevention and Awareness Month at the state capitol; April, 2019; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing April, 2019, as Genocide Prevention and Awareness Month at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bolden, Ms. Dorothy; Civil Rights Activist; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Civil Rights Activist Ms. Dorothy Bolden; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Pooler, City of; major contributions to economic growth in the State of Georgia; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and recognizing the City of Pooler, Georgia, for its major contributions to economic growth in the State of Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Isom, Stephan; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Stephan Isom; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Scott, Reverend Dr. Marlon D., Jr.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Reverend Dr. Marlon D. Scott, Jr.; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Foster Care and Adoption Day at the state capitol; May 30, 2019; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing May 30, 2019, as Foster Care and Adoption Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Fibroid Awareness Month at the state capitol; July, 2019; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the month of July, 2019, as Fibroid Awareness Month at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Immigrant Heritage Month; June, 2019; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing June, 2019, as Immigrant Heritage Month; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Asian-Pacific American Heritage Month; May, 2019; important time to celebrate the significant contributions of Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders to the history of the United States; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and honoring May, 2019, as Asian-Pacific American Heritage Month and as an important time to celebrate the significant contributions of Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders to the history of the United States; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Larisey, Dr. Walt; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and recognizing Dr. Walt Larisey; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: The Giving Kitchen in Georgia; contributions; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the contributions of The Giving Kitchen in Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Independent Bookstore Day at the state capitol; April 27, 2019; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the contributions of independent bookstores in Georgia and recognizing April 27, 2019, as Independent Bookstore Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: National Vietnam Veterans Day; commemorating the 50th; commending all Vietnam era and Vietnam War veterans and their families and the Vietnamese community in this state; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending all Vietnam era and Vietnam War veterans and their families and the Vietnamese community in this state and commemorating the 50th honoring the National Vietnam Veterans Day; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Tarpley, Ann; 2019 Political, Social, & Civil Engagement Award; submitted by Phenomenal Women "Soaring Beyond" of Henry County, Ga.; a Community Pillar by leveraging community engagement through access to information needed for development; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Ann Tarpley for receiving the Political, Social, and Civil Engagement Award for 2019, as submitted by Phenomenal Women "Soaring Beyond" of Henry County, Georgia; for being recognized as a Community Pillar by leveraging community engagement through access to information needed for community development; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Quinn, Tina; 2019 Humanitarian Award; submitted by Phenomenal Women "Soaring Beyond" of Henry County, Ga.; recognized as a Community Pillar through her imprint on and support of community, unity, growth, and development; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Tina Quinn for receiving the Humanitarian Award for 2019, as submitted by Phenomenal Women "Soaring Beyond" of Henry County, Georgia; for being recognized as a Community Pillar through her imprint on and support of community unity, growth, and development; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Veal, Judge Holly; 2019 Lady Justice - Justice for All Award; submitted by Phenomenal Women "Soaring Beyond" of Henry County, Ga.; a Community Pillar in balancing the scales of justice that support community unity, growth, and development; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Judge Holly Veal for receiving the Lady Justice - Justice for All Award for 2019, as submitted by Phenomenal Women "Soaring Beyond" of Henry County, Georgia; for being recognized as a Community Pillar in balancing the scales of justice that support community unity, growth, and development; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: McBride, Dr. Donna; 2019 Excellence in Education Award; submitted by Phenomenal Women "Soaring Beyond" of Henry County; a Community Pillar through ensuring equal access to quality education in support of community unity, growth, & development; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dr. Donna McBride for receiving the Excellence in Education Award for 2019, as submitted by Phenomenal Women "Soaring Beyond" of Henry County, Georgia; for being recognized as a Community Pillar through ensuring equal access to quality education in support of community unity, growth, and development; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Poulard, Dr. Elna; 2019 Trailblazer Award; submitted by Phenomenal Women "Soaring Beyond" of Henry County, Ga.; a Community Pillar in opening doors of opportunity & supporting community unity, growth, and development; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dr. Elna Poulard for receiving the Trailblazer Award for 2019, as submitted by Phenomenal Women "Soaring Beyond" of Henry County, Georgia; for being recognized as a Community Pillar in opening doors of opportunity and supporting community unity, growth, and development; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: "Of Origins and Belonging, Drawn from Atlanta" exhibit; High Museum in Atlanta; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the exhibit "Of Origins and Belonging, Drawn from Atlanta" at the High Museum in Atlanta; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Sanders, Ariana; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Ariana Sanders; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Brown, Shelby; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Shelby Brown; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Sanders, Alexis; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Alexis Sanders; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Veiga, Valerie; Cartersville High School's 2018-2019 STAR Teacher; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Valerie Veiga, Cartersville High School's 2018-2019 STAR Teacher; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Boone, Ethan; Cartersville High School's 2018-2019 STAR Student; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Ethan Boone, Cartersville High School's 2018-2019 STAR Student; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Sorrow, Mike and Debby; occasion of their retirement from Southwest Christian Care; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Mike and Debby Sorrow on the occasion of their retirement from Southwest Christian Care; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Collins, Bill and Faith; Heart of the Community Foundation's 2019 Board of Governors Award recipients; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Heart of the Community Foundation's 2019 Board of Governors Award recipients, Bill and Faith Collins; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: The Ball Corporation; Heart of the Community Foundation's 2019 Business Award recipient; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Heart of the Community Foundation's 2019 Business Award recipient, the Ball Corporation; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Beninato, Barbara; Heart of the Community Foundation's 2019 Award of Honor recipient; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Heart of the Community Foundation's 2019 Award of Honor recipient, Barbara Beninato; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Brock, Harry; Heart of the Community Foundation's 2019 Award of Honor recipient; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Heart of the Community Foundation's 2019 Award of Honor recipient, Harry Brock; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: King, Tannika; Heart of the Community Foundation's 2019 Award of Honor recipient; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Heart of the Community Foundation's 2019 Award of Honor recipient, Tannika King; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Knight, Nancy; Heart of the Community Foundation's 2019 Award of Honor recipient; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Heart of the Community Foundation's 2019 Award of Honor recipient, Nancy Knight; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Mauer, Jeff and Mary Margaret; Heart of the Community Foundation's 2019 Award of Honor recipients; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Heart of the Community Foundation's 2019 Award of Honor recipients, Jeff and Mary Margaret Mauer; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Webb, Mark; Heart of the Community Foundation's 2019 Award of Honor recipient; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Heart of the Community Foundation's 2019 Award of Honor recipient, Mark Webb; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: McClinic, Chantz; Heart of the Community Foundation's 2019 Young Heart Award recipient; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Heart of the Community Foundation's 2019 Young Heart Award recipient, Chantz McClinic; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Gordon, Robert "Flash"; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Robert "Flash" Gordon; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Walton, Christopher and Miriam Goodfriend; 2019 House Committee on Higher Education interns; exemplary service; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending 2019 House Committee on Higher Education interns Christopher Walton and Miriam Goodfriend for their exemplary service; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Birdsong, James C., Jr.; receiving the 2019 Albert Nelson Marquis Lifetime Achievement Award; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing James C. Birdsong, Jr., on receiving the 2019 Albert Nelson Marquis Lifetime Achievement Award; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Williams, Carolee; Rabun County GOP; many years of hard work and dedication to the people of Rabun County and the beautiful North Georgia mountains; honor. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the service of Carolee Williams, Rabun County GOP, for many years of hard work and dedication to the people of Rabun County and the beautiful North Georgia mountains; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: House convened; notify Senate. Description: A RESOLUTION to notify the Senate that the House of Representatives has convened; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Joint session; message from Governor. Description: A RESOLUTION calling a joint session of the House of Representatives and the Senate for the purpose of hearing a message from the Governor; inviting the Justices of the Supreme Court and the Judges of the Court of Appeals to be present at the joint session; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Adjournment; relative to. Description: A RESOLUTION relative to meetings and adjournments of the General Assembly; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Clayton State University; 50th anniversary; Clayton State University Day at the state capitol; January 14, 2020; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Clayton State University upon the grand occasion of its 50th anniversary and recognizing January 14, 2020, as Clayton State University Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Trump, President Donald; United States Armed Forces and intelligence agencies; successful military option that neutralized Qasem Soleimani; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending President Donald J. Trump and the brave men and women of the United States Armed Forces and intelligence agencies on their successful military operation that neutralized Qasem Soleimani; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Spivey-Roberts, Beatrice; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Beatrice Spivey-Roberts; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Boone, Richard; grand occasion of his 80th birthday; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Richard Boone upon the grand occasion of his 80th birthday; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: 9-1-1 and public safety telecommunicators; first responders in Georgia; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing 9-1-1 and public safety telecommunicators as first responders in Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Vonk, Karin and Erik; Richland Distilling Company; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Karin and Erik Vonk of Richland Distilling Company; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Easterseals Georgia and its Champions for Children Program Day at the state capitol; January 17, 2020; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Easterseals and recognizing January 17, 2020, as Easterseals Georgia and its Champions for Children Program Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hambrick, Edith Arnold; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Edith Arnold Hambrick; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Korean American Day in Georgia; cultural significance of the Hanbok; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing Korean American Day in Georgia and the cultural significance of the Hanbok; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lewis, Morris "Mo" Clyde, III; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Morris "Mo" Clyde Lewis III; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Demons, John Albert, Jr.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of John Albert Demons Jr.; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Gay, Elnora McKenzie; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Elnora McKenzie Gay; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Holston, Marcus; Clayton County Public Schools' 2019-2020 Support Professional of the Year-Classified; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Marcus Holston, Clayton County Public Schools' 2019-2020 Support Professional of the Year-Classified; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Blackwood, Kim; Clayton County Public Schools' 2019-2020 Support Professional of the Year-Classified; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Kim Blackwood, Clayton County Public Schools' 20192020 Support Professional of the Year-Classified; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Beekeepers Association; occasion of its 100th anniversary; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending the Georgia Beekeepers Association on the occasion of its 100th anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Savannah Children's Choir; designate as junior ambassadors from the State of Georgia to the People's Republic of China; invite. Description: A RESOLUTION inviting the Savannah Children's Choir to be designated as junior ambassadors from the State of Georgia to the People's Republic of China; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Macedonia Missionary Baptist Church; grand occasion of its 150th anniversary; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Macedonia Missionary Baptist Church on the grand occasion of its 150th anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Service Providers Association for Developmental Disabilities (SPADD) day at the capitol; January 16, 2020; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring and commending the individual member organizations and their staff. as members of Service Providers Association for Developmental Disabilities (SPADD) and celebrating their day at the Capitol on January 16, 2020; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Robie, William Thomas; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating William Thomas Robie; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Speech-Language Hearing Association Day at the state capitol; January 28, 2020; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing January 28, 2020, as Georgia Speech-Language-Hearing Association Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Talton, Sheriff Cullen; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Sheriff Cullen Talton; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dugger, Dr. Kimberly; Clayton County Public Schools' 2019-2020 Principal of the Year; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Dr. Kimberly Dugger, Clayton County Public Schools' 20192020 Principal of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: McCraw, Annette; Clayton County Public Schools' 2019-2020 Support Professional of the Year-Certified; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Annette McCraw, Clayton County Public Schools' 20192020 Support Professional of the Year-Certified; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Chaney, Dr. Shakeria; Clayton County Public Schools' 2019-2020 Support Leader of the Year-Certified; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Dr. Shakeria Chaney, Clayton County Public Schools' 20192020 Support Leader of the Year-Certified; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Long, CEO John; efforts in establishing the Georgia Radio Museum and Hall of Fame; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and recognizing CEO John Long for his efforts in establishing the Georgia Radio Museum and Hall of Fame; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hadley, Roy E., Jr.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Roy E. Hadley Jr.; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Turner, Almond; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Almond Turner; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bacon, Max; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Max Bacon; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Warren, Bessie Byrom; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Bessie Byrom Warren; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Echols, Leon; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Leon Echols; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Echols, Rachel C.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Rachel C. Echols; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bryant, Jasper, Jr.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Jasper Bryant Jr.; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Owens, Ralph M.; outstanding public service as mayor of Lavonia; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Ralph M. Owens on his outstanding public service as mayor of Lavonia; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Academy of Audiology Day at the state capitol; January 28, 2020; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Georgia Academy of Audiology and recognizing January 28, 2020, as Georgia Academy of Audiology Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Buckley, Matthew Charles; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Matthew Charles Buckley; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: University of Georgia 4-H Program Day at the state capitol; February 6, 2020; Arham Shah, Arch D. Smith, and the 2019-2020 4-H Leadership Team; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the University of Georgia 4-H Program and Arham Shah, Arch D. Smith, and the 2019-2020 4-H Leadership Team and recognizing February 6, 2020, as 4-H Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Family and Consumer Sciences; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Family and Consumer Sciences; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Fuller, Dr. Heike; achievements in promoting diplomatic relations between the State of Georgia, the Southeast region of the United States of America, and the Federal Republic of Germany; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing Dr. Heike Fuller for her achievements in promoting diplomatic relations between the State of Georgia, the Southeast region of the United States of America, and the Federal Republic of Germany; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Shaber, Zackary; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Zackary Shaber; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Robinson, Earl C.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Earl C. Robinson; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: International Holocaust Remembrance Day; January 27, 2020; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing January 27, 2020, as International Holocaust Remembrance Day; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jackson, Bishop Reginald; African Methodist Episcopal Church; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Bishop Reginald Jackson and the African Methodist Episcopal Church; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Commission on Freight and Logistics; create. Description: A RESOLUTION creating the Georgia Commission on Freight and Logistics; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jack and Jill of America, Inc.; Augusta Chapter; outstanding achievements; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Augusta Chapter of Jack and Jill of America, Inc., for its outstanding achievements; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Elam, Terry D.; grand occasion of his retirement; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Terry D. Elam upon the grand occasion of his retirement; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Twiggs Academy; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Twiggs Academy; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Habersham County Day at the state capitol; February 19, 2020; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Habersham County and recognizing February 19, 2020, as Habersham County Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, Inc.; Americus Alumnae Chapter; occasion of its 30th anniversary; Delta 107th Founders Day Observance; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Delta Sigma Theta Sorority Inc. Americus Alumnae Chapter upon the occasion of its 30th anniversary and the Delta 107th Founders Day Observance; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hagberg, Andrew; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Andrew Hagberg; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Orta, Daniel; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Daniel Orta; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Putman, David; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating David Putman; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Anziano, Vinnie; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Vinnie Anziano; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Persons, Robert; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Robert Persons; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Higdon, Kessler; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Kessler Higdon; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Office of the State of Georgia in Japan; 46th anniversary; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the long and steady friendship between Georgia and Japan as shown by the 46th anniversary of the Office of the State of Georgia in Japan; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Mallory, Sherry Thornton; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Sherry Thornton Mallory; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Wing, Kerensa; 30 years of service to Gwinnett County Public Schools; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Kerensa Wing on her 30 years of service to Gwinnett County Public Schools; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Baker, Lena; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Lena Baker; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Shepherd, James Harold, Jr.; cofounder and chairman of the Board of Directors of the Shepherd Center; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of James Harold Shepherd Jr., cofounder and chairman of the Board of Directors of the Shepherd Center; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Banks County High School's Lady Leopards; securing Class 2A state title; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Banks County High School's Lady Leopards for securing the Class 2A state title; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: State YMCA of Georgia; Center for Civic Engagement and "Y" Club programs which sponsor Youth Assembly and other programs that cultivate youth civic engagement; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the State YMCA of Georgia and its Center for Civic Engagement and "Y" Club programs which sponsor Youth Assembly among other programs that cultivate youth civic engagement; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Nicholl, Robert and Lynda; birth of their son; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating Robert and Lynda Nicholl on the birth of their son; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Tourism, Hospitality, and Arts Day at the state capitol; January 21, 2020; foster awareness and convey the value of these industries to our state; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing January 21, 2020, as Tourism, Hospitality, and Arts Day at the state capitol to foster awareness and convey the value of these industries to our state; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Korean American Day at the state capitol; January 28, 2020; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and honoring January 28, 2020, as Korean American Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ratliff, Reverend Dr. Joe Samuel; occasion of his 40th pastoral anniversary; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Reverend Dr. Joe Samuel Ratliff on the occasion of his 40th pastoral anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Clayton County Senior Services Department; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Clayton County Senior Services Department; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia House of Representatives; Georgia Economic Developers Association; efforts to improve the economic development climate of the State of Georgia; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Georgia House of Representatives and the Georgia Economic Developers Association on their efforts to improve the economic development climate of the State of Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cabrera, Dr. ngel; 12th president of Georgia Tech; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Dr. ngel Cabrera as the 12th president of Georgia Tech; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: House of Representatives; Ways & Means conference room; dedicate to Representative Alfred Jackson "Jay" Powell Jr.. Description: A RESOLUTION dedicating the Ways & Means conference room under the jurisdiction of the House of Representatives to Representative Alfred Jackson "Jay" Powell Jr.; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Local school district tax; authorize assessment of residential homesteaded property owned by individuals of certain ages at 20 percent of its fair market value; authorize General Assembly - CA. Description: A RESOLUTION proposing an amendment to the Constitution so as to authorize the General Assembly to provide by general law for local referenda to authorize assessment of residential homesteaded property owned by individuals of certain ages at 20 percent of its fair market value regarding local school district taxes for educational purposes; to provide for the repeal of such assessments; to provide for the submission of this amendment for ratification or rejection; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Sickle Cell Day in Georgia; January 29, 2020; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing January 29, 2020, as Sickle Cell Day in Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: American Automobile Association (AAA) School Safety Patrol Program; 100th anniversary; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending the American Automobile Association (AAA) School Safety Patrol Program on its 100th anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ripans, Allan Frank; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Allan Frank Ripans; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: 48th annual Firefighters Recognition Day at the capitol; February 4, 2020; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring and commending the firefighters of Georgia and recognizing February 4, 2020, as the 48th annual Firefighters Recognition Day at the capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Early, Mary Frances; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Mary Frances Early; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Chambers, Wicke; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Wicke Chambers; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Equine Youth Day at the state capitol; February 4, 2020; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 4, 2020, as Equine Youth Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: McIntosh High School competition cheerleaders; winning the 2019 GHSA 5A State Cheerleading Championship; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the McIntosh High School competition cheerleaders for winning the 2019 GHSA 5A State Cheerleading Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Gay, R. Derril, PhD; years of distinguished service to the citizens of Georgia; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending R. Derril Gay, PhD, for his years of distinguished service to the citizens of Georgia and the public safety net system and for his service as a public policy advisor to the Georgia Association of Community Service Boards Inc.; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: X and Y Chromosome Variations Awareness Day at the state capitol; February 4, 2020; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 4, 2020, as X and Y Chromosome Variations Awareness Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hill, Graham Hodges; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Graham Hodges Hill; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Daniels, Christopher Nate; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Christopher Nate Daniels; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Brittain, James Talmadge; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating James Talmadge Brittain; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Roussel, Hudson Paul; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Hudson Paul Roussel; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Wright, G. Bryant, Jr.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing G. Bryant Wright Jr.; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cooper, Tori; outstanding contributions as an advocate for marginalized people and their health; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Tori Cooper for her outstanding contributions as an advocate for marginalized people and their health; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: College Park Day at the state capitol; February 6, 2020; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 6, 2020, as College Park Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Celebrate Diversity Month; April 2020; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing April 2020 as Celebrate Diversity Month; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Chattahoochee/Marion Forestry Unit; Ga. Forestry Commission 2019 North Ga. Unit of Year; Baker/Mitchell Forestry Unit; 2019 South Ga. Unit of Year; Area 4; 2019 Forest Protection Area of Year; Region 2; 2019 Forest Mgmt. Region of Year; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Chattahoochee/Marion Forestry Unit on being named the Georgia Forestry Commission 2019 North Georgia Unit of the Year, the Baker/Mitchell Forestry Unit on being named the 2019 South Georgia Unit of the Year, Area 4 on being named the 2019 Forest Protection Area of the Year, and Region 2 on being named the 2019 Forest Management Region of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Smith, Remington; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Remington Smith; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Edwards, Lieutenant Darren; outstanding public service as a firefighter for Carroll County Fire Rescue for 23 years; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Lieutenant Darren Edwards on his outstanding public service as a firefighter for Carroll County Fire Rescue for 23 years; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hodges, Mary Wilhelmina; Miss Georgia's Outstanding Teen; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Mary Wilhelmina Hodges, Miss Georgia's Oustanding Teen; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Casella, Dr. Ben; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Dr. Ben Casella; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Yoruba Day at the state capitol; February 6, 2020; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Yoruba Tribe and recognizing February 6, 2020, as Yoruba Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: St. Joseph's/Candler Health System's African-American Health Information and Resource Center; completion of two decades of continuous service to the citizens of Savannah and surrounding areas; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and congratulating St. Joseph's/Candler Health System's African-American Health Information and Resource Center on its completion of two decades of continuous service to the citizens of Savannah and surrounding areas; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Spirit of Sharing Inc.; contributions to Barrow County; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Spirit of Sharing Inc. for its contributions to Barrow County; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: University System of Georgia Outstanding Scholars; Academic Recognition Day for 2020; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the University System of Georgia Outstanding Scholars on Academic Recognition Day for 2020; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Williamson, Heather; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Heather Williamson; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Crane, Simmone; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Simmone Crane; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Argueta, Leyner; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Leyner Argueta; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Addiction Recovery Awareness Day in Georgia; January 28, 2020; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing January 28, 2020, as Addiction Recovery Awareness Day in Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Future Farmers of America Day at the state capitol; February 18, 2020; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Georgia Future Farmers of America Association and recognizing February 18, 2020, as Future Farmers of America Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Columbia County's River Ridge Elementary School's River Ridge 3 Theater Team; ILM Academy's ILMSmarts Middle School Visual Arts Team; grand prize winners of the Augusta University 2019 STEAMIFY Competition; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Columbia County's River Ridge Elementary School's River Ridge 3 Theater Team and ILM Academy's ILMSmarts Middle School Visual Arts Team as grand prize winners of the Augusta University 2019 STEAMIFY Competition; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: National School Counseling Week; February 3-7, 2020; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the week of February 3-7, 2020, as National School Counseling Week; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Raiford, Cassandra Elizabeth "Casey"; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Cassandra Elizabeth "Casey" Raiford; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Mize, Deputy Sheriff Roger Kenneth; grand occasion of his retirement; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Deputy Sheriff Roger Kenneth Mize upon the grand occasion of his retirement; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Mason, Bill, Sr.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Bill Mason Sr.; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Arp, Mary Nabeha Jabaley; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Mary Nabeha Jabaley Arp; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Stovall, Christine Davis; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Christine Davis Stovall; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bunch, Annetta Burgher; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Annetta Burgher Bunch; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Milam, Jacqueline; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Jacqueline Milam; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Henry, Oscar C.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Oscar C. Henry; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Rucker, Travis; Assistant Chief Community Supervision Officer; named the Department of Community Supervision's 2019 Officer of the Year; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Assistant Chief Community Supervision Officer Travis Rucker on being named the Department of Community Supervision's 2019 Officer of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Weaver, John W.; grand occasion of his retirement; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending John W. Weaver upon the grand occasion of his retirement; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lunar New Year Celebration; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the Lunar New Year Celebration; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Isakson, Johnny; United States Senator; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending United States Senator Johnny Isakson; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: League of Women Voters of Georgia; occasion of its 100th anniversary; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the League of Women Voters of Georgia on the occasion of its 100th anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: University of Georgia Chapter of Blue Key National Honor Society; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the University of Georgia Chapter of Blue Key National Honor Society; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Clark Atlanta University Day at the state capitol; February 18, 2020; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Clark Atlanta University and recognizing February 18, 2020, as Clark Atlanta University Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: "Community Health Centers Day"; February 4, 2020; Georgia Primary Care Association; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 4, 2020, as "Community Health Centers Day" and commending the Georgia Primary Care Association; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dyslexia Day at the state capitol; February 11, 2020; urging schools, local educational agencies, and the state educational agency to address the profound educational impact of dyslexia; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 11, 2020, as Dyslexia Day at the state capitol and urging schools, local educational agencies, and the state educational agency to address the profound educational impact of dyslexia; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Leadership Putman Class of 2020; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Leadership Putnam Class of 2020; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: The Dr. Mac Bowman Horizon Foundation; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending The Dr. Mac Bowman Horizon Foundation; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Together Georgia Day at the state capitol; January 29, 2020; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Together Georgia and recognizing January 29, 2020, as Together Georgia Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Wilbanks, J. Alvin; CEO and superintendent of Gwinnett County Public Schools; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending J. Alvin Wilbanks, CEO and superintendent of Gwinnett County Public Schools; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Chapman, Korie; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Korie Chapman; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Congenital Heart Defect Awareness Week at the state capitol; February 7-14, 2020; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 7-14, 2020, as Congenital Heart Defect Awareness Week at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Gordon, Saralyn V.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Saralyn V. Gordon; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bivins, Willis; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Willis Bivins; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Judiciary; people may petition for declaratory relief from certain acts of this state or certain local governments or officers or employees; provide - CA. Description: A RESOLUTION proposing an amendment to the Constitution so as to provide that the people of this state may petition the judiciary for declaratory relief from certain acts of this state or certain local governments or officers or employees thereof that violate the laws or Constitution of this state or the Constitution of the United States; to provide for related matters; to provide for the submission of this amendment for ratification or rejection; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: City of College Park Day at the state capitol; February 6, 2020; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the City of College Park and recognizing February 6, 2020, as College Park Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Carswell, Bishop Quincy Lavelle; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Bishop Quincy Lavelle Carswell; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jewish Genetic Screening Awareness Week in Georgia; week of February 3rd; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the week of February 3rd as Jewish Genetic Screening Awareness Week in Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Benham, Robert; Georgia Supreme Court Justice; grand occasion of his retirement; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Georgia Supreme Court Justice Robert Benham upon the grand occasion of his retirement; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Celebrate Diversity Month; April 2020; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing April 2020 as Celebrate Diversity Month; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: International Women of H.O.P.E.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending International Women of H.O.P.E.; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Habitat for Humanity; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Habitat for Humanity; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hebron Christian Academy's volleyball team; winning the 2019-2020 GHSA Class A/AA Private State Volleyball Championship; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating Hebron Christian Academy's volleyball team for winning the 2019-2020 GHSA Class A/AA Private State Volleyball Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dacula High School Lady Falcons soccer team; winning the 2019 6A State Championship; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Dacula High School Lady Falcons soccer team for winning the 2019 6A State Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Keep Georgia Beautiful Foundation and the more than 70 local Keep America Beautiful affiliates across the state who educate and inspire Georgians to take action every day to improve and beautify their community environments; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commemorating the Keep Georgia Beautiful Foundation and the more than 70 local Keep America Beautiful affiliates across the state who educate and inspire Georgians to take action every day to improve and beautify their community environments; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Metts, Dr. James C., Jr.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Dr. James C. Metts Jr.; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia High School Fencing League and its member teams; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Georgia High School Fencing League and its member teams; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Gardiner, Kenneth Eric; compensate. Description: A RESOLUTION compensating Kenneth Eric Gardiner; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Lucci, Dominic Brian; compensate. Description: A RESOLUTION compensating Dominic Brian Lucci; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Jones, Mark Jason; compensate. Description: A RESOLUTION compensating Mark Jason Jones; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Shepherd, James Harold, Jr.; cofounder and chairman of the Board of Directors of the Shepherd Center; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of James Harold Shepherd Jr., cofounder and chairman of the Board of Directors of the Shepherd Center; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Chambers, Mayor Rebecca "Becky"; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Mayor Rebecca "Becky" Chambers; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Alford, Dawn; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Dawn Alford; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: University of Georgia, Augusta University, Georgia Institute of Technology, and Georgia State University; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the University of Georgia, Augusta University, the Georgia Institute of Technology, and Georgia State University for their contributions to higher education; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Obesity Care Awareness Day in Georgia; February 4, 2020; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 4, 2020, as Obesity Care Awareness Day in Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lights of Love event at Children's Healthcare of Atlanta; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Lights of Love event at Children's Healthcare of Atlanta; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority Inc. Day at the state capitol; February 10, 2020; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 10, 2020, as the Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority Inc. Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Hearing Day at the state capitol; March 16, 2020; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 16, 2020, as Georgia Hearing Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hemophilia of Georgia Day at the state capitol; February 18, 2020; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 18, 2020, as Hemophilia of Georgia Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Alzheimer's Awareness Day in Georgia; February 10, 2020; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 10, 2020, as Alzheimer's Awareness Day in Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Pendley, Tracey Nance; 2020 Teacher of the Year Award; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Tracey Nance Pendley for earning the prestigious 2020 Georgia Teacher of the Year Award; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Albany-Dougherty County Day at the state capitol; February 12, 2020; Albany Area Chamber of Commerce; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 12, 2020, as Albany-Dougherty County Day at the state capitol, and commending the Albany Area Chamber of Commerce; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Taylor-Crawford, Marlene; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Marlene Taylor-Crawford; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia National Fairgrounds and Agricenter; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Georgia National Fairgrounds and Agricenter; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Life Sciences Day at the state capitol; February 25, 2020; Georgia Bio; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 25, 2020, as Georgia Life Sciences Day at the state capitol and commending Georgia Bio; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Taiwan; relations with the United States; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Taiwan for its relations with the United States; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: NAACP Day at the state capitol; February 11, 2020; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 11, 2020, as NAACP Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ing-wen, Dr. Tsai; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Dr. Tsai Ing-wen upon her election as the 15th President of Taiwan; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Rural Health Association; commend; Rural Health Day at the state capitol; February 26, 2020; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Georgia Rural Health Association and recognizing February 26, 2020, as Rural Health Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Johnson, Gwendolyn Robinson; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Gwendolyn Robinson Johnson; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dublin Fighting Irish; winning the 2019-2020 GHSA Class AA State Football Championship; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Dublin Fighting Irish for winning the 2019-2020 GHSA Class AA State Football Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Kennesaw State University Black Alumni Society; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Kennesaw State University Black Alumni Society; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: White, Sam X; Southern Sky Center for Diverse Arts and Culture and its Village Community Garden; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Sam X White, the Southern Sky Center for Diverse Arts and Culture and its Village Community Garden of Sylvester, Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Causey, Harvey Lavoyd, Jr.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Harvey Lavoyd Causey Jr.; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Voyage of the Mayflower; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commemorating the voyage of the Mayflower to this great nation; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jarrett, McArthur; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending McArthur Jarrett; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: National Wear Red Day; February 7, 2020; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 7, 2020, as National Wear Red Day in recognition of the importance of the ongoing fight against heart disease and stroke in women; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Holbeck, Colonel Amy; commander of the 116th Wing, Robins Air Force Base, Georgia; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Colonel Amy Holbeck, commander of the 116th Air Control Wing, Robins Air Force Base, Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia's Career Technical, and Agricultural Education program and educators; commend; CTSO Day at the state capitol; February 13, 2020; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Georgia's nationally recognized Career, Technical, and Agricultural Education program and the educators whose expertise prepares Georgia students for college and the work force and recognizing February 13, 2020, as CTSO Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Pre-K Week at the state capitol; October 5-9, 2020; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing October 5-9, 2020, as Georgia Pre-K Week at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Advanced Placement Day at the state capitol; February 5, 2020; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 5, 2020, as Advanced Placement Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: McAlexander, Dr. Dan; grand occasion of his retirement; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and congratulating Dr. Dan McAlexander upon the grand occasion of his retirement; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Rozier, Pastor Cecil J., Sr.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Pastor Cecil J. Rozier Sr.; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hanna, Diane M.; commend; Female Veteran's Day at the state capitol; February 19, 2020; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Diane M. Hanna for her service in the armed forces and recognizing February 19, 2020, as Female Veteran's Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Mill Creek High School cheerleading team; winning the 2019 GHSA Class AAAAAAA State Cheering Championship; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Mill Creek High School cheerleading team for winning the 2019 GHSA Class AAAAAAA State Cheerleading Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Higgins, Audrey; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Audrey Higgins; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Refugee community in Georgia; efforts and contributions; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the efforts and contributions of the refugee community in Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Earley/Jenkins, Jourline Louise; commend; Female Veteran's Day at the state capitol; February 19, 2020; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Jourline Louise Earley/Jenkins for her service in the armed forces and recognizing February 19, 2020, as Female Veteran's Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Crawford, Bonita E.; commend; Female Veteran's Day at the state capitol; February 19, 2020; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Bonita E. Crawford for her service in the armed forces and recognizing February 19, 2020, as Female Veteran's Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Harris, Kathaleen Frances; commend; Female Veteran's Day at the state capitol; February 19, 2020; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Kathaleen Frances Harris for her service in the armed forces and recognizing February 19, 2020, as Female Veteran's Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Association of Black Women Attorneys; Georgia Association for Women Lawyers Legislative Day, "Maternal Mortality in Georgia: An Epidemic for Black Women," February 6, 2020; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the Georgia Association of Black Women Attorneys and the Georgia Association for Women Lawyers Legislative Day, "Maternal Mortality in Georgia: An Epidemic for Black Women," on February 6, 2020; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ware, Carl; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Carl Ware; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Scott, Dr. Julius S., Jr.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Dr. Julius S. Scott Jr.; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Chester, Nicholas D., Sr.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Nicholas D. Chester Sr. on his outstanding public service; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: McFarlin, Coach Tim; 2019 Class 4A Coach of the Year; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Coach Tim McFarlin, the 2019 Class 4A Coach of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Blessed Trinity Catholic High School Titans; winning the 2019 Class 4A GHSA State Football Championship; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Blessed Trinity Catholic High School Titans for winning the 2019 Class 4A GHSA State Football Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Three Georgia women physicians; election to the highest leadership positions in prestigious national medical associations; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and honoring three Georgia women physicians for their election to the highest leadership positions in prestigious national medical associations; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: National Coalition of 100 Black Women; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the National Coalition of 100 Black Women; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Columbus Day at the state capitol; February 18, 2020; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 18, 2020, as Columbus Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ray, Rebecca; member of the 2020 Class of Extraordinary Educators; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Rebecca Ray, a member of the 2020 Class of Extraordinary Educators; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Property; granting of non-exclusive easements; authorize. Description: A RESOLUTION authorizing the granting of nonexclusive easements for the construction, installation, operation, and maintenance of facilities, utilities, and ingresses and egresses in, on, over, under, upon, across, or through property owned by the State of Georgia in Barrow, Calhoun, Chatham, Cherokee, Clayton, Cobb, Crisp, Dougherty, Douglas, McIntosh, Muscogee, Paulding, Polk, and Richmond Counties; to provide for related matters; to provide for an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ross, Laura; American School Counselor Association's 2020 School Counselor of the Year; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Laura Ross, the American School Counselor Association's 2020 School Counselor of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Emergency Medical Services Recognition Day at the state capitol; February 18, 2020; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 18, 2020, as Emergency Medical Services Recognition Day at the state capitol and commending the emergency medical services professionals of Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Gordon Lee High School cheerleading team; winning the 2019-2020 Class A Public State Cheerleading Championship; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Gordon Lee High School cheerleading team for winning the 2019-2020 Class A Public State Cheerleading Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Doyle, Judge Sarah; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Judge Sarah Doyle; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Gordon Lee High School softball team; winning the 2019 Class A Georgia High School Association Fast Pitch State Championship; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Gordon Lee High School softball team for winning the 2019 Class A Georgia High School Association Fast Pitch State Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bleckley County High School girls tennis team; winning the 2019 Class AA State Tennis Championship; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION Congratulating the Bleckley County High School girls tennis team for winning the 2019 Class AA State Tennis Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bleckley County High School girls cross country team; winning the 2019 Class AA State Cross Country Championship; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Bleckley County High School girls cross country team for winning the 2019 Class AA State Cross Country Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Strickland, Anne Elizabeth Robinson; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Anne Elizabeth Robinson Strickland; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Crider, Wesley; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Wesley Crider; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ringgold High School softball team; winning the 2019 Class AAA Georgia High School Association Fast Pitch State Championship; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION Commending the Ringgold High School softball team for winning the 2019 Class AAA Georgia High School Association Fast Pitch State Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Heritage High School softball team; winning the 2019 Class 4A Georgia High School Association Fast Pitch State Championship; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Heritage High School softball team for winning the 2019 Class 4A Georgia High School Association Fast Pitch State Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Barnes, Mr. Jerry "Pops"; Distinguished Older Georgian for 2020; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Mr. Jerry "Pops" Barnes as the Distinguished Older Georgian for 2020; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Meriweather County Day at the state capitol; February 27, 2020; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 27, 2020, as Meriwether County Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Meyer, Chief Jeff; grand occasion of his retirement; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Chief Jeff Meyer upon the grand occasion of his retirement; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia's retirees and State Retirees Association; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Georgia's retirees and the Georgia State Retirees Association; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lupus Advocacy Day at the state capitol; February 20, 2020; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 20, 2020, as Lupus Advocacy Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hunt, Barbara Pace; Myra Payne Elliott; Iris Mae Welch; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Barbara Pace Hunt, Myra Payne Elliott, and Iris Mae Welch; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Stop Tax On Menstrual Products Day at the state capitol; February 19, 2020; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 19, 2020, as Georgia Stop Tax On Menstrual Products Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Girl Scout Day at the state capitol; February 25, 2020; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 25, 2020, as Girl Scout Day at the state capitol and commending Girl Scouts as a national leader in providing the best leadership development experience in the world to American girls; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: King, Mary Jane; receiving the Ceola Alexander Community Award; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Mary Jane King for receiving the Ceola Alexander Community Award; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hart County High School Technology Student Association video game design team; winning the 2019 National Technology Student Association Championship; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Hart County High School Technology Student Association video game design team for winning the 2019 National Technology Student Association Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Yoruba Day at the state capitol; February 27, 2020; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Yoruba Tribe and recognizing February 27, 2020, as Yoruba Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hyde, John Thomas "J.T."; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of John Thomas "J.T." Hyde; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jones, Reverend Frank Edward "Butch"; outstanding contributions as a pastor; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Reverend Frank Edward "Butch" Jones on his outstanding contributions as a pastor; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Thomas Jefferson Academy football team; 2019 GISA Football State Champions; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Thomas Jefferson Academy football team on becoming the 2019 GISA Football State Champions; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Sentinel Landscape Partnership; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Georgia Sentinel Landscape Partnership; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: American Foundation for Suicide Prevention Georgia Suicide Prevention Day; February 21, 2020; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 21, 2020, as American Foundation for Suicide Prevention Georgia Suicide Prevention Day and commending the Georgia chapter of the American Foundation for Suicide Prevention; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Clark, Spurgeon William, III, MD; outstanding service as an ophthalmologist; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Spurgeon William Clark III, MD, on his outstanding service as an ophthalmologist; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Scouts BSA Day at the state capitol; March 17, 2020; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Scouts of America and recognizing March 17, 2020, as Scouts BSA Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Employees' Retirement System of Georgia; grand occasion of its 70th anniversary; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Employees' Retirement System of Georgia on the grand occasion of its 70th anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Carroll County Chamber of Commerce; 65th anniversary; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Carroll County Chamber of Commerce on the occasion of its 65th anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Valdosta State University Day at the state capitol; February 12, 2020; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending student leaders at Valdosta State University and recognizing February 12, 2020, as Valdosta State University Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Mehta, Dipen; 2020 Prudential Spirit of Community Award; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Dipen Mehta upon receiving a 2020 Prudential Spirit of Community Award; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Freeman, James W.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending James W. Freeman; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: State School Superintendent's Teacher Advisory Council; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the State School Superintendent's Teacher Advisory Council; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Whitlock, Pearl; grand occasion of her 50th anniversary as an educator; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Pearl Whitlock upon the grand occasion of her 50th anniversary as an educator; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: GFWC Lilburn Woman's Club; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the GFWC Lilburn Woman's Club for its outstanding contributions to the City of Lilburn, the surrounding community, and the State of Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Taylor, Dr. S. Craig; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Dr. S. Craig Taylor, of Monroe, Georgia, for his professional and community achievements, his dedication to his family, his practice of dentistry, and his advocacy efforts in protecting the patients of this state; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Headd, Reverend Avery; 25 years of service; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Reverend Avery Headd for his 25 years of service; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Colvin-Leary, Judge Ronda; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Judge Ronda Colvin-Leary; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Rodgers, Dr. Angela Faye; East Clayton Elementary School's 2019-2020 Teacher of the Year; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Dr. Angela Faye Rodgers, East Clayton Elementary School's 2019-2020 Teacher of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Fantroy, Celanese; Jewell C. Anderson Elementary School's 2019-2020 Teacher of the Year; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Celanese Fantroy, Jewell C. Anderson Elementary School's 2019-2020 Teacher of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Eltayeb, Nagi; Rex Mill Middle Stem School's 2019-2020 Teacher of the Year; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Nagi Eltayeb, Rex Mill Middle Stem School's 20192020 Teacher of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Crawford, Peggy Brown; 2020 Nikki Randall Phenomenal Woman Award; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Peggy Brown Crawford for being a recipient of the District 76 2020 Nikki Randall Phenomenal Woman Award; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Female Veteran's Day at the state capitol; February 19, 2020; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Camilla L. Lowe for her service in the United States armed forces and recognizing February 19, 2020, as Female Veteran's Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Williams, Vivian "Vinnie" Marie; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Vivian "Vinnie" Marie Williams and commending her for her years of leadership and service at the Oconee Enterprise; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Shepherd, Anne; Lifetime Achievement Award from Athens Downtown Development Authority; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating Anne Shepherd for receiving the Lifetime Achievement Award from the Athens Downtown Development Authority and commending her for years of active involvement in the Athens community; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Leadership Cobb and the Leadership Cobb Class of 2020; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Leadership Cobb and the Leadership Cobb Class of 2020; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Kreeger, Senior Judge George H.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Senior Judge George H. Kreeger; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Girls Empowerment Day at the state capitol; February 19, 2020; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 19, 2020, as Girls Empowerment Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Watts, Lucius, Jr.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Lucius Watts Jr.; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: National Guard Day at the state capitol; March 25, 2020; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 25, 2020, as National Guard Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Yeager, Thomas Edward, IV; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Thomas Edward Yeager IV; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Orr, George Thomas; deputy chief officer of the Forest Park Police Department; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending George Thomas Orr on his outstanding public service as the deputy chief officer of the Forest Park Police Department; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Rhodes, Richard; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Richard Rhodes; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Holmes, Talia; Sweet Joy Ice Cream Bar; 2019 (ACE) Women's Business Center Client of the Year; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Talia Holmes, owner of Sweet Joy Ice Cream Bar, upon being honored as the 2019 Access to Capital for Entrepreneurs (ACE) Women's Business Center Client of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Rivers, Robert "Robby" E., Jr.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Robert "Robby" E. Rivers Jr.; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Alpha Gamma Rho Day at the state capitol; February 21, 2020; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing Wednesday, February 21, 2020, as Alpha Gamma Rho Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Holbeck, Colonel Amy; 116th Air Control Wing, Robins Air Force Base; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Colonel Amy Holbeck, commander of the 116th Air Control Wing, Robins Air Force Base, Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Academy for Classical Education girls cross country team; 2019-2020 Class 1A Public State Cross Country Championship; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Academy for Classical Education girls cross country team for winning the 2019-2020 Class 1A Public State Cross Country Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cagle, Logan; Cartersville High School's 2020 STAR Student; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Logan Cagle, Cartersville High School's 2020 STAR Student; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Surrett, Mindy; Cartersville High School's 2020 STAR Teacher; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Mindy Surrett, Cartersville High School's 2020 STAR Teacher; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: King, Dr. Jacob T.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Dr. Jacob T. King; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Justice Robert Benham Bridge; Bartow County; dedicate. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing Georgia Supreme Court Justice Robert Benham and dedicating a bridge in his honor; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Property; conveyance of certain state owned real property; authorize. Description: A RESOLUTION authorizing the conveyance of certain state owned real property located in Glynn County; authorizing the lease of certain state owned real property located in Gordon County; authorizing the conveyance of certain state owned real property located in Muscogee County; authorizing the conveyance and lease of certain state owned real property located in Paulding County; authorizing the conveyance of certain state owned real property located in Rabun County; authorizing the conveyance of certain state owned real property located in Terrell County; to provide for related matters; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Joint session; message from Chief Justice of the Supreme Court. Description: A RESOLUTION calling a joint session of the House of Representatives and the Senate for the purpose of hearing a message from the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court; inviting each other Justice of the Supreme Court and each Judge of the Court of Appeals to be present at the joint session; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: World Hearing Day at the state capitol; March 3, 2020; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 3, 2020, as World Hearing Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Veach, Sandy; outstanding service as a paraprofessional caregiver; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Sandy Veach on her outstanding service as a paraprofessional caregiver; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lawrence, Mason; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Mason Lawrence; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Marietta High School Blue Devils; winning the 2019 GHSA Class 7A State Football Championship; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Marietta High School Blue Devils for winning the 2019 GHSA Class 7A State Football Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Williams, Mildred; 90th birthday; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and congratulating Mildred Williams on the remarkable occasion of her 90th birthday; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Thurson, Tony; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Tony Thurson; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: R.L. Cousins High School and Hutcheson High School; first African American schools in Douglas County; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending R.L. Cousins High School and Hutcheson High School as the first African American schools in Douglas County; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Alpha Phi Alpha Day at the state capitol; February 20, 2020; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 20, 2020, as Alpha Phi Alpha Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Gwinnett County Bar Association Legislative Day at the state capitol; March 10, 2020; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Gwinnett County Bar Association and recognizing March 10, 2020, as Gwinnett County Bar Association Legislative Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Post, Raymond "Rick" Arza, II; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Raymond "Rick" Arza Post II; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Daniels, Asa Charles, Jr.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Asa Charles Daniels Jr.; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Fort Valley State University Day at the state capitol; February 25, 2020; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 25, 2020, as Fort Valley State University Day at the state capitol in recognition of the university's 125th anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Wright, Megan; Miss Cobb County's Outstanding Teen 2020; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating Miss Cobb County's Outstanding Teen 2020, Megan Wright, and commending her for her work as a community service leader and role model; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Haynes, Holly; Miss Cobb County 2020; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating Miss Cobb County 2020, Holly Haynes, and commending her for her work as a community service leader and role model; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: PFLAG Johns Creek; role in uniting families and supporting children throughout the metro Atlanta region; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending PFLAG Johns Creek for its role in uniting families and supporting children throughout the metro Atlanta region; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: State Restaurant Day at the state capitol; February 19, 2020; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 19, 2020, as State Restaurant Day at the state capitol and commending the restaurant industry of Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Herrera, Samantha Ramirez; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Samantha Ramirez Herrera; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Vietnamese-American Community Day at the state capitol; March 12, 2020; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Vietnamese-American Community of Georgia and recognizing March 12, 2020, as Vietnamese-American Community Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: LifeLink Foundation; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending LifeLink Foundation; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Marietta's New Theater in the Square; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Marietta's New Theater in the Square; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hispanic Organization Promoting Education; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Hispanic Organization Promoting Education; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cambron, Yehimi; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Yehimi Cambron; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Studio & Infrastructure Alliance; representative for the tens of thousands of hard-working citizens in the State of Georgia's film and television industry; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Georgia Studio & Infrastructure Alliance as a representative for the tens of thousands of hard-working citizens in the State of Georgia's film and television industry; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Vidalia High School competition cheerleaders; 2019 GHSA 2A State Championship; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Vidalia High School competition cheerleaders for winning the 2019 GHSA 2A State Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Atlanta Jewish Film Festival; commend; 20th anniversary; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Atlanta Jewish Film Festival and recognizing its 20th anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Smith, Sam; 2019 GHSA Class AAAAA State Track and Field Championship; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Sam Smith on winning the 2019 GHSA Class AAAAA State Track and Field Championship in the 300 meter hurdle event; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: King, Fred Edward; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Fred Edward King; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Sigma Gamma Rho Sorority Inc.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Sigma Gamma Rho Sorority Inc.; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Powell, Bishop Victor L.; 30th pastoral anniversary; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Bishop Victor L. Powell on the occasion of his 30th pastoral anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Alvin Ailey American Dance Theater; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Alvin Ailey American Dance Theater; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: McBrayer, Ed; service at Path Foundation; DeKalb County Master Trail Plan; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring Ed McBrayer for his 29 years of service at the Path Foundation and celebrating the 20 year anniversary of the DeKalb County Master Trail Plan; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lee, Meik; Nikki T. Randall Servant Leadership Award 2020; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Meik Lee for receiving the Nikki T. Randall Servant Leadership Award 2020; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Automatic Merchandising Council Day at the state capitol; February 5, 2020; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 5, 2020, as Georgia Automatic Merchandising Council Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hartsfield, Mattie Louise Middlebrooks; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Mattie Louise Middlebrooks Hartsfield; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Johnson, Gwendolyn Robinson; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Gwendolyn Robinson Johnson; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: McMillan, Olivia; Miss Warner Robins 2020; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Olivia McMillan, Miss Warner Robins 2020; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Tanner, Kaitlyn; Miss International City Outstanding Teen 2020; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Kaitlyn Tanner, Miss International City Outstanding Teen 2020; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Heide, Remelie; Miss Warner Robins Outstanding Teen 2020; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Remelie Heide, Miss Warner Robins Outstanding Teen 2020; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Gibbins, Homer; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Homer Gibbins; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Old Zion Heritage Museum; Reverend Eric Beckham; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Old Zion Heritage Museum and Reverend Eric Beckham; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Zion Baptist Church; Old Zion Heritage Museum; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing Zion Baptist Church as memorialized in the Old Zion Heritage Museum; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Thomas, Adrienne; Austin Road Middle School's 2019-2020 Teacher of the Year; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Adrienne Thomas, Austin Road Middle School's 2019-2020 Teacher of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Howard, Robin; Fairview Elementary School's 2019-2020 Teacher of the Year; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Robin Howard, Fairview Elementary School's 2019-2020 Teacher of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Junior League of Atlanta Day at the state capitol; February 25, 2020; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Junior League of Atlanta, Inc. for serving as a catalyst for community change in Atlanta and recognizing February 25, 2020, as Junior League of Atlanta Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Rapp Way; City of Savannah; rededicate. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing Ms. Betty Ann DiPietro Rapp and rededicating a road on Georgia Ports Authority property in her honor; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hanna, Dr. Wayne; Dr. Brian Schwartz; University of Georgia; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the success of TifTuf bermudagrass and the work of Dr. Wayne Hanna, Dr. Brian Schwartz, and the University of Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Gatewood clay target shooting team; winning the 2019 GISA State Clay Target Shooting Championship; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Gatewood clay target shooting team for winning the 2019 GISA State Clay Target Shooting Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Association of Community Service Boards Day at the state capitol; March 12, 2020; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Georgia's community service boards and recognizing March 12, 2020, as the Georgia Association of Community Service Boards Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Delta Sigma Theta Sorority Inc.; commend; Delta Day at the state capitol; March 2, 2020; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Delta Sigma Theta Sorority Inc. for its 107 years of service and recognizing March 2, 2020, as Delta Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Atlanta Business League; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Atlanta Business League; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Peterson, Reverend Calvin; Disabled In Action Inc.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Reverend Calvin Peterson and Disabled In Action Inc.; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: African American Gun Association Second Amendment Day at the state capitol; February 22, 2020; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 22, 2020, as African American Gun Association Second Amendment Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Thomaston-Upson Community Heart & Soul Day at the state capitol; March 2, 2020; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Thomaston-Upson Community Heart & Soul and recognizing March 2, 2020, as Thomaston-Upson Community Heart & Soul Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Peanut Butter and Jelly Day at the state capitol; March 2, 2020; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 2, 2020, as Peanut Butter and Jelly Day at the state capitol and commending the Georgia peanut industry; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Asberry, Brenda Faye; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Brenda Faye Asberry; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Genocide Prevention and Awareness Month at the state capitol; April 2020; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing April, 2020, as Genocide Prevention and Awareness Month at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Sperano, Officer Daniel; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Officer Daniel Sperano; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Titletown Titans football team; winning the 2019 14U National Championship; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Titletown Titans football team for winning the 2019 14U National Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cook County Schools; Baby Hornets program; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Cook County Schools and the Baby Hornets program; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Edwards, Marigold; 2020 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Marigold Edwards for receiving the 2020 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award on March 10, 2020; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Called to Care; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Called to Care; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Rhodes, Clarence "Mutt" Lee, Jr.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Clarence "Mutt" Lee Rhodes Jr.; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Election Officials and Registrars Day at the state capitol; February 21, 2020; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 21, 2020, as Georgia Election Officials and Registrars Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Federal government; allow states to switch to permanent Daylight Saving Time; urge. Description: A RESOLUTION urging the federal government to allow states to switch to permanent Daylight Saving Time; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Blair, Everton; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Everton Blair; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Smith, Ronald "Ronny" Riggs; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Ronald "Ronny" Riggs Smith; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Afterschool Day at the state capitol; February 25, 2020; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 25, 2020, as Afterschool Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: WiredCats Robotics Team; commend; STEM Advocacy Day at the state capitol; March 9, 2020; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 9, 2020, as STEM Advocacy Day at the state capitol and commending the WiredCats Robotics Team; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Atlanta Girls' School; 20 years of exceptional education and outstanding academic achievements; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Atlanta Girls' School for 20 years of exceptional education and outstanding academic achievements; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Barker, Judge Eddie; outstanding service; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Judge Eddie Barker on his outstanding service; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Meningococcal B Awareness Day at the state capitol; April 24, 2020; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing April 24, 2020, as Meningococcal B Awareness Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Rugby ATL; inaugural season and contributions to the State of Georgia; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Rugby ATL for its inaugural season and contributions to the State of Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Verniero, Honorable Samuel; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Honorable Samuel Verniero; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Court Reporting and Captioning Week at the state capitol; February 9-15, 2020; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 9-15, 2020, as Georgia Court Reporting and Captioning Week at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Oconee County's Teachers of the Year; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Oconee County's Teachers of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Food Bank Day at the state capitol; March 5, 2020; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Georgia's eight food banks and recognizing March 5, 2020, as Georgia Food Bank Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Kendall, Crystal; 2020 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Crystal Kendall for receiving the 2020 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Upton, Brianna; Girl Scout Gold Award, Girl Scouts' highest honor; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Brianna Upton on the Girl Scout Gold Award, Girl Scouts' highest honor; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Chen, Summer; Girl Scout Gold Award, Girl Scouts' highest honor; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Summer Chen on the Girl Scout Gold Award, Girl Scouts' highest honor; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Arora, Vani; Girl Scout Gold Award, Girl Scouts' highest honor; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Vani Arora on the Girl Scout Gold Award, Girl Scouts' highest honor; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Kaur, Darshleen; Girl Scout Gold Award, Girl Scouts' highest honor; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Darshleen Kaur on the Girl Scout Gold Award, Girl Scouts' highest honor; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Kalra, Siya; Girl Scout Gold Award, Girl Scouts' highest honor; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Siya Kalra on the Girl Scout Gold Award, Girl Scouts' highest honor; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Moya, Juliana; Girl Scout Gold Award, Girl Scouts' highest honor; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Juliana Moya on the Girl Scout Gold Award, Girl Scouts' highest honor; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Paterson, Gabrielle; Girl Scout Gold Award, Girl Scouts' highest honor; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Gabrielle Paterson on the Girl Scout Gold Award, Girl Scouts' highest honor; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Arms, Julianna; Girl Scout Gold Award, Girl Scouts' highest honor; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Julianna Arms on the Girl Scout Gold Award, Girl Scouts' highest honor; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Wood, June; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending June Wood; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hungary Day at the state capitol; February 8, 2020; supporting economic, cultural, security, and educational cooperation with Hungary; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION supporting economic, cultural, security, and educational cooperation with Hungary and recognizing February 8, 2020, as Hungary Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia HOPE Day at the state capitol; March 4, 2020; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 4, 2020, as Georgia HOPE Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: American Heart Month; February 2020; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February as American Heart Month; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Gordon Central High School Performing Arts; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Gordon Central High School Performing Arts; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Trantham, Anna; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Anna Trantham; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Snell, Christeen, MLS; outstanding service as the library director for the Fayette County Public Library; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Christeen Snell, MLS, on her outstanding service as the library director for the Fayette County Public Library; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Harris, Elizabeth Carlock; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Elizabeth Carlock Harris; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Baldwin, Beauty Poole; Georgia's first black school superintendent; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Beauty Poole Baldwin, Georgia's first black school superintendent; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: State School Superintendent's Teacher Advisory Council; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the State School Superintendent's Teacher Advisory Council; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Granito, Savannah; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Savannah Granito; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ensley, Coach William "Bill", Sr.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Coach William "Bill" Ensley Sr.; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Public Health Day at the state capitol; February 5, 2020; efforts of the Department of Public Health and district health directors for their past, present, and future work on behalf of Georgia's citizens; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 5, 2020, as Public Health Day at the state capitol and commending the efforts of the Department of Public Health and district health directors for their past, present, and future work on behalf of Georgia's citizens; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Carlisle, Reverend Dr. Carolyn C.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Reverend Dr. Carolyn C. Carlisle; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Caldwell, Debbie; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Debbie Caldwell; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Davis, Pino Wells; 2020 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Pino Wells Davis for receiving the 2020 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Benjamin, Reverend Tommie Lee; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Reverend Tommie Lee Benjamin; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Thompson, Reverend Valerie Allen; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Reverend Valerie Allen Thompson; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Spiece, Reverend David G.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Reverend David G. Spiece; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Allen, Reverend Richard; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Reverend Richard Allen; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bloom Our Youth; licensed child welfare agency; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Bloom Our Youth, a licensed child welfare agency; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Giving Kitchen; 2019 James Beard Humanitarian of the Year Award; its work to support and empower food service workers in Georgia; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Giving Kitchen for receiving the 2019 James Beard Humanitarian of the Year Award for its work to support and empower food service workers in Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Collins, Victoria; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Victoria Collins; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Awesome Girls Day at the state capitol; March 4, 2020; celebrating the 5th anniversary of the Awesome Girl Awards and Regina Sunshine Robinson Global Network's Awesome Girl Day; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 4, 2020, as Awesome Girls Day at the state capitol and celebrating the 5th anniversary of the Awesome Girl Awards and Regina Sunshine Robinson Global Network's Awesome Girl Day; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia State University's Legislative Health Policy Certificate Program and Advanced Health Policy Institute; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Georgia State University's Legislative Health Policy Certificate Program and Advanced Health Policy Institute; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Johnson, Mayor Judy Jordan; outstanding service and contributions to the City of Lawrenceville; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Mayor Judy Jordan Johnson for her outstanding service and contributions to the City of Lawrenceville; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Asian American Lobby Day at the state capitol; February 24, 2020; contributions of Georgia's Asian American and Pacific Islanders (AAPIs); recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the contributions of Georgia's Asian American and Pacific Islanders (AAPIs) and recognizing February 24, 2020, as Georgia Asian American Lobby Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Glynn County; Murray County; change of use of certain property; authorize. Description: A RESOLUTION authorizing the change of use of certain property located in Glynn County currently dedicated as a heritage preserve; authorizing the granting of a nonexclusive easement for the construction, operation, and maintenance of facilities and an ingress and egress in, on, over, under, upon, across, or through certain state owned real property located in Glynn County; authorizing the change of use of certain property located in Murray County currently dedicated as a heritage preserve; authorizing the granting of a nonexclusive easement for the construction, operation, and maintenance of facilities and an ingress and egress in, on, over, under, upon, across, or through certain state owned real property located in Murray County; to provide for related matters; to provide an effective date; to repeal conflicting laws; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Miss Georgia Peach Scholarship Pageant; 2019 Georgia Peach Queens; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Miss Georgia Peach Scholarship Pageant and the 2019 Georgia Peach Queens; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Toccoa-Stephens County Day at the state capitol; February 27, 2020; great achievements of Leadership Toccoa-Stephens County Inc.; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the great achievements of Leadership Toccoa-Stephens County Inc. and recognizing February 27, 2020, as Toccoa-Stephens County Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Mehta, Dipen; 2020 Prudential Spirit Community Award; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Dipen Mehta upon receiving a 2020 Prudential Spirit of Community Award; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Allatoona High School volleyball team; winning the 2019 GHSA Class AAAAAA State Volleyball Championship; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Allatoona High School volleyball team for winning the 2019 GHSA Class AAAAAA State Volleyball Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Lineman Appreciation Day at the state capitol; April 13, 2020; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Georgia's linemen and recognizing April 13, 2020, as Georgia Lineman Appreciation Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Wright, Aryn; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Aryn Wright; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Marous, Lucy; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Lucy Marous; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Fontanillas, Elise; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Elise Fontanillas; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hankamer, Annie; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Annie Hankamer; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Litman, Abby; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Abby Litman; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia's nationally recognized Career, Technical and Agricultural Education program; educators whose expertise prepares hundreds of thousands of Georgia students for college and the workforce each year; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring and commending Georgia's nationally recognized Career, Technical and Agricultural Education program and the educators whose expertise prepares hundreds of thousands of Georgia students for college and the workforce each year; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: 2019 Atlanta Braves and the team's award-winning players and manager; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the 2019 Atlanta Braves and the team's award-winning players and manager; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Papotto, Joseph; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Joseph Papotto; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Afterschool Day at the state capitol; February 25, 2020; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 25, 2020, as Afterschool Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Strejcek, Savannah; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Savannah Strejcek; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Boy Scout Troop 933; 100 years scouting in Vidalia, Georgia; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Boy Scout Troop 933 for 100 years of scouting in Vidalia, Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Coosa High School girls volleyball team; winning the 2019 GHSA 2A/A State Volleyball Championship; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Coosa High School girls volleyball team for winning the 2019 GHSA 2A/A State Volleyball Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Black Male Educators Day at the state capitol; February 28, 2020; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 28, 2020, as Black Male Educators Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Trion High School boys wrestling team; winning the 2019-2020 Class A Boys Wrestling State Championship; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Trion High School boys wrestling team for winning the 2019-2020 Class A Boys Wrestling Dual State Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Archibald, Eloise Scott; 2020 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Eloise Scott Archibald for receiving the 2020 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia TRiO Day Celebration; February 29, 2020; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Georgia TRiO and recognizing the Georgia TRiO Day Celebration on February 29, 2020; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Greene, Ford Clemons; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Ford Clemons Greene; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Chambers, Caleb; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Caleb Chambers; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lipscomb, Ava; outstanding public service as Bartow County CASA director; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Ava Lipscomb on her outstanding public service as Bartow County CASA director; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Doolittle, Caleb; Cass High School's 2020 STAR Student; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Caleb Doolittle, Cass High School's 2020 STAR Student; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Smith, Sheila; Cass High School's 2020 STAR Teacher; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Sheila Smith, Cass High School's 2020 STAR Teacher; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Taylor, Crawford; Woodland High School's 2020 STAR Teacher; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Crawford Taylor, Woodland High School's 2020 STAR Teacher; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Trapheagen, McKenna; Woodland High School's 2020 STAR Student; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending McKenna Trapheagen, Woodland High School's 2020 STAR Student; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Kaslow, Dr. Nadine J.; receiving the Nikki T. Randall Servant Leadership Award for her service to her community; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dr. Nadine J. Kaslow upon receiving the Nikki T. Randall Servant Leadership Award for her service to her community; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Weidner, Matthew; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Matthew Weidner; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Police Chiefs and Heads of Law Enforcement Agencies Recognition Day at the capitol; March 10, 2020; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending police chiefs and other heads of law enforcement agencies in this state and recognizing March 10, 2020, as Police Chiefs and Heads of Law Enforcement Agencies Recognition Day at the capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Forest Park Day at the state capitol; February 25, 2020; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 25, 2020, as Forest Park Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Progressive Multiple Sclerosis Day at the state capitol; March 28, 2020; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 28, 2020, as Progressive Multiple Sclerosis Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Civil Air Patrol; service to the citizens of Georgia; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the Civil Air Patrol for their service to the citizens of Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Finch, Reverend Robert D.; installation as pastor at Billups Grove Baptist Church; years of public service and ministry in Georgia; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating Reverend Robert D. Finch for his installation as pastor at Billups Grove Baptist Church and commending him for his years of public service and ministry in Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Atlanta Track Club; welcoming the United States Olympic Team Trials-Marathon to Atlanta and the State of Georgia; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Atlanta Track Club and welcoming the United States Olympic Team Trials-Marathon to Atlanta and the State of Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Savannah St. Patrick's Day Parade Committee, General Chairman Lawrence E. Edgerly, and Grand Marshal of the 2020 St. Patrick's Day Parade Michael Roush, Sr.; occasion of the 2020 St. Patrick's Day Parade in Savannah, Georgia; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the members of the Savannah St. Patrick's Day Parade Committee, General Chairman Lawrence E. Edgerly, and Grand Marshal of the 2020 St. Patrick's Day Parade Michael Roush Sr., on the upcoming occasion of the 2020 St. Patrick's Day Parade in Savannah, Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: The Links, Incorporated; Links Day at the state capitol; March 3, 2020; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending The Links, Incorporated, and recognizing March 3, 2020, as Links Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Titus, LTC David; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending LTC David Titus; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Southern Crescent Women In Business Inc.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing Southern Crescent Women In Business Inc.; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Most Worshipful Smooth Ashlar Grand Lodge Free Accepted Ancient Yorkrite Masons, Prince Hall Origin National Compact, Jurisdiction of Georgia, and its affiliate, Smooth Ashlar Grand Chapter Order of Eastern Star; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Most Worshipful Smooth Ashlar Grand Lodge Free Accepted Ancient Yorkrite Masons, Prince Hall Origin National Compact, Jurisdiction of Georgia, and its affiliate, Smooth Ashlar Grand Chapter Order of Eastern Star; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cater, Presider John H.; 50 years of ministerial service; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Presider John H. Cater for 50 years of ministerial service; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Mueller, Richard Spencer; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION expressing regret at the passing of Richard Spencer Mueller; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hall, Dr. Esco, Jr.; first black veterinarian to graduate from the University of Georgia; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Dr. Esco Hall Jr., the first black veterinarian to graduate from the University of Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hill, Victoria; Miss Georgia 2019; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Victoria Hill, Miss Georgia 2019; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Howard-Taylor, Vice President Chief Dr. Jewel; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Vice President Chief Dr. Jewel Howard-Taylor; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Chisholm Leadership Academy; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Chisholm Leadership Academy; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Farm Bureau Federation Day at the state capitol; February 11, 2020; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 11, 2020, as Georgia Farm Bureau Federation Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Todd, Madison B.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Madison B. Todd; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: North Hall High School Trojans wrestling team; winning the 2020 GHSA Class AAA Dual State Championship; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the North Hall High School Trojans wrestling team for winning the 2020 GHSA Class AAA Dual State Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Denmon, Kennedy Simone; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Kennedy Simone Denmon; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Evans, Mrs. Naomi N.; remarkable occasion of her 90th birthday; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring and congratulating Mrs. Naomi N. Evans on the remarkable occasion of her 90th birthday; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Caldwell, Devetrion D.; outstanding public service as a member of the Douglas County Board of Education; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Devetrion D. Caldwell on his outstanding public service as a member of the Douglas County Board of Education; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Walker, Judge Peggy H.; outstanding service as a Douglas County Juvenile Court judge; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Judge Peggy H. Walker on her outstanding service as a Douglas County Juvenile Court judge; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: McClain, Judge William H. "Beau"; outstanding public service with the Superior Court of Douglas County; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Judge William H. "Beau" McClain on his outstanding public service with the Superior Court of Douglas County; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Deas, Dr. Timothy B., Sr.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Dr. Timothy B. Deas Sr.; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Coastal Marshland Protection Act; 50th anniversary; March 27, 2020; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing, March 27, 2020, as the 50th anniversary of the Coastal Marshland Protection Act; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: McDaniel, Tracee; receiving the 2020 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Tracee McDaniel for receiving the 2020 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Johnson, Katherine; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Katherine Johnson; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Kiwanis Club of Athens; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Kiwanis Club of Athens; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Maternal Mental Health Day at the state capitol; May 1, 2020; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing May 1, 2020, as Maternal Mental Health Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Pruitt, Vikki; receiving the 2020 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Vikki Pruitt for receiving the 2020 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Golf Day at the state capitol; March 9, 2020; Georgia Golf Course Superintendents Association for the development of the Best Management Practices for Georgia Golf Courses; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Georgia Golf Course Superintendents Association for the development of the Best Management Practices for Georgia Golf Courses and recognizing March 9, 2020, as Georgia Golf Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Foster Care and Adoption Day at the state capitol; March 6, 2020; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 6, 2020, as Foster Care and Adoption Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Essence magazine; well respected and influential publication for African American women; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Essence magazine as a well-respected and influential publication for African American women; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Nurses Day at the state capitol; March 5, 2020; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 5, 2020, as Georgia Nurses Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Autism Awareness Day at the state capitol; March 5, 2020; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 5, 2020, as Autism Awareness Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Nichols, Shirley Williams; receiving the 2020 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Shirley Williams Nichols for receiving the 2020 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hammonds, Freda; receiving the 2020 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Freda Hammonds for receiving the 2020 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Clark, Linda; receiving the 2020 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Linda Clark for receiving the 2020 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Redner, Randy; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Randy Redner; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Coastal Georgia Honor Flight; Georgia's World War II, Korean War, and Vietnam War veterans; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the Coastal Georgia Honor Flight and commending Georgia's World War II, Korean War, and Vietnam War veterans; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Baker, Dr. Gordon N.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dr. Gordon N. Baker; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Albany African American Honors' Day; February 22, 2020; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending several award recipients and recognizing February 22, 2020, as Albany African American Honors' Day; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Greater Atlanta Chapter, 9th and 10th (Horse) Cavalry Association; efforts to preserve and promote the history of Buffalo Soldiers; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the Greater Atlanta Chapter, 9th and 10th (Horse) Cavalry Association for their efforts to preserve and promote the history of Buffalo Soldiers; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: University of North Georgia and its president, Dr. Bonita Jacobs; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the University of North Georgia and its president, Dr. Bonita Jacobs; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Smith, Donnetta "Dee" E.; receiving the 2020 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Donnetta "Dee" E. Smith for receiving the 2020 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Groves, Brianna; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Brianna Groves; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lee, Mayor Lamar; Walnut Grove, Georgia; outstanding public service; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Mayor Lamar Lee of Walnut Grove, Georgia, on his outstanding public service; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Stewart Webster Journal Patriot Citizen; 170th anniversary of its founding; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending the Stewart Webster Journal Patriot Citizen on the 170th anniversary of its founding; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Chamberlain, Kendall; receiving the 2020 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Kendall Chamberlain for receiving the 2020 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Davis, Rick; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Rick Davis; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Massenzio, Lynn; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Lynn Massenzio; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Holst, Tessa; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Tessa Holst; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Carter, Mr. Keith; named Principal of the Year by the Georgia Association of Secondary School Principals; recognizing his many years of service to the Oconee County education system; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Mr. Keith Carter for being named Principal of the Year by the Georgia Association of Secondary School Principals and recognizing his many years of service to the Oconee County education system; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ibrahim, Chama; Noor Family Services Corporation; providing various services and supporting victims of domestic violence in the greater Atlanta region; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Chama Ibrahim of Noor Family Services Corporation for providing various services and supporting victims of domestic violence in the greater Atlanta region; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Maddox, Adelena Stergios; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Adelena Stergios Maddox; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Patient-Centered Physicians Coalition of Georgia Day at the state capitol; March 5, 2020; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 5, 2020, as Patient-Centered Physicians Coalition of Georgia Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Plant, Rosla Garrett; receiving the 2020 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Rosla Garrett Plant for receiving the 2020 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Memorializing the four known victims of lynching in DeKalb County, Georgia; honoring work Remembrance Project Initiative of the NAACP DeKalb branch, which memorializes incidents of racial terrorism perpetrated throughout the U.S. & DeKalb County; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION memorializing the four known victims of lynching in DeKalb County, Georgia, and honoring the work of the Remembrance Project Initiative of the NAACP DeKalb branch, which seeks to recognize and memorialize incidents of racial terrorism perpetrated throughout the United States and in DeKalb County; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Apraxia Awareness Day; May 14, 2020; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing May 14, 2020, as Apraxia Awareness Day; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Association of REALTORS; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Georgia Association of REALTORS; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Rankin, Jeannette Pickering; recognizing the lasting contributions that she made in empowering women to seek opportunities in the classroom and in public office; Jeannette Rankin Day in Georgia; June 11, 2020; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and legacy of Jeannette Pickering Rankin, recognizing the lasting contributions that she made in empowering women to seek opportunities in the classroom and in public office, and recognizing June 11, 2020, as Jeannette Rankin Day in Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Stewart, Walter James "Coach", Sr.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Walter James "Coach" Stewart Sr.; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Miller, Ashia; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Ashia Miller; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Collins, Larry; outstanding public service as mayor of Byron, Georgia; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Larry Collins on his outstanding public service as mayor of Byron, Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Kittle, Fred; outstanding service as chairman on the Bartow County School Board; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Fred Kittle on his outstanding public service as chairman on the Bartow County School Board; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia and the Truist Atlanta Open; long and steady friendship; one of ten ATP World Tour professional tennis events in the United States; celebrating ten years of men's professional tennis in Atlanta; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the long and steady friendship between Georgia and the Truist Atlanta Open, one of ten ATP World Tour professional tennis events in the United States, and celebrating ten years of men's professional tennis in Atlanta; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Brackin, Mike; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Mike Brackin; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Seliskar, Holli Vah; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Holli Vah Seliskar; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Tomei, Betsy; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Betsy Tomei; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Sander, Sara, PhD; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Sara Sander, PhD; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Brand, Miranda; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Miranda Brand; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Burrell, Billy A.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Billy A. Burrell; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Stewart-Stanley, Tiffany; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Tiffany Stewart-Stanley; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Berkshire Hathaway; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Berkshire Hathaway; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Moms of Black Boys (MOBB) United Inc. and MOBB United for Social Change Inc. (MUSC); commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Moms of Black Boys (MOBB) United Inc. and MOBB United for Social Change Inc. (MUSC); and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Morgan, Mary Leila; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Mary Leila Morgan; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Metzger, Addis Bamie; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Addis Bamie Metzger; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Kappa Alpha Psi Fraternity Day at the state capitol; March 9, 2020; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Kappa Alpha Psi Fraternity Inc. and recognizing March 9, 2020, as Kappa Alpha Psi Fraternity Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Broadbent, Steve; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Steve Broadbent; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Charlie Joseph's; grand occasion of its 100th anniversary; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing Charlie Joseph's on the grand occasion of its 100th anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Kappa Lambda Chi Military Fraternity Inc.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Kappa Lambda Chi Military Fraternity Inc.; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Basso, Lucy, Ansley Jordan, Story South and Lauren York; Lumpkin County High School; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Lucy Basso, Ansley Jordan, Story South, and Lauren York of Lumpkin County High School; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Morris Brown College; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Morris Brown College; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Drummond, Dr. Clarence Everette; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Dr. Clarence Everette Drummond; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Kappa Epsilon Psi Military Sorority, Inc.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Kappa Epsilon Psi Military Sorority Inc.; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Byrd, Dr. Vernita E.; receiving the 2020 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Dr. Vernita E. Byrd for receiving the 2020 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: American Heritage Girls; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring and commending American Heritage Girls; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Public Library Day at the state capitol; March 10, 2020; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 10, 2020, as Public Library Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Birth Safety Awareness Day at the state capitol; recognition of Kason Choice and Robin Rohe-Oji, two children in recovery from severe birth injuries, and their families; March 16, 2020; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 16, 2020, as Birth Safety Awareness Day at the state capitol in recognition of Kason Choice and Robin Rohe-Oji, two children in recovery from severe birth injuries, and their families; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lissencephaly Awareness Day at the state capitol; September 8, 2020; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing September 8, 2020, as Lissencephaly Awareness Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Foster, Jim A.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Jim A. Foster; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Francois, Skeeter-Jo; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Skeeter-Jo Francois; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Shelley, "Red Carpet"; outstanding work in the entertainment industry; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending "Red Carpet" Shelley on her outstanding work in the entertainment industry; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Mason, Karen Marie; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Karen Marie Mason; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Robinson, Jacqueline Hawthorne; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Jacqueline Hawthorne Robinson; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: National African American Gun Association Second Amendment Day at the state capitol; February 22, 2020; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 22, 2020, as the National African American Gun Association Second Amendment Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Davis-Nickens, Elaine; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Elaine Davis-Nickens; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Clanton, William E. "Billie"; outstanding citizenry; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending William E. "Billie" Clanton on his outstanding citizenry; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Sex Trafficking Awareness Day at the state capitol; March 12, 2020; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 12, 2020, as Sex Trafficking Awareness Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Boy Scouts of America Day at the state capitol; March 17, 2020; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Boy Scouts of America and recognizing March 17, 2020, as Scout Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hall, William Anthony; distinguished military career; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending William Anthony Hall for his distinguished military career; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Trail Life USA; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Trail Life USA; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: 100th anniversary of women's suffrage in the United States; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the 100th anniversary of women's suffrage in the United States; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Kerlin, Julie; outstanding public service with the Office of Government and Community Affairs at Georgia State University; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Julie Kerlin on her outstanding public service with the Office of Government and Community Affairs at Georgia State University; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jack and Jill of America Inc. Day at the state capitol; March 16, 2020; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 16, 2020, as Jack and Jill of America Inc. Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: University of Georgia AGHON Honor Society; occasion of its centennial; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the University of Georgia AGHON Honor Society on the occasion of its centennial; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Adjournment; relative to. Description: A RESOLUTION relative to meetings and adjournments of the House of Representatives; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia High School Fencing League and its team members; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Georgia High School Fencing League and its member teams; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Marquez, Jose Antonio; co-founder, chair, and CEO of Georgia Latino Film Alliance and Festival; work in helping the Georgia Latino film industry thrive; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and celebrating Jose Antonio Marquez as co-founder, chair, and CEO of Georgia Latino Film Alliance and Festival and his work in helping the Georgia Latino film industry thrive; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Moise, Yvette; co-founder and president of the Georgia Latino Film Alliance and Festival; work in helping the Georgia Latino film industry; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Yvette Moise, co-founder and president of the Georgia Latino Film Alliance and Festival, for her work in helping the Georgia Latino film industry; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Guerrero, Jose Antonio; vice president of the Georgia Latino Film Alliance and Festival; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and celebrating Jose Antonio Guerrero, vice president of the Georgia Latino Film Alliance and Festival; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Kao, H.E. Stanley; Representative, Taipei Economic and Cultural Representative Office; supporting all opportunities for an even closer economic partnership between the Republic of China (Taiwan) and the State of Georgia; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION welcoming H.E. Stanley Kao, Representative, Taipei Economic and Cultural Representative Office, and supporting all opportunities for an even closer economic partnership between the Republic of China (Taiwan) and the State of Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Adjournment; relative to. Description: A RESOLUTION relative to meetings and adjournments of the General Assembly; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: PANDAS Awareness Day at the state capitol; October 9, 2020; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing October 9, 2020, as PANDAS Awareness Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dutchtown High School Boys Basketball; Class 5A 2020 State Champions; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Dutchtown High School Boys Basketball Class 5A 2020 State Champions; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Camp Sunshine; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Camp Sunshine; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: African Women in Leadership Organization; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the African Women in Leadership Organization; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Westwood Lady Wildcats basketball team; winning the 2020 GISA Class AA Basketball Championship; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Westwood Lady Wildcats basketball team for winning the 2020 GISA Class AA State Basketball Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Alive Home Care; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Alive Home Care; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Peanut Proud Inc. Day at the state capitol; March 28, 2020; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Peanut Proud Inc. and recognizing March 28, 2020, as Peanut Proud Inc. Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Giving in Action Inc.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing Giving in Action Inc.; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Women's Golf Day; June 6, 2020; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing June 6, 2020, as Women's Golf Day; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Rucker, Velma L.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Velma L. Rucker; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Atkins, Sallie Jackson; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Sallie Jackson Atkins; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Merritt, Marie Hawkins; recognizing service career upon her retirement; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the public service career of Marie Hawkins Merritt upon her retirement; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Taylor, Rashad Jamal; outstanding public service as a political consultant and legislator; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Rashad Jamal Taylor on his outstanding public service as a political consultant and legislator; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Importance of civil discourse and better arguments; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the importance of civil discourse and better arguments; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Women of Achievement; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Georgia Women of Achievement; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Central State University Chorus; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Central State University Chorus; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Halm, April; receiving the 2020 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending April Halm for receiving the 2020 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Brown, Professor Carlos B.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Professor Carlos B. Brown; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Blackwell, Honorable Justice Keith R.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Honorable Justice Keith R. Blackwell; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Simmons, Dr. Amber M.; receiving the 2020 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Dr. Amber M. Simmons for receiving the 2020 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Future Caucus; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Georgia Future Caucus; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hood, William; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating William Hood; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Powell, Bishop Victor L.; occasion of his 30th anniversary leading Rhema Word Cathedral; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Bishop Victor L. Powell on the occasion of his 30th anniversary leading Rhema Word Cathedral; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ross, Frank, Sr.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Frank Ross Sr.; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: SkillsUSA; outstanding contributions; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending SkillsUSA for its outstanding contributions; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Kaye, Ari Isaac; birth; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION celebrating the birth of Ari Isaac Kaye; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: House of Representatives; amend Rules to allow for virtual meetings. Description: A RESOLUTION amending the Rules of the House of Representatives so as to allow for virtual meetings of the House of Representatives; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Shiloh Baptist Church; occasion of its 180th anniversary; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Shiloh Baptist Church on the occasion of its 180th anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cartwright, Maggie Bell Cheatham; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Maggie Bell Cheatham Cartwright; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Gaines, Roy Edward; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Roy Edward Gaines; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hobbs, Dr. Joseph; longtime chair of the Department of Family Medicine; contributions to the Medical College of Georgia at Augusta University and to the State of Georgia; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and honoring Dr. Joseph Hobbs, longtime chair of the Department of Family Medicine, for his contributions to the Medical College of Georgia at Augusta University and to the State of Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Williams, Rebecca Chase; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Rebecca Chase Williams; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Graviss, Jonathan; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Jonathan Graviss; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Smith, Sherry D.; outstanding public service; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Sherry D. Smith on her outstanding public service; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Heart Pharmacy, Inc.; 50th anniversary; Marvin Weyman Griffin, Sr.; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the 50th anniversary of Heart Pharmacy Inc. and commending Marvin Weyman Griffin Sr.; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Chinnan, Dr. Manjeet; election to the International Academy of Food Science and Technology; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dr. Manjeet Chinnan upon his election to the International Academy of Food Science and Technology; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Nicholson, Glenn E.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Glenn E. Nicholson; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Webb, Garnett P.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Garnett P. Webb; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Panter, Roy W., Sr.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Roy W. Panter Sr.; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Kyle, Jeanette Ray; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Jeanette Ray Kyle; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Britt, David; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating David Britt; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Green, Norris Eugene; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Norris Eugene Green; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: New Providence Baptist Church; occasion of its 150th anniversary; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending New Providence Baptist Church on the occasion of its 150th anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Camp, Judge Susan S.; outstanding public service; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Judge Susan S. Camp on her outstanding public service; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Stonewall Bar Association of Georgia, Inc.; 25 years of service to the Georgia legal community; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Stonewall Bar Association of Georgia Inc. for 25 years of service to the Georgia legal community; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Equality; 25 years of service to Georgia's LGBTQ communities; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Georgia Equality for 25 years of service to Georgia's LGBTQ communities; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: The Atlanta Pride Committee; 50th anniversary of the Atlanta Pride Festival; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending The Atlanta Pride Committee for the 50th anniversary of the Atlanta Pride Festival; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Williams, Cameron Kyle; Troop 1099 Northeast Council; completing his Eagle Scout; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Cameron Kyle Williams from Troop 1099 Northeast Council for completing his Eagle Scout; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Parks, Robert; Loganville Christian Academy's 2020 STAR Student; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Robert Parks, Loganville Christian Academy's 2020 STAR Student; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Kuykendall, Drew; Victory Baptist School's 2020 STAR Student; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Drew Kuykendall, Victory Baptist School's 2020 STAR Student; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Mistretta, Claire; Grayson High School's 2020 STAR Student; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Claire Mistretta, Grayson High School's 2020 STAR Student; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lassiter, Abigail; Loganville High School's 2020 STAR Student; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Abigail Lassiter, Loganville High School's 2020 STAR Student; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Banks, Mason; Victory Baptist School's 2020 STAR Student; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Mason Banks, Victory Baptist School's 2020 STAR Student; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Freeman, Lauren; Winder-Barrow High School's 2020 STAR Student; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Lauren Freeman, Winder-Barrow High School's 2020 STAR Student; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Doolittle, Rebekah; Bethlehem Christian Academy's 2020 STAR Student; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Rebekah Doolittle, Bethlehem Christian Academy's 2020 STAR Student; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Eick, Kelly; Apalachee High School's 2020 STAR Student; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Kelly Eick, Apalachee High School's 2020 STAR Student; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Clark, Dr. Erica P. I.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dr. Erica P.I. Clark; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Meade, Deborah; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Deborah Meade; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Perry, William James; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of William James Perry; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Sewa International; Atlanta chapter; role in aiding in coronavirus relief efforts through personal protective equipment and meal donations; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Atlanta chapter of Sewa International for its role in aiding in coronavirus relief efforts through personal protective equipment and meal donations; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: SINO-USA Next Generation Foundation; role in donating personal protective equipment to hospitals across the state of Georgia; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending SINO-USA Next Generation Foundation for its role in donating personal protective equipment to hospitals across the State of Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bailey, Reverend Dr. Kenneth G.; occasion of his 20th pastoral anniversary; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Reverend Dr. Kenneth G. Bailey on the occasion of his 20th pastoral anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Arbery, Mr. Ahmaud Marquez; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Mr. Ahmaud Marquez Arbery; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Woodward Academy War Eagles wrestling team; winning the 2020 GHSA AAAA Team Dual Wrestling State Championship; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Woodward Academy War Eagles wrestling team for winning the 2020 GHSA AAAA Team Dual Wrestling State Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Woodward Academy boys basketball team; winning the 2020 GHSA AAAA State Basketball Championship; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Woodward Academy boys basketball team for winning the 2020 GHSA Class AAAA State Basketball Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Emerson, Judge David; outstanding public service; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Judge David Emerson on his outstanding public service; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Caldwell, Judge Barbara H.; outstanding public service; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Judge Barbara H. Caldwell on her outstanding public service; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Immigrant Heritage Month; June 2020; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the month of June 2020 as Immigrant Heritage Month; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Zacharias, Ravi; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Ravi Zacharias; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Thibodeaux, Patricia; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Patricia Thibodeaux; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: 2020 graduating class of Rockmart High School; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the 2020 graduating class of Rockmart High School; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: 2020 graduating class of Adairsville High School; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the 2020 graduating class of Adairsville High School; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: 2020 graduating class of Cedartown High School; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the 2020 graduating class of Cedartown High School; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: 2020 graduating class of Haralson County High School; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the 2020 graduating class of Haralson County High School; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: 2020 graduating class of Woodland High School; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the 2020 graduating class of Woodland High School; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Googe, John Matthew; Coosa High School's 2019-2020 STAR Student; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending John Matthew Googe, Coosa High School's 2019-2020 STAR Student; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Carroll, Tessa Marie; Model High School's 2019-2020 STAR Student; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Tessa Marie Carroll, Model High School's 2019-2020 STAR Student; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lionetti, Lacey; Model High School's STAR Teacher; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Lacey Lionetti, Model High School's 2019-2020 STAR Teacher; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Windom, Laura; Coosa High School's 2019-2020 STAR Teacher; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Laura Windom, Coosa High School's 2019-2020 STAR Teacher; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: McDurmon, Kelly; Darlington School's 2019-2020 STAR Teacher; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Kelly McDurmon, Darlington School's 2019-2020 STAR Teacher; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Shorey, Al; Darlington School's 2019-2020 STAR Teacher; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Al Shorey, Darlington School's 2019-2020 STAR Teacher; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Yin, Zheng; Darlington School's 2019-2020 STAR Student; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Zheng Yin, Darlington School's 2019-2020 STAR Student; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Gao, Zijan; Darlington School's 2019-2020 STAR Student; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Zijan Gao, Darlington School's 2019-2020 STAR Student; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Landrum, Coleman Reece; Unity Christian School's 2019-2020 STAR Student; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Coleman Reece Landrum, Unity Christian School's 2019-2020 STAR Student; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Payne, Susan; Unity Christian School's 2019-2020 STAR Teacher; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Susan Payne, Unity Christian School's 2019-2020 STAR Teacher; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Mayes, Vicki; Pepperell High School's 2019-2020 STAR Teacher; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Vicki Mayes, Pepperell High School's 2019-2020 STAR Teacher; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Shanahan, Anwyn MacKenzie; Pepperell High School's 2019-2020 STAR Student; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Anwyn MacKenzie Shanahan, Pepperell High School's 2019-2020 STAR Student; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Santillan, Jeannettelena; Armuchee High School's 2019-2020 STAR Teacher; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Jeannettelena Santillan, Armuchee High School's 2019-2020 STAR Teacher; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Richey, Brindley; Armuchee High School's 2019-2020 STAR Student; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Brindley Richey, Armuchee High School's 2019-2020 STAR Student; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Goldin, Kelly; Rome High School's 2019-2020 STAR Teacher; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Kelly Goldin, Rome High School's 2019-2020 STAR Teacher; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bartleson, Aaron Wesley; Rome High School's 2019-2020 STAR Student; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Aaron Wesley Bartleson, Rome High School's 2019-2020 STAR Student; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Johnson, Barbara Jean; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Barbara Jean Johnson; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Vaughan, David, Jr.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of David Vaughan Jr.; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Williams, Rebecca Chase; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Rebecca Chase Williams; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Love, Gay McLawhorn; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Gay McLawhorn Love; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Owens, Frank Camden, Jr.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Frank Camden Owens Jr.; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Norgren, Noah; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Noah Norgren; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: 2020 Juneteenth Freedom Day Unity Celebration; support. Description: A RESOLUTION supporting the 2020 Juneteenth Freedom Day Unity Celebration; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Heritage High School 5 Star dance team; winning the 2020 GHSA Class 3A-4A State Dance Championship; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Heritage High School 5 Star dance team for winning the 2020 GHSA Class 3A-4A State Dance Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Chotas, James Nicholas; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and honoring James Nicholas Chotas; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hi-Hope Service Center; 60th anniversary of supporting individuals with intellectual and developmental disabilities; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Hi-Hope Service Center on its 60th anniversary of supporting individuals with intellectual and developmental disabilities; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Broadnax, Bonhuer; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Bonhuer Broadnax; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Miller-Betts, Christine; executive director of the Lucy Craft Laney Museum of Black History, on her retirement; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring Christine Miller-Betts, executive director of the Lucy Craft Laney Museum of Black History, on her retirement; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Adjournment; relative to. Description: A RESOLUTION relative to meetings and adjournments of the General Assembly; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hill, Senator Jack; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Senator Jack Hill; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Barrow, Dr. Joseph C., Jr.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dr. Joseph C. Barrow Jr.; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Saunders, Kenneth, III; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Kenneth Saunders III; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: National Minority Donor Awareness Month; August 2020; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing August 2020 as National Minority Donor Awareness Month; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Moore, Cyndee Perdue; leadership and committed service to the University of North Georgia, the larger surrounding communities, and the entire State of Georgia; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Cyndee Perdue Moore for her leadership and committed service to the University of North Georgia, the larger surrounding communities, and the entire State of Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Taiwan ROC; efforts in aiding Georgia in the fight against COVID-19; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Taiwan ROC for its efforts in aiding Georgia in the fight against COVID-19; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgians to participate in the 2020 Census to ensure an accurate count; encourage. Description: A RESOLUTION encouraging all Georgians to participate in the 2020 Census to ensure a complete and accurate count; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Community Activist Day; April 3, 2020; to acknowledge the unsung heroic activists and their strength, selfless courage, and hopeful actions that create a positive and much improved future; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing April 3, 2020, as Community Activist Day to acknowledge the unsung heroic activists and their strength, selfless courage, and hopeful actions that create a positive and much improved future; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: McDuffie County; grand occasion of its 150th anniversary; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending McDuffie County upon the grand occasion of its 150th anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Zayas, Safira; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Safira Zayas; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lipscomb, Breana; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Breana Lipscomb; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Henderson, Sarahn; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Sarahn Henderson; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Pate, Brenda A.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Brenda A. Pate on her outstanding service; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Graziano, Louis C.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Louis C. Graziano; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Wilkie, Glenn W.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Glenn W. Wilkie; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: House Interns; 2020 Regular Session; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the House Interns for the 2020 Regular Session; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: James, Keya; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Keya James; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Vinson, Pastor Apostle Thomas H.; faithful leadership and commitment to Highpoint Christian Tabernacle of Smyrna, Georgia; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Pastor Apostle Thomas H. Vinson for his faithful leadership and commitment to Highpoint Christian Tabernacle of Smyrna, Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cervical Cancer Day; January 15, 2020; Cervical Health Awareness Month; January 2020; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing January 15, 2020, as Cervical Cancer Day and January 2020 as Cervical Health Awareness Month; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bohler, Antrone; receiving the 2020 Georgia Single Parent Legacy Builder Award in the Education category; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Antrone Bohler for receiving the 2020 Georgia Single Parent Legacy Builder Award in the Education category; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cook, Parissa; receiving the 2020 Georgia Single Parent Legacy Builder Award in the Medical and Health category; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Parissa Cook for receiving the 2020 Georgia Single Parent Legacy Builder Award in the Medical and Health category; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Clark, Jenaye; receiving the 2020 Georgia Single Parent Legacy Builder Award in the Arts and Entertainment category; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Jenaye Clark for receiving the 2020 Georgia Single Parent Legacy Builder Award in the Arts and Entertainment category; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Walker, Jeneen; receiving the 2020 Georgia Single Parent Legacy Builder Award in the Faith Based category; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Jeneen Walker for receiving the 2020 Georgia Single Parent Legacy Builder Award in the Faith Based category; and for other purposes
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jordan, Clarissa; receiving the 2020 Georgia Single Parent Legacy Builder Award in the Community Service category; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Clarissa Jordan for receiving the 2020 Georgia Single Parent Legacy Builder Award in the Community Service category; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Landing, Elizabeth; grand occasion of her retirement; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Elizabeth Landing upon the grand occasion of her retirement; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Black Lives Matter; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing that Black Lives Matter; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cleveland, Rob; outstanding public service; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Rob Cleveland for his outstanding public service; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Horton, Sandra K.; completion of her service as the Southern Regional Director for Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, Inc.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Sandra K. Horton on the completion of her service as the Southern Regional Director for Delta Sigma Theta Sorority Inc.; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bona, Dr. Joseph; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Dr. Joseph Bona; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hobbs, Dr. Joseph; longtime chair of the Department of Family Medicine; contributions to the Medical College of Georgia at Augusta University and to the State of Georgia; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and honoring Dr. Joseph Hobbs, longtime chair of the Department of Family Medicine, for his contributions to the Medical College of Georgia at Augusta University and to the State of Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Sims, Nerissa; receiving the 2020 Georgia Single Parent Legacy Builder Award in the Public Service category; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Nerissa Sims for receiving the 2020 Georgia Single Parent Legacy Builder Award in the Public Service category; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lassiter, Bianca; receiving the 2020 Georgia Single Parent Legacy Builder Award in the Business category; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Bianca Lassiter for receiving the 2020 Georgia Single Parent Legacy Builder Award in the Business category; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Quettan, Saurel J.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Saurel J. Quettan; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Gatson, Patsy Austin; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Patsy Austin Gatson; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: International Women of H.O.P.E.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending International Women of H.O.P.E.; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Barnwell, Sharon; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Sharon Barnwell; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Gatson, Travis; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Travis Gatson; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hall, Wayne; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Wayne Hall; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Need for federal fiscal relief and new state revenue streams to ensure equitable economic recovery in Georgia; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the need for federal fiscal relief and new state revenue streams to ensure an equitable economic recovery in Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Importance of ensuring access to higher education for all Georgians; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the importance of ensuring access to higher education for all Georgians; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Racism and discrimination against Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders; condemn. Description: A RESOLUTION condemning racism and discrimination against Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Reddick, Janis B.; grand occasion of her retirement; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Janis B. Reddick upon the grand occasion of her retirement; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Kleinlein, Tom; outstanding service as Georgia Southern University's Director of Athletics; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Tom Kleinlein on his outstanding service as Georgia Southern University's Director of Athletics; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hursey, Elizabeth Zoller; outstanding public service as the Clerk of Court of Effingham County; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Elizabeth Zoller Hursey on her outstanding public service as the Clerk of Court of Effingham County; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Luton, Jimmie "MeMa"; celebrating 103rd birthday; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION celebrating the 103rd birthday of Jimmie "MeMa" Luton; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: 2020 graduating class of East Paulding High School; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the 2020 graduating class of East Paulding High School; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Need to reform use of force policies to protect lives and keep communities safe; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the need to reform use of force policies to protect lives and keep communities safe; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Burroughs, Ophelia; grand occasion of her retirement; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Ophelia Burroughs upon the grand occasion of her retirement; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: 2020 graduating class of North Paulding High School; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the 2020 graduating class of North Paulding High School; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: 2020 graduating class of Paulding County High School; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the 2020 graduating class of Paulding County High School; and for other purposes
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Thomas, Representative "Able" Mable; outstanding public service; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Representative "Able" Mable Thomas on her outstanding public service; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dean, Josie; exemplary service and achievements in her work as a community activist; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Josie Dean on her exemplary service and achievements in her work as a community activist; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: 2020 graduating class of Hiram High School; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the 2020 graduating class of Hiram High School; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Leiter, Gordon; Heart of the Community Foundation's 2020 Board of Governors Award recipient; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Heart of the Community Foundation's 2020 Board of Governors Award recipient, Gordon Leiter; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hopkins, Mary Gardner; celebrate birth. Description: A RESOLUTION celebrating the birth of Mary Gardner Hopkins; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Stancil, Max; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Max Stancil; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Wilson, W. Frank; outstanding public service; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending W. Frank Wilson on his outstanding public service; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jones, Johnny; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Johnny Jones; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jones, Michael; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Michael Jones; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Steiner, Scott; Phoebe Putney Health System; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Scott Steiner and Phoebe Putney Health System; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ross, Jonathan S.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Jonathan S. Ross; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Samuel, Willie Mae; Heart of the Community Foundation's 2020 Award of Honor recipient; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Heart of the Community Foundation's 2020 Award of Honor recipient Willie Mae Samuel; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Nash, Peggy; Heart of the Community Foundation's 2020 Award of Honor recipient; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Heart of the Community Foundation's 2020 Award of Honor recipient, Peggy Nash; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Molnar, Whit; Heart of the Community Foundation's 2020 Young Heart Award recipient; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Whit Molnar, a Heart of the Community Foundation's 2020 Young Heart Award recipient; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Johnson, Jarrod "J.J."; Heart of the Community Foundation's 2020 Award of Honor recipient; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and congratulating the Heart of the Community Foundation's 2020 Award of Honor recipient, Jarrod "J.J." Johnson; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Goldfaden, Dr. Daniel; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and congratulating Dr. Daniel Goldfaden; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: International Paper; Heart of the Community Foundation's 2020 Business Award recipient; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Heart of the Community Foundation's 2020 Business Award recipient International Paper; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hatcher, Linda; Heart of the Community Foundation's 2020 Award of Honor recipient; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Heart of the Community Foundation's 2020 Award of Honor recipient Linda Hatcher; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: 2020 graduating class of South Paulding High School; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the 2020 graduating class of South Paulding High School; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ross, Susanna M.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Susanna M. Ross; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dupree, Casual Cal; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Casual Cal Dupree; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Martin, Dr. Victoria W.; outstanding public service; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dr. Victoria W. Martin for her outstanding public service; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Mason, Maudlin, commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Maudlin Mason; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Stovall, Representative Valencia; outstanding public service; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Representative Valencia Stovall on her outstanding public service; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Wright, Jean Elisabeth; occasion of her induction into the Georgia Women of Achievement Hall of Fame; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the late Jean Elisabeth Wright upon the occasion of her induction into the Georgia Women of Achievement Hall of Fame; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: MAYS Striker 01B Elite Clasico soccer team; last season; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the MAYS Striker 01B Elite Clasico soccer team on its last season; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Health and wellness coaches; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending health and wellness coaches; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Wildlife Club; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Wildlife Club; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: STING, Inc.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending STING Inc.; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Young, Trae; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Trae Young; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Taylor, Breonna; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Breonna Taylor; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Fibroid Awareness Month at the state capitol; July 2020; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the month of July 2020 as Fibroid Awareness Month at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Best, Mayor Phil; outstanding service as president of the Georgia Municipal Association; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Mayor Phil Best on his outstanding service as president of the Georgia Municipal Association; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Mableton Improvement Coalition; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Mableton Improvement Coalition; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: White, Andre Moses; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Andre Moses White; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Brooks, Rayshard; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Rayshard Brooks; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: 2019 FreakNik Festival and the After 9 Partners Adult Health Fair; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commemorating the 2019 FreakNik Festival and the After 9 Partners Adult Health Fair; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: White, Joyce DuPree; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Joyce DuPree White; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: 2020 graduating class of Bremen High School; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the 2020 graduating class of Bremen High School; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lower Muscogee Creek Tribe and the Cherokee Nation; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Lower Muscogee Creek Tribe and the Cherokee Nation; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dickerson, Representative Pamela; outstanding public service; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Representative Pamela Dickerson on her outstanding public service; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Thomas, Representative "Able" Mable; outstanding public service; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Representative "Able" Mable Thomas on her outstanding public service; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Gardner, Representative Pat; outstanding public service; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Representative Pat Gardner on her outstanding public service; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Stovall, Representative Valencia; outstanding public service; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Representative Valencia Stovall on her outstanding public service; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Gordon, Representative J. Craig; outstanding public service; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Representative J. Craig Gordon on his outstanding public service; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lopez, Representative Brenda; outstanding public service; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Representative Brenda Lopez on her outstanding public service; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Stamper, Ashley and David; birth of their daughter; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating Ashley and David Stamper on the birth of their daughter; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Rancifer, Marshall; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Marshall Rancifer; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Simpson, Monica Raye; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Monica Raye Simpson; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Armstrong, Dr. Mark; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dr. Mark Armstrong; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Zacharias, Ravi; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Ravi Zacharias; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bruhtawk LLC.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Bruhtawk LLC.; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: The Frank and Joe Show; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending The Frank and Joe Show; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Reynolds, Reverend Edward Spencer; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Reverend Edward Spencer Reynolds; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Rodriguez, Danielle; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Danielle Rodriguez; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jones, Yvonne "Shad"; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Yvonne "Shad" Jones; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Smith, Bob; Mayor of Watkinsville, Georgia; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating Bob Smith, Mayor of Watkinsville, Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Coffer, M.L.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of M. L. Coffer; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Burkhalter, J. Mark; nomination as the United States Ambassador to Norway; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending J. Mark Burkhalter upon his nomination as the United States Ambassador to Norway; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: 2018 Atlanta Braves; award-winning players and manager; recognize and commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the 2018 Atlanta Braves and the team's award-winning players and manager; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Murphy, Dale; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dale Murphy for his legendary baseball career; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Senate Rules; adopt. Description: A RESOLUTION adopting the Rules of the Senate; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Senate Convened; notify House of Representatives. Description: A RESOLUTION to notify the House of Representatives that the Senate has convened; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: General Assembly Convened; notify the Governor. Description: A RESOLUTION to notify the Governor that the General Assembly has convened; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Senate Officials, Employees, and Committees; relative. Description: A RESOLUTION relative to officials, employees, and committees in the Senate; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Franklin County Softball Team; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Franklin County softball team for winning the state Fastpitch Softball Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Forney, M.D., Rutledge; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing Rutledge Forney, M.D., as "Doctor of the Day" for January 15, 2019, and commending her for her many contributions to the welfare of the citizens of the State of Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Clayton State University Day; recognize January 15, 2019. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Clayton State University and recognizing January 15, 2019, as Clayton State University Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Multi-Agency Alliance for Children Day; recognize January 17, 2019. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Multi-Agency Alliance for Children and recognizing January 17, 2019, as Multi-Agency Alliance for Children Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Blue Key Day at the Capitol 2019. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the University of Georgia chapter of Blue Key National Honor Society on the occasion of Georgia Blue Key Day at the Capitol 2019; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Adjournment; relative to. Description: A RESOLUTION relative to meetings and adjournments of the General Assembly; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Johnson, Jr., Millard; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Millard Johnson, Jr.; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hagins, Carol L.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Carol L. Hagins; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Youth Villages Georgia Day; recognize January 15, 2019. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Youth Villages Georgia and recognizing January 15, 2019, as Youth Villages Georgia Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Georgia Commission on Freight and Logistics; create. Description: A RESOLUTION creating the Georgia Commission on Freight and Logistics; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Service Providers Association for Developmental Disabilities; staff members; honoring. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring and commending the organizations and their staff members of the Service Providers Association for Developmental Disabilities and celebrating their day at the Capitol on January 17, 2019; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: 2018 Parkview High School Baseball Team; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the 2018 Parkview High School baseball team; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Veterinary Medicine Day; recognize January 30, 2019. Description: A RESOLUTION commending those in the veterinary medicine field and recognizing January 30, 2019, as Veterinary Medicine Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Peachtree City Little League Baseball Team; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Peachtree City Little League baseball team for an outstanding 2018 season in baseball competition; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: United States Congress; amend the allocation of funds collected through federal motor fuel taxes; urge. Description: A RESOLUTION urging the United States Congress to amend the allocation of funds collected through federal motor fuel taxes; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Big Door Vineyards; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Big Door Vineyards; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Leadership Cobb; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Leadership Cobb and the members of the Leadership Cobb Class of 2019; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Delta Day; recognize February 25, 2019. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, Inc., and recognizing February 25, 2019, as Delta Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Blessed Trinity Catholic High School Titans; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Blessed Trinity Catholic High School Titans for winning the 2018 Class AAAA GHSA State Football Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Pierce, Geoffrey Connor; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Geoffrey Connor Pierce; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: X&Y Chromosome Variations Awareness Day; recognize February 6, 2019. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 6, 2019, as X & Y Chromosome Variations Awareness Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Great Promise Partnership; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Great Promise Partnership; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Studer, Amanda; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Amanda Studer, Gainesville City School System's 2018-2019 Teacher of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dahlonega-Lumpkin County Day; recognize February 7, 2019. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 7, 2019, as Dahlonega-Lumpkin County Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Family and Consumer Sciences; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing Family and Consumer Sciences; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Capell, Rob and Jackie; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating Rob and Jackie Capell upon the grand occasion of their 50th wedding anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Stevens, Lieutenant Charles; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Lieutenant Charles Stevens; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Prewitt, Davon; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and recognizing Davon Prewitt; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hollar, Officer Paul; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Officer Paul Hollar; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hart, Police Chief Rachael; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending City of Oglethorpe Police Chief Rachael Hart; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Brouillette, Judy; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Judy Brouillette; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Whitaker, Alonza; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Alonza Whitaker; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hugley, Isaiah; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Isaiah Hugley upon being named the 2019 recipient of the Alpha Phi Alpha Fraternity Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., Unity Award; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bell, Bruce; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Bruce Bell upon the grand occasion of his retirement; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Interstate 14; support. Description: A RESOLUTION supporting the proposed Interstate 14 through Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Mortgage Bank Day; recognize February 14, 2019. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Mortgage Bankers Association of Georgia (MBAG) and recognizing February 14, 2019, as Mortgage Bank Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Stancil, Steve; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Steve Stancil; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jones, Michael S.; Suwanee Police Chief; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Suwanee Police Chief Michael S. Jones as the 2018-2019 Georgia Police Chief of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Woodside, Milton H. "Woody"; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Milton H. "Woody" Woodside upon the grand occasion of his retirement; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland; express cultural, economic, and educational cooperation. Description: A RESOLUTION expressing cultural, economic, and educational cooperation with the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland and commending the Consul General Andrew Staunton of the United Kingdom for his indefatigable efforts on behalf of the special relationship between the United Kingdom and the State of Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Pollard, Jr., Senator Griffin "Jake" Buchanan; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Senator Griffin "Jake" Buchanan Pollard, Jr.; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Rassin, Barry; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Barry Rassin for his outstanding public service; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Shringla, Honorable Ambassador Harsh Vardhan; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Honorable Ambassador Harsh Vardhan Shringla; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Future Farmers of America (FFA); commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Georgia Future Farmers of America (FFA) and recognizing February 17-23, 2019, as National FFA Week, with February 19, 2019, as FFA Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Gatewood Gators Varsity Football Team; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Gatewood Gators varsity football team for winning the 2018 GISA AA State Football Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Farm Bureau Federation Day; recognize February 12, 2019. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 12, 2019, as Georgia Farm Bureau Federation Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Youth Equine Championship Day; recognize February 5, 2019. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 5, 2019, as Youth Equine Championship Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Pressley, Justin A.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Justin A. Pressley; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Super Bowl LIII Day; celebrate January 29, 2019. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Atlanta Super Bowl Host Committee and celebrating January 29, 2019, as Super Bowl LIII Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: DeKalb County Public Library; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and recognizing the DeKalb County Public Library for being named Georgia's Public Library of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Shepherd, Sr., James Harold; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of James Harold Shepherd, Sr., cofounder of the Shepherd Center; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Georgia High School Association; add the 4x800 meter relay to the state track meet; urge. Description: A RESOLUTION urging the Georgia High School Association to add the 4x800 meter relay to the state track meet; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Kappa Alpha Psi Fraternity Day; recognize March 12, 2019. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Kappa Alpha Psi Fraternity, Inc., and recognizing March 12, 2019, as Kappa Alpha Psi Fraternity Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Senator Bill Jackson Interchange; Columbia County; dedicate. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing Senator William "Bill" S. Jackson and dedicating an interchange in his honor; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ward, Doris Yvonne; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Doris Yvonne Ward; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Harris, Jr., Clifford Joseph "T.I."; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Clifford Joseph "T.I." Harris, Jr., on his outstanding public service; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Utility Contractors Association Legislative Awareness Day; recognize February 5, 2019. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Georgia Utility Contractors Association and recognizing February 5, 2019, as Georgia Utility Contractors Association Legislative Awareness Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Firefighters Recognition Day; recognize February 5, 2019. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring and commending the firefighters of Georgia and recognizing February 5, 2019, as Firefighters Recognition Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Heard County High School Football Team; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Heard County High School football team for winning the 2018 GHSA 2A State Football Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Battles, Pastor Jim; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Pastor Jim Battles; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Girl Scout Day; recognize February 5, 2019. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 5, 2019, as Girl Scout Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Tourism, Hospitality, and Arts Day; recognize February 5, 2019. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 5, 2019, as Tourism, Hospitality, and Arts Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Science Teachers Association; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Georgia Science Teachers Association; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Math Day; recognize February 13, 2019. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 13, 2019, as Math Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: GSRA Day; recognize February 6, 2019. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring Georgia's retirees and the Georgia State Retirees Association (GSRA) and recognizing February 6, 2019, as GSRA Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: 4-H Day; recognize February 7, 2019. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the 4-H Clubs of Georgia and John Henry Walker, Arch D. Smith, and the 2018-2019 4-H Leadership Team and recognizing February 7, 2019, as 4-H Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: State YMCA of Georgia's Youth Assembly; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending the State YMCA of Georgia's Youth Assembly on its 75th anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: YMCAs of Georgia; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the YMCAs of Georgia for the important work they do in communities across the state promoting a healthy spirit, mind and body; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Young Farmers Day; recognize February 12, 2019. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Georgia Young Farmers Association and recognizing February 12, 2019, as Young Farmers Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: McDonough Road Baptist Church; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending McDonough Road Baptist Church on the occasion of its 25th anniversary of the move from Norman Drive in College Park to McDonough Road in Fayetteville; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Greater North Fulton Chamber of Commerce; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Greater North Fulton Chamber of Commerce; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Senate Study Committee on Digital Education and Screen Time in Georgia Public Schools; create. Description: A RESOLUTION creating the Senate Study Committee on Digital Education and Screen Time in Georgia Public Schools; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Sundermeier, Reverend Dr. Tony; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Reverend Dr. Tony Sundermeier; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: March of Dimes Day; recognize February 7, 2019. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the March of Dimes and recognizing February 7, 2019, as March of Dimes Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Gay, Dallas; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dallas Gay, Rotary Man of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Deal, First Lady Sandra; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending former First Lady Sandra Deal, Rotary Woman of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jackson-Butts County Day; recognize February 27, 2019. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 27, 2019, as Jackson-Butts County Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: "Keeping Georgia Wild Day"; recognize February 19, 2019. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 19, 2019, as "Keeping Georgia Wild Day" at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Valdosta State University Blazers Football Team; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Valdosta State University Blazers football team for its 2018 Division II National Championship victory; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia High School Fencing League; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Georgia High School Fencing League and its member teams; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: New Americans Day; recognize February 14, 2019. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 14, 2019, as New Americans Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Piedmont Chapter of the Sons of the American Revolution; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Piedmont Chapter of the Sons of the American Revolution on the grand occasion of its 25th anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Reeves, Deputy First Class Rod; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Deputy First Class Rod Reeves; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Chung, Reverend Minho; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Reverend Minho Chung of the Korean Church of Atlanta in Duluth, Georgia, for his leadership and service; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Pre-K Week; recognize October 7-11, 2019. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing October 7-11, 2019, as Georgia Pre-K Week at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Emmanuel Community Church; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Emmanuel Community Church on its 15th anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: United States Department of Veterans Affairs; establish new outpatient Veterans Affairs clinics; request. Description: A RESOLUTION requesting that the United States Department of Veterans Affairs establish new outpatient Veterans Affairs clinics in Gwinnett County, Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Milton Eagles Football Team; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Milton Eagles football team for winning the 2018 GHSA 7A State Football Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Walker IV, Weymouth "Drew"; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Weymouth "Drew" Walker IV for his outstanding fencing career; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Genocide Prevention and Awareness Month; recognize April 2019. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing April, 2019, as Genocide Prevention and Awareness Month at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Progressive Multiple Sclerosis Day; recognize March 28, 2019. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 28, 2019, as Progressive Multiple Sclerosis Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: 7th Annual Legislative Fly-In at the state capitol; recognize February 20, 2019. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 20, 2019, as the 7th Annual Legislative Fly-In at the state capitol and commending the Georgia Airports Association and its leadership; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: DeKalb County Public Library; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and recognizing the DeKalb County Public Library for being named Georgia's Public Library of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: American Heart Month; recognize February. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February as American Heart Month at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: United States Congress; pass funding legislation; secure southern border; urge. Description: A RESOLUTION urging congress to pass funding legislation that will secure the southern border of the United States; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: "Community Health Centers Day"; recognize February 11, 2019. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 11, 2019, as "Community Health Centers Day" and commending the Georgia Primary Care Association; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dyslexia Day; recognize February 12, 2019. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 12, 2019, as Dyslexia Day at the state capitol and urging schools, local educational agencies, and the state educational agency to address the profound educational impact of dyslexia; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Heath, Dawson; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Dawson Heath; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: White County; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending White County; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Habersham County Day; recognize February 20, 2019. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Habersham County and recognizing February 20, 2019, as Habersham County Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ferragamo, Salvatore; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Salvatore Ferragamo; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Sovchen, David; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of David Sovchen; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, Inc., Day; recognize February 11, 2019. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 11, 2019, as the Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, Inc., Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Gibson, Reverend Dr. Marcus J.; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Reverend Dr. Marcus J. Gibson on the occasion of his 20th pastoral anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Columbus Day; recognize March 5, 2019. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 5, 2019, as Columbus Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lawrence, Trevor; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Trevor Lawrence of Cartersville, Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hinds, Annie; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and recognizing Annie Hinds; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Proctor, James; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending James Proctor upon the grand occasion of his graduation; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Community Service Boards Day; recognize February 13, 2019. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Georgia's Community Service Boards and recognizing February 13, 2019, as Community Service Boards Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Thomas, Grady; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Grady Thomas; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Randall, Mary O.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Mary O. Randall; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Federation of Democratic Women in Blue Day; recognize February 12, 2019. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 12, 2019, as Georgia Federation of Democratic Women in Blue Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Scouts BSA Day; recognize February 27, 2019. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Boy Scouts of America and recognizing February 27, 2019, as Scouts BSA Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Atlanta-region Transit Link "ATL" Authority; prioritize and encourage the use of technological innovation; urge. Description: A RESOLUTION urging the Atlanta-region Transit Link "ATL" Authority to prioritize and encourage the use of technological innovation and the development of intelligent transportation systems; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: National Wear Red Day; recognize February 13, 2019. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 13, 2019, as National Wear Red Day; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jackson, Barbara Evelyn; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Barbara Evelyn Jackson; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Clark Atlanta University Day; recognize February 13, 2019. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 13, 2019, as Clark Atlanta University Day at the state capitol, and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: University System of Georgia Outstanding Scholars on Academic Recognition Day; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the University System of Georgia Outstanding Scholars on Academic Recognition Day for 2019; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Spelman College Class of 1969 Day; recognize February 14, 2019. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 14, 2019, as Spelman College Class of 1969 Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Physician's Day; recognize February 20, 2019. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 20, 2019, as Physician's Day at the state capitol and saluting the physicians of Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Court Reporting and Captioning Week; recognize February 10-16, 2019. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 10-16, 2019, as Georgia Court Reporting and Captioning Week at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Augusta's Interfaith Coalition Day; recognize February 14, 2019. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 14, 2019, as Augusta's Interfaith Coalition Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Coosa High School Girls Volleyball Team; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Coosa High School girls volleyball team for winning the 2018 GHSA 2A/A State Volleyball Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: City of Cochran, congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and honoring the City of Cochran on its historic 150th anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hagins, Yvette Johnson; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Yvette Johnson Hagins upon the grand occasion of her retirement; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Johnson, Marshal Antonio R.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Marshal Antonio R. Johnson; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Unify Georgia Day; recognize March 11, 2019. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 11, 2019, as Unify Georgia Day at the state capitol and commending the Perfect Love Foundation's Unify America initiative for its nonpartisan promotion of unity and its efforts to take a stand against division; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Loving, Cathy E.; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Cathy E. Loving; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: David, Michael D.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Michael D. Davis; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lee County High School Trojans Football Team; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Lee County High School Trojans football team for winning the 2018 GHSA 6A State Football Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Barr, Jeri; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION Recognizing and commending Jeri Barr upon her retirement after 35 years as chief executive officer of the Center for Family Resources; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: State Restaurant Day; recognize February 20, 2019. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 20, 2019, as State Restaurant Day at the state capitol and commending the restaurant industry of Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Association for Career and Technical Education; honor. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring and recognizing the Georgia Association for Career and Technical Education and the career and technical educators who prepare many of Georgia's students for the work force; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Senate Study Committee on Revising Voting Rights for Nonviolent Felony Offenders; create. Description: A RESOLUTION creating the Senate Study Committee on Revising Voting Rights for Nonviolent Felony Offenders; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: South Fulton Chamber of Commerce; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the South Fulton Chamber of Commerce on the grand occasion of its 72nd anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Skellie, Chief Petty Officer Sharon; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Chief Petty Officer Sharon Skellie for her leadership, courage, and service; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Adam, Lieutenant Lynn Michele; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Lieutenant Lynn Michele Adam for her leadership, courage, and service; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Karinshak, Sergeant Trecia; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Sergeant Trecia Karinshak for her leadership, courage, and service; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Oglethorpe County Forestry Unit; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Oglethorpe County Forestry Unit on being named the Georgia Forestry Commission 2018 North Georgia Unit of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Worth County and Decatur-Seminole County Forestry Units; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Worth County and Decatur-Seminole County Forestry Units on being named the Georgia Forestry Commission 2018 South Georgia Co-Units of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: School Social Workers Association of Georgia Day; recognize March 1, 2019. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the School Social Workers Association of Georgia and recognizing March 1, 2019, as School Social Workers Association of Georgia Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Holyfield, Evander; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing Evander Holyfield on being inducted into the International Boxing Hall of Fame; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bradford, Major Tommy; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Major Tommy Bradford for his dedication and service to his community; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Women Veterans Day; recognize February 19, 2019. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Master Sergeant Sparkle K. Adams for her outstanding service with the American armed forces and recognizing February 19, 2019, as Women Veterans Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Fralick, Margaret Wilkes; celebrate the birth. Description: A RESOLUTION celebrating the birth of Margaret Wilkes Fralick; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cannon, Dalton Harold; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Dalton Harold Cannon; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Edge, Jr., William M. "Bill"; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending William M. "Bill" Edge, Jr., upon the grand occasion of his retirement; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Blackmon, Larry; honor. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring and commending Larry Blackmon; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Association of Broadcasters (GAB); recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and honoring the Georgia Association of Broadcasters (GAB); and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: BOMA Georgia Day; recognize February 26, 2019. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Building Owners and Managers Association of Georgia (BOMA Georgia) and recognizing February 26, 2019, as BOMA Georgia Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Gordon Lee Softball Team; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Gordon Lee softball team for winning the 2018 Class A Georgia High School Association Fast Pitch State Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Alexander, Reverend Dr. Cameron Madison; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Reverend Dr. Cameron Madison Alexander; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Henry, Sr., William "W.T."; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of William "W.T." Henry, Sr.; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Thomas, Dr. Donald R.; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dr. Donald R. Thomas for 58 outstanding years of medical practice; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Collins, Michael Allen "Mac"; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Michael Allen "Mac" Collins; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Fowler, Zack; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Zack Fowler on the grand occasion of his induction into the Georgia Association of Broadcasters Hall of Fame; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Carter, Technical Sergeant Eustacia Vye McCloud; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Technical Sergeant Eustacia Vye McCloud Carter for her leadership, courage, and service; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Anthony, Susan B.; honor. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring Susan B. Anthony on her birthday for her tireless advocacy and abiding service on behalf of women's suffrage and other women's issues; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Gaines-Edmond, Colonel Denise; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Colonel Denise Gaines-Edmond for her leadership, courage, and service; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: 2019 University of West Georgia's Student Government Association and Blue Coat Ambassadors; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the members of the 2019 University of West Georgia's Student Government Association and Blue Coat ambassadors for their outstanding commitment to student leadership on campus and in the community; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bainbridge Bearcats Football Team; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Bainbridge Bearcats football team for winning the 2018 GHSA 5A State Football Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Marrero, Kyle; University of West Georgia President; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending University of West Georgia President Kyle Marrero; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Robinson, Mayor Rochelle; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Mayor Rochelle Robinson; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Women Veterans Day; recognize February 19, 2019. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Staff Sergeant Kimberly Jones for her outstanding service with the American armed forces and recognizing February 19, 2019, as Women Veterans Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Shaw, Master Sergeant Cheryl R.; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Master Sergeant Cheryl R. Shaw; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Woody, Staff Sergeant Michelle Renee; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Staff Sergeant Michelle Renee Woody; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Afterschool Day; recognize February 20, 2019. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 20, 2019, as Afterschool Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Emergency Management Association Day; recognize February 20, 2019. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Emergency Management Association of Georgia and recognizing February 20, 2019, as Emergency Management Association Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Consulate-General of Japan in the Southeast; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the 45th anniversary of the Consulate-General of Japan in the Southeast; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Moon, Randall K.; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Randall K. Moon on his outstanding public service as the Chief of the Oakwood Police Department; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Joint Study Committee on Transferring Oversight of Developmental Disabilities to the Department of Community Health; create. Description: A RESOLUTION creating the Joint Study Committee on Transferring Oversight of Developmental Disabilities to the Department of Community Health; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Thomas, Dylan; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Dylan Thomas; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: PAGE, GAEL, and GACTE Day; recognize February 19, 2019. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Professional Association of Georgia Educators (PAGE), Georgia Association of Educational Leaders (GAEL), and Georgia Association of Colleges for Teacher Education (GACTE) and recognizing February 19, 2019, as PAGE, GAEL, and GACTE Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Albany-Dougherty County Day; recognize February 20, 2019. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Albany Area Chamber of Commerce and recognizing February 20, 2019, as Albany-Dougherty County Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Black Women & Girls Awareness Day; recognize April 30, 2019. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Congressional Caucus on Black Women & Girls and recognizing April 30, 2019, as Black Women & Girls Awareness Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Emergency Medical Services Recognition Day; recognize February 21, 2019. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 21, 2019, as Emergency Medical Services Recognition Day at the state capitol and commending the emergency medical services professionals of Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Rural Health Day; recognize February 27, 2019. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Georgia Rural Health Association and recognizing February 27, 2019, as Rural Health Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Joint Study Committee on Evaluating and Simplifying Physician Oversight of Midlevel Providers; create. Description: A RESOLUTION creating the Joint Study Committee on Evaluating and Simplifying Physician Oversight of Midlevel Providers; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Henderson, Colonel Eddie; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Colonel Eddie Henderson on his 37-year career with DNR Law Enforcement in service to the citizens of the State of Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Atlanta Motor Speedway Day; recognize February 21, 2019. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Atlanta Motor Speedway for stimulating the economy and providing entertainment and enjoyment to NASCAR fans across the State of Georgia and recognizing February 21, 2019, as Atlanta Motor Speedway Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Alpha Phi Alpha Day; recognize February 21, 2019. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 21, 2019, as Alpha Phi Alpha Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: O'Donoghue, Stephanie; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Stephanie O'Donoghue; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ballard, Katherine; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Katherine Ballard; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Wright, Crystal; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Crystal Wright; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Grady Memorial Hospital; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Grady Memorial Hospital for its commitment to improving the health of our community through its provision of the highest level of medical care and its advocacy for improving the health and quality of life for citizens of Metro Atlanta and Georgia through injury and violence prevention; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dentist's Day; recognize February 20, 2019. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the dentists of Georgia and recognizing their day at the state capitol on February 20, 2019; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Keenan, Vernon M.; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and honoring Vernon M. Keenan for his devotion and service to the Georgia Bureau of Investigation for 45 years; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Town of Cohutta; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and honoring the Town of Cohutta on its historic 50th anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ettel, Mary; honor. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring Mary Ettel of the Project Mail Call Mission; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: State Agencies and Departments; publish their reports to the General Assembly by electronic means; urge. Description: A RESOLUTION urging state agencies and departments to publish or deliver their reports to the General Assembly by electronic means whenever possible; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: STEM Academy; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending STEM Academy; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Paris, Jr., Tom; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Tom Paris, Jr.; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Davis, Roger Ann; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Roger Ann Davis; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Jerusalem; as capital of Israel; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing Jerusalem as the capital of Israel; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: National Guard Day; recognize March 28, 2019. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 28, 2019, as National Guard Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Taiwan; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Taiwan for its relations with the United States and the State of Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Nixon, Jordan; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and recognizing Jordan Nixon; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Atlanta United FC; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Atlanta United FC for winning the 2018 MLS Cup; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Shepherd, Sr., James Harold; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of James Harold Shepherd, Sr., cofounder of the Shepherd Center; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Sheppard, Jim; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Jim Sheppard and congratulating him upon being named 2018 Coroner of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lupus Advocacy Day; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 27, 2019, as Lupus Advocacy Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cybersecurity Career Awareness Year in Georgia; recognize 2019. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing 2019 as Cybersecurity Career Awareness Year in Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Constituent Day; recognize March 1, 2019. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 1, 2019, as Constituent Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hough, James Jackson "Jack"; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of James Jackson "Jack" Hough; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Fowler, Sr., Bob; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Bob Fowler, Sr.; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ifill, Reverend Dr. Earle H.; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Reverend Dr. Earle H. Ifill on the occasion of his retirement; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: PANDAS Awareness Day; recognize October 9, 2019. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing October 9, 2019, as PANDAS Awareness Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Mercer University School of Law; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Mercer University School of Law for its commitment to higher education; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Smokey Bear; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Smokey Bear on his 75th birthday; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Cattlemen's Association; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the Georgia Cattlemen's Association for uniting and advancing Georgia's cattle industry; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: United States Congress; call a convention; limit on the number of terms that a person may be elected; United States House of Representatives; request. Description: A RESOLUTION requesting that the United States Congress call a convention under Article V of the Constitution of the United States limited to proposing an amendment to the Constitution of the United States to set a limit on the number of terms that a person may be elected as a member of the United States House of Representatives and to set a limit on the number of terms that a person may be elected as a member of the United States Senate; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: PlanFirst Program; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the PlanFirst program; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Nowruz as the Persian New Year on March 21, 2019; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing Nowruz as the Persian New Year on March 21st, 2019, an occasion with Iranian origins but observed by diverse people all over the world; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Gainesville High School; salute. Description: A RESOLUTION saluting the 125th graduating class of Gainesville High School; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Carter, Donald "Don" J.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Donald "Don" J. Carter; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Peanut Butter and Jelly Day; recognize March 4, 2019. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Georgia peanut industry and recognizing March 4, 2019, as Peanut Butter and Jelly Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Campbell, Ann-Marie; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Ann-Marie Campbell; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Smith, William Ralph "Skipper"; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending William Ralph "Skipper" Smith; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Smith, Bobby Ray; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Bobby Ray Smith upon the grand occasion of his retirement; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Morris Brown College Day; recognize March 14, 2019. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 14, 2019, as Morris Brown College Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Patient-Centered Physicians Coalition of Georgia Day; recognize February 28, 2019. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 28, 2019, as Patient-Centered Physicians Coalition of Georgia Day and the importance of an adequate workforce of primary care and maternity care physicians in our state; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Semanson, Laura; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Forsyth County Board of Commissioners Chairwoman Laura Semanson; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Harris, Judy Cecelia; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Judy Cecelia Harris; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Burkhalter, Jr., Herbert J. "Bubba"; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Herbert J. "Bubba" Burkhalter, Jr.; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Marry-Daniel, Captain Juanita; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Captain Juanita Marry-Daniel for her dedicated service to her community; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Adams, Corporal Brian; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Corporal Brian Adams of the Georgia Department of Natural Resources on being named 2018 Officer of the Year by the North American Wildlife Enforcement Officers Association; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Davis, Oliver; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Oliver Davis for his dedication to the youth of the greater Columbus area and for his generous contributions to his community; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Reese, Steve; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Steve Reese for his dedication to the youth of the greater Columbus area and for his generous contributions to his community; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jackson, Billy; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Billy Jackson for his dedication to the youth of the greater Columbus area and for his generous contributions to his community; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Columbus Day; recognize March 5, 2019. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 5, 2019, as Columbus Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Sistrunk, Otis; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Otis Sistrunk for his dedication to the youth of the greater Columbus area and for his generous contributions to his community; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lamar, Mayor Tony; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Mayor Tony Lamar; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hill, Mayor Bruce; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Mayor Bruce Hill; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Shidlovsky, Mr. Pavel; welcome. Description: A RESOLUTION welcoming Mr. Pavel Shidlovsky to the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Joint Emergency Medical Services Study Committee; create. Description: A RESOLUTION creating the Joint Emergency Medical Services Study Committee; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Georgia High School Association; assessment of its operations and practices; encourage. Description: A RESOLUTION encouraging the Georgia High School Association to perform a thorough assessment of its operations and practices; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Remley, Roxie; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Roxie Remley; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Andrews, David; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending David Andrews; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Chapter of the National Council of Negro Women; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Georgia Chapter of the National Council of Negro Women; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ware, Jr., Willie James "Bill"; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Willie James "Bill" Ware, Jr.; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hickey, Barbara; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Barbara Hickey; and for other purposes
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Johnson, Paul Burke; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Paul Burke Johnson; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Chafin III, Judge James; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Judge James Chafin III upon the grand occasion of his retirement; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Joint Innovation and Emerging Technologies Study Committee; create. Description: A RESOLUTION creating the Joint Innovation and Emerging Technologies Study Committee; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Congress; eliminate five-month waiting period for disability insurance benefits for individuals living with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS); urge. Description: A RESOLUTION urging Congress to eliminate the five-month waiting period for disability insurance benefits for individuals living with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS); and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Rozmajzl, Katerina; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Katerina Rozmajzl, Miss Georgia 2019; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Blackmon, Larry Scott; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Larry Scott Blackmon; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ewing, Steven R.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending, Steven R. Ewing; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Handy, Joe; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Joe Handy; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Tour, Amir Jamal; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Amir Jamal Tour for his dedication to preserving and sharing African history and culture; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Richards, Jr.; David Forest; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending David Forest Richards, Jr.; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dortch, Jr.; Thomas W.; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Thomas W. Dortch, Jr., on his outstanding public service; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Greene, Todd; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing Todd Greene for his outstanding accomplishments in the sport of baseball; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Civil Air Patrol; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the Civil Air Patrol for their service to the citizens of Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Sigma Nu Fraternity; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Sigma Nu Fraternity, Inc., as they celebrate 150 years of commitment in love, honor, and truth on April 25, 2019, at the Atlanta History Center; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Health Information Technology Day; recognize March 7, 2019. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 7, 2019, as Health Information Technology Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bryant, Harriett; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Harriett Bryant; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Sneed, Michelle; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Michelle Sneed; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bowen, Esquire, Charles "Bo"; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Charles "Bo" Bowen, Esquire, for his contributions to the entertainment industry of Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ward, Dallas; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dallas Ward for her outstanding achievement as a successful national champion clay shooter; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jones, Dr. Curtis; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and honoring Dr. Curtis Jones upon being named the 2019 National Superintendent of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Aerospace Industry; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Georgia Aerospace Industry for its significant beneficial impact to the people and economy of the State of Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Johnson, Charles; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Charles Johnson for his outstanding contributions to advocacy and awareness of maternal health concerns facing Georgia families; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: National Hunting and Fishing Day; recognize September 28, 2019; urge. Description: A RESOLUTION urging the House and Senate to recognize Saturday, September 28, 2019, as National Hunting and Fishing Day in the State of Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ward, Mother Mary Eliza Walker; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Mother Mary Eliza Walker Ward; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Mills, Ann; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Ann Mills for receiving the 2019 Georgia Women's Legislative Caucus Yellow Rose and Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Richmond-Shockley, Eslene; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Eslene Richmond-Shockley for receiving the 2019 Georgia Women's Legislative Caucus Yellow Rose and Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Chandler Equipment; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating Chandler Equipment on the grand occasion of its 50th anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Senate Athletic Association Study Committee; create. Description: A RESOLUTION creating the Senate Athletic Association Study Committee; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Duke, Nellie Dunaway; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Nellie Dunaway Duke; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Evermore Community Improvement District; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Evermore Community Improvement District on its being voted Best of Gwinnett in 2018; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Flores, Officer Edgar Isidro; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Officer Edgar Isidro Flores; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Shillow, Jr., Dr. Fred; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dr. Fred Shillow, Jr., on the occasion of his 22nd pastoral anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Smith, Bishop Dreyfus C.; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Bishop Dreyfus C. Smith on the occasion of Wings of Faith Ministries' 30th anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Spelman College Day; recognize March 8, 2019. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 8, 2019, as Spelman College Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Thomas, Jr., Reverend Norman H.; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Reverend Norman H. Thomas, Jr., on the occasion of his 10th pastoral anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Celebrating Woman in Public Office Day; recognize March 19, 2019. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 19, 2019, as Celebrating Women in Public Office Day; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Gammage, Keith E.; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Keith E. Gammage; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ramsey Furniture Company; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating Ramsey Furniture Company upon the grand occasion of its 100th anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Fitzpatrick, Lord and Virginia; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating Lord and Virginia Fitzpatrick on the occasion of their 75th wedding anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Schrader, Ph.D, Edward L.; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Edward L. Schrader, Ph.D., for his lifetime of service; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Senate Commission on Freight, Innovation, and Logistics; create. Description: A RESOLUTION creating the Senate Commission on Freight, Innovation, and Logistics; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Coe, Levi; Henderson, Josiah; McKeehan; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Levi Coe, Josiah Henderson, and Cole McKeehan; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: 2019 St. Patrick's Day Parade Committee; members; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the members of the 2019 St. Patrick's Day Parade Committee, General Chairman Lawrence E. Edgerly, and the Grand Marshal of the 2019 St. Patrick's Day Parade, Gerald Patrick Counihan, Sr., on the upcoming occasion of the 2019 St. Patrick's Day Parade in Savannah, Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Smith, Dr. Jane E.; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dr. Jane E. Smith on her outstanding public service; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Senate Study Committee on Portable Benefits for Independent Workers; create. Description: A RESOLUTION creating the Senate Study Committee on Portable Benefits for Independent Workers; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Peachtree City's 60th Anniversary; celebrate. Description: A RESOLUTION celebrating Peachtree City's 60th Anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Edge Jr., William M. "Bill"; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending William M. "Bill" Edge, Jr., on the grand occasion of his retirement; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Hearing Day; recognize March 19, 2019. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 19, 2019, as Georgia Hearing Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Morris, Kevin; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Kevin Morris on the occasion of being selected as a Marshall Scholar; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Brookwood High School Boys and Girls Swim and Dive Teams; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Brookwood High School boys and girls swim and dive teams; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Collins, Coach Geoff; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Coach Geoff Collins upon his selection as head coach of the Georgia Tech football team; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: March First Movement; recognize the 100th Anniversary. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the 100th Anniversary of the March First Movement and Korea's declaration of independence from the Empire of Japan; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Holley, Pauline Jackson; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Pauline Jackson Holley; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: The Arc Georgia Day; recognize March 13, 2019. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 13, 2019, as The Arc Georgia Day at the state capitol; and commending the contributions of The Arc Georgia's local chapters, members, and community supporters who work alongside those with intellectual disabilities and/or developmental disabilities; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Holi as the Hindu Spring Festival; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing Holi as the Hindu spring festival which is celebrated all around the world on March 21, 2019, including in the State of Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Korean Veterans; honor. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring Korean veterans who served in the Vietnam War and recognizing the Korean Vietnam Veterans Association of the United States of America; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Brown, Josephine Burdette; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Josephine Burdette Brown for her outstanding public service; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Merrilles, Cassandra; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Cassandra Merrilles for receiving the 2019 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: United States Congress; oppose the Green New Deal; urge. Description: A RESOLUTION urging the United States Congress to oppose the Green New Deal; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Black, Twanda; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Twanda Black; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Littel, Joyce; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing Joyce Littel; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Mia, Mama; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and recognizing Mama Mia for her successful career in the field of radio broadcasting; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hobby, Jenn; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Jenn Hobby for 19 years of broadcasting and programming excellence; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: McBee, Jazzy; commend. Description: RESOLUTION commending and recognizing Jazzy McBee; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Paris, Nancy M.; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating Nancy M. Paris on receiving the Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Gainesville High School; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing Gainesville High School on the grand occasion of its 125th anniversary and commending its distinguished graduates; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cunningham, Joe; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Joe Cunningham; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dunagan, Bobby Stanley; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Bobby Stanley Dunagan; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: American Peanut Shellers Association; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and recognizing the great leadership of the American Peanut Shellers Association; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Senate Study Committee on Community Schools; create. Description: A RESOLUTION creating the Senate Study Committee on Community Schools; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Children's Day; recognize March 22, 2019. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 22, 2019, as Children's Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Chafin III, Judge James; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Judge James Chafin III upon the grand occasion of his retirement; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Marion County Girls Basketball Team; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Marion County girls basketball team for winning the 2019 GHSA-A state championship; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Woods, M.D., M.P.H., Kevin E.; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Kevin E. Woods, M.D., M.P.H.; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Mercer University School of Medicine; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Mercer University School of Medicine for its commitment to higher education; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Aerospace Day; recognize February 28, 2019. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the Middle Georgia State University School of Aviation and recognizing February 28, 2019, as Aerospace Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Teenage Republican (GATRs) program; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Georgia Teenage Republican (GATRs) program; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Type I Diabetes Day; recognize March 14, 2019. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Georgia residents who have Type 1 Diabetes and whose families continually educate and advocate and recognizing March 14, 2019, as Type 1 Diabetes Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Stephens, Shane; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Shane Stephens, Consul General of Ireland; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Stanton, David; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending David Stanton, Ireland's Government Minister for Equality, Immigration, and Integration; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Trump, President Donald J.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending President Donald J. Trump; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Senate Passenger Vehicle Seat Safety Belt Study Committee; create. Description: A RESOLUTION creating the Senate Passenger Vehicle Seat Safety Belt Study Committee; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Senate Gaming and Pari-mutuel Wagering on Horse Racing and Growing Georgia's Equine Industry Study Committee; create. Description: A RESOLUTION to create the Senate Gaming and Pari-mutuel Wagering on Horse Racing and Growing Georgia's Equine Industry Study Committee; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Poole, Allen; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Allen Poole for his outstanding public service; and for other
In 2019, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Department of Natural Resources; recognize September 28, 2019 as National Hunting and Fishing Day in the state of Georgia; urge. Description: A RESOLUTION urging the Department of Natural Resources to recognize Saturday, September 28, 2019, as National Hunting and Fishing Day in the State of Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: City of Stockbridge; honor. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the City of Stockbridge, Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Senate Protections From Sexual Predators Study Committee; create. Description: A RESOLUTION creating the Senate Protections From Sexual Predators Study Committee; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: American Legion Post 239; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending American Legion Post 239 and celebrating The American Legion on the occasion of its centennial anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hicks, Ken; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Ken Hicks; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dr. G. P. "Bud" Peterson retirement; president of Georgia Tech; recognize and commend. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dr. G.P. "Bud" Peterson upon his retirement as president of Georgia Tech; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: President and U.S. Congress; citizenship of internationally adopted adults; enact legislation; urge. Description: A RESOLUTION urging the President of the United States and the United States Congress to enact legislation securing the citizenship of internationally adopted adult individuals; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Sharon Elementary Robo Knights; Georgia FLL State Championship; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Sharon Elementary Robo Knights for winning the Georgia FLL State Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Carver High School Boys Basketball Team; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Carver High School boys basketball team for winning the 2019 GHSA 4A State Basketball Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Carver High School Girls Basketball Team; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Carver High School girls basketball team for winning the 2019 GHSA 4A State Basketball Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: King, Jr., Lonnie C.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Lonnie C. King, Jr.; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Winburn, Mattilyn "Mattie"; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Mattilyn "Mattie" Winburn; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dixon Grove Baptist Church; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dixon Grove Baptist Church on the occasion of its 63rd anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Burkhalter, J. Mark; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending J. Mark Burkhalter for his dedicated service to Johns Creek and the State of Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Rotary Club of Claxton; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Rotary Club of Claxton on its 80th anniversary and for its continued service in the community, the State of Georgia, and around the world; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Reaves, Chris and Jana; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing Chris and Jana Reaves for being selected as the 2019 Adoptive Parents of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lawson, Alton W.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Alton W. Lawson; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Williams, Jr., G. T. "Tom"; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending G.T. "Tom" Williams, Jr., on his longtime service and leadership; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Excel Church; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Excel Church; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Smith, Pastor K. Francis; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Pastor K. Francis Smith; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cooper, J. Melvin; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending J. Melvin Cooper on his outstanding public service as Director of Gainesville Parks and Recreation; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Smith, David; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the distinguished career and retirement of David Smith of Center Point; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Peevy, Senator Donn M.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Senator Donn M. Peevy; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cooper, Officer Matthew Bernard; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Officer Matthew Bernard Cooper; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Grady High School Speech and Debate Team; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Grady High School speech and debate team on winning its tenth consecutive state championship; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Scott, Senator Al; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Senator Al Scott on his outstanding public service; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dozier, Dr. Cheryl Davenport; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dr. Cheryl Davenport Dozier for her outstanding public service; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Pinckney, Esther Mae; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Esther Mae Pinckney; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lyme Disease Awareness Month; recognize May, 2019. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing May, 2019, as Lyme Disease Awareness Month at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Arab American Heritage Month; recognize April, 2019. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the contributions of Arab Americans and recognizing April, 2019, as Arab American Heritage Month at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Beth Farokhi; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and legacy of Beth Farokhi for her selfless community advocacy, civic engagement, and public service; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Miss Georgia Peach Scholarship Pageant; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Miss Georgia Peach Scholarship Pageant and the 2018 Georgia Peach Queens; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Calhoun County High School Boys Basketball Team; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Calhoun County High School boys basketball team for winning the 2019 GHSA 1A State Basketball Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Calhoun County High Schools Girls Basketball Team; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Calhoun County High School girls basketball team for placing second in the 2019 GHSA 1A State Basketball Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Williams, Dick; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dick Williams on his outstanding public service; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia's Working Forests and Forest Products Industries; sustainability and economic importance; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the sustainability and economic importance of Georgia's working forests and forest products industries in honor of the United Nations International Day of Forests on March 21; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jones, Corporal Cody; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Corporal Cody Jones of the Georgia Department of Natural Resources Law Enforcement Division on being named 2018 Game Warden of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Owens, Erial; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing Erial Owens for her outstanding accomplishments in the sport of basketball; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Pottery Artisans of Gillsville; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and saluting the talented pottery artisans of Gillsville; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: 2019 Senate Aides and Senate Academic Aides; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the 2019 Senate Aides and Senate Academic Aides for their exemplary service; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bryant, Dr. Jamal Harrison; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dr. Jamal Harrison Bryant; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dyer, Coach Ryan; North Paulding County High School boys basketball team; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Coach Ryan Dyer and the North Paulding County High School boys basketball team for winning the 2019 All County State Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Green, Coach Scott; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Coach Scott Green of the North Paulding girls basketball team for winning Coach of the Year, All County awards for the 2018-2019 season; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cook, John; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing John Cook for his outstanding accomplishments in the sport of basketball; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Smith, Imani; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing Imani Smith for her outstanding accomplishments in the sport of basketball; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Harris, Jacob; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing Jacob Harris for his outstanding accomplishments in the sport of basketball; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Long-Term Care Ombudsman Program; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Georgia Long-Term Care Ombudsman Program for 40 years of advocacy for older Georgians and individuals with disabilities who reside in long-term care facilities; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Tri-Cities High School Boys Basketball Team; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Tri-Cities High School boys basketball team for winning the 2018-2019 GHSA 6A State Basketball Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cooper, Danielle; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Danielle Cooper, Aaron Cohn Middle School's 2019 Teacher of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Atkins, Storie; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Storie Atkins, Columbus High School's 2019 Teacher of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Byrd, Kunicko; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Kunicko Byrd, Carver High School's 2019 Teacher of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Gillespie, Shalon; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Shalon Gillespie, Blackmon Road Middle School's 2019 Teacher of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Irvin, Dacia; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Dacia Irvin, Baker Middle School's 2019 Teacher of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ring, Steven; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Steven Ring, Mathews Elementary School's 2019 Teacher of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Roberts, Kelly; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Kelly Roberts, St. Elmo Center for the Gifted's 2019 Teacher of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Salgado, Olivia; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Olivia Salgado, Eagle Ridge Academy's 2019 Teacher of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Teasley, Natalie; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Natalie Teasley, Northside High School's 2019 Teacher of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Culverson, Katherine; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Katherine Culverson, Arnold Magnet Academy's 2019 Teacher of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Senate Reducing Waste in Health Care Study Committee; create. Description: A RESOLUTION creating the Senate Reducing Waste in Health Care Study Committee; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Human Trafficking; transport in and around metro Atlanta; implement recognizable brand; resolve the issues. Description: A RESOLUTION resolving the issues surrounding human trafficking and transport in and around Metropolitan Atlanta by implementing a recognizable brand bridging awareness with safety and rescue; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Senate Reducing Georgia's Cost of Doing Business Study Committee; create. Description: A RESOLUTION creating the Senate Reducing Georgia's Cost of Doing Business Study Committee; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Kings Bay Naval Submarine Base; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Kings Bay Naval Submarine Base; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Murphy, Rodney, Sr.; honor. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Rodney Murphy, Sr.; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Council for Quality Growth Day; recognize March 26, 2019. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 26, 2019, as Council for Quality Growth Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lewis, Thomas Carlton; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Thomas Carlton Lewis on his retirement from Georgia State University; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Lineman Appreciation Day; recognize April 8, 2019. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Georgia's linemen and recognizing April 8, 2019, as Georgia Lineman Appreciation Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Senate Study Committee on Creating a Georgia Agricultural Marketing Authority; create. Description: A RESOLUTION creating the Senate Study Committee on Creating a Georgia Agricultural Marketing Authority; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Chan, Dr. Billy C.; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dr. Billy C. Chan on his outstanding public service and for contributing to the arena of medical simulation; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dorsey, Dr. Joyce; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dr. Joyce Dorsey; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Galloway, Phoebe; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Phoebe Galloway and Team Phoebe; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Parker, Dr. Aaron L.; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dr. Aaron L. Parker, on the occasion of his 25th pastoral anniversary at Zion Hill Baptist Church; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Johnson High School Girls Basketball Team; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Johnson High School girls basketball team for winning the 2019 GHSA 3A State Basketball Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Westlake High School Girls Basketball Team; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Westlake High School girls basketball team for winning the 2019 GHSA 7A State Basketball Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Crawford, Tom; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Tom Crawford; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Katz, Ira; honor. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring and commending Ira Katz for his knowledge, preparation, and commitment to his community; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Senate Study Committee on the Financial Efficiency Star Rating (FESR); create. Description: A RESOLUTION creating the Senate Study Committee on the Financial Efficiency Star Rating (FESR); and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Golf Course Superintendents Association; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Georgia Golf Course Superintendents Association for the development of the Best Management Practices for Georgia Golf Courses; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Savannah College of Art and Design; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Savannah College of Art and Design; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Children's Healthcare of Atlanta Therapy Dogs; "Canines For Kids"; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Children's Healthcare of Atlanta's therapy dogs known as "Canines For Kids," and for the retirement of their first therapy dog, Casper; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Senate; all persons testifying tell the truth; providing bans on persons found to have lied; request. Description: A RESOLUTION requesting that all persons testifying before the Senate tell the truth; providing for bans on persons found to have lied to the Senate from providing future testimony to the Senate; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Senate Agriculture, Forestry, and Landscape Workforce Access Study Committee; create. Description: A RESOLUTION creating the Senate Agriculture, Forestry, and Landscape Workforce Access Study Committee; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia National Fairgrounds and Agricenter; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Georgia National Fairgrounds and Agricenter; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hart, Mark Tracey; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Mark Tracey Hart; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Student Government Associations and Student Councils of Henry County; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Student Government Associations and Student Councils of Henry County; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Senate Higher Education Outcomes Study Committee; create. Description: A RESOLUTION creating the Senate Higher Education Outcomes Study Committee; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Senate Rules; adopt. Description: A RESOLUTION adopting the Rules of the Senate; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: WWII Merrill's Marauders Mission; commend 75th anniversary; US congress to award Congressional Gold Medal; urge. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the 75th anniversary of the WWII Merrill's Marauders mission and urging the United States Congress to award the Congressional Gold Medal; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Doyle, J. Griffin; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending J. Griffin Doyle upon the grand occasion of his retirement; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Senate Study Committee on Educational Development of African American Children in Georgia; create. Description: A RESOLUTION creating the Senate Study Committee on the Educational Development of African American Children in Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Poland; regaining its independence; recognize 100th anniversary. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the 100th anniversary of Poland regaining its independence; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Senate Study Committee on Music Workforce Development; create. Description: A RESOLUTION creating the Senate Study Committee on Music Workforce Development; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Nelson III, Judge George Carey; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Judge George Carey Nelson III; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: White, Lester; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Lester White; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Wilson, Clarence; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Clarence Wilson on his outstanding public service as a broadcaster; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Williams, Ronald; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Ronald Williams; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Morrison, Jr., Howard Jackson; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Howard Jackson Morrison, Jr.; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Purebred Dog Day; recognize May 1. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the benefits and contributions of purebred dogs to the State of Georgia and recognizing May 1 as Georgia Purebred Dog Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Stanley, Sue Lue; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Sue Lue Stanley; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Senate Evaluating E-Scooters and Other Innovative Mobility Options for Georgians Study Committee; create. Description: A RESOLUTION creating the Senate Evaluating E-scooters and Other Innovative Mobility Options for Georgians Study Committee; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bell, Liam; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Liam Bell; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lee, Jr., Gary Alfred; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Gary Alfred Lee, Jr., and recognizing Gary Lee's Market; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Senate Study Committee on Georgia County Boards of Elections and Registration; create. Description: A RESOLUTION creating the Senate Study Committee on Georgia County Boards of Elections and Registration; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: McEachern High School Varsity Boys Basketball Team; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the McEachern High School varsity boys basketball team for winning the 2018-2019 GHSA 7A Boys State Basketball Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Erlich, Henry; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Henry Erlich on the grand occasion of his 100th birthday; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Mangrum, Jonathan; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Jonathan Mangrum on being selected as a David L. Boren Scholar; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hartley, Cliff; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Cliff Hartley on his outstanding public service with the Georgia Department of Corrections; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jones, John; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending John Jones on winning the Class AAAA GHSA Wrestling State Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Scott, Jr., Reverend Dr. Marlon D.; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Reverend Dr. Marlon D. Scott, Jr.; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hand, Jr., Captain Bobby L.; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Captain Bobby L. Hand, Jr.; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Yow, Jr., Hubert "Skip"; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Hubert "Skip" Yow, Jr.; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Daniels, Rita; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Rita Daniels on her long career of education outreach; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: McDonald, III, Reverend Timothy; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Reverend Timothy McDonald III; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: SwemLyfe; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending SwemLyfe on launching the SwemKids program; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Purvis, James Henry; celebrate; celebrate. Description: A RESOLUTION celebrating the birth of James Henry Purvis; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ray, Jada; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating Jada Ray; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Clayton, Xernona; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Xernona Clayton; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Human Trafficking; transport in and around metro Atlanta; implement recognizable brand; resolve the issues. Description: A RESOLUTION resolving the issues surrounding human trafficking and transport in and around Metropolitan Atlanta by implementing a recognizable brand bridging awareness with safety and rescue; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Morrison, Ms. Mary; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Ms. Mary Morrison as a distinguished best-selling author; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Smiley, Mr. Rickey; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Mr. Rickey Smiley for his professional talents and philanthropic work; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Therrell High School Panthers Boys Basketball Team; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Therrell High School Panthers boys basketball team for winning the 2018-2019 GHSA 2A State Basketball Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: AJC Peachtree Road Race; honor. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring and commemorating the AJC Peachtree Road Race; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Waddell, Colonel Dewey Wayne; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Colonel Dewey Wayne Waddell for his service to the United States Air Force and the State of Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Gibson, John Strickland; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring and remembering the life of John Strickland Gibson; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Charter of Local 613 of the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers; honor. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the 100th Anniversary of the installation of the Charter of Local 613 of the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers and recognizing the impacts and achievements of this IBEW Local in the City of Atlanta and in the State of Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Curry, Dr. Carolyn; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dr. Carolyn Curry on her outstanding public service; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Smith, A. Michelle; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending A. Michelle Smith for her many contributions to society and celebrating Women's History Month; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Phoenix Air Employees; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the heroic and valiant actions as seen by the Phoenix Air employees involved with the extraction of U.S. State Department employees from the hostile environment in Caracas, Venezuela; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dade County High School Advanced Mechatronic Group; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Dade County High School advanced mechatronics group for designing and assembling a six-foot 3-D replica of a lake Sturgeon for the Tennessee Aquarium Conservation Institute; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Adams, Brandon; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Brandon Adams; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Pierro, Sharon V.; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Sharon V. Pierro and celebrating Women's History Month; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Williams, James "Bouncer"; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending James "Bouncer" Williams; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Choo-Choo Bar-B-Que & Grill in Chickamauga, Georgia; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Choo-Choo Bar-B-Que & Grill in Chickamauga, Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Thatcher's Barbecue and Grill in Trenton, Georgia; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Thatcher's Barbecue and Grill in Trenton, Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Greg's Restaurant in Chickamauga, Georgia; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Greg's Restaurant in Chickamauga, Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Park Place Restaurant in Fort Oglethorpe, Georgia; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Park Place Restaurant in Fort Oglethorpe, Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: McCoughtry, Angel; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Angel McCoughtry; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Senate Study Committee on Midwifery Practices; create. Description: A RESOLUTION creating the Senate Study Committee on Midwifery Practices; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Stevens, John Franklin; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of John Franklin Stevens; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Woodward Academy War Eagles Wrestling Team; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Woodward Academy War Eagles wrestling team for winning the 2019 GHSA AAAA Team Dual Wrestling State Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Westlake High School Girls Basketball Team; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Westlake High School girls basketball team for winning the 2019 GHSA 7A State Basketball Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ragsdale, Gregory Wayne; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Gregory Wayne Ragsdale; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Frederick Douglass High School Girls Basketball Team; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Frederick Douglass High School girls basketball team for winning the 2019 GHSA 2A State Basketball Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Fambrough, Monica; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and recognizing Monica Fambrough; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Henderson, Nicole; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Nicole Henderson; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia State University Panthers Men's Basketball Team; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Georgia State University Panthers Men's Basketball Team for its victory in the 2019 Sun Belt Conference Tournament and advancement to the NCAA tournament; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Weinhardt, Suzette, recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Suzette Weinhardt for being named a finalist for the prestigious Georgia Teacher of the Year Award; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Civil War Commission Art and Essay Contest Winners; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the winners of the Georgia Civil War Commission Art and Essay Contest; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Real Life Center; limitless, positive impact in the counties of Fayette and Coweta; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Real Life Center and their limitless, positive impact in the Counties of Fayette and Coweta; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: McQueen, James Pete; honor. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of James Pete McQueen; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jonesboro High School Mock Trial Team; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Jonesboro High School Mock Trial team for winning the 2019 Georgia State Mock Trial Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2019, Georgia passed a bill titled: City of Cobbtown, Georgia; centennial anniversary; commemorate. Description: A RESOLUTION commemorating the centennial anniversary of the City of Cobbtown, Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Senate Convened; notify House of Representatives. Description: A RESOLUTION to notify the House of Representatives that the Senate has convened; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: General Assembly Convened; notify the Governor. Description: A RESOLUTION to notify the Governor that the General Assembly has convened; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Clayton State University Day; recognize January 14, 2020. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Clayton State University upon the grand occasion of its 50th anniversary and recognizing January 14, 2020, as Clayton State University Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Reisman M.D., Andrew B.; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Andrew B. Reisman M.D.; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Office of the State of Georgia in Japan; 46th anniversary; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the long and steady friendship between Georgia and Japan as shown by the 46th anniversary of the Office of the State of Georgia in Japan; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Greene, Eva Jewell; Lane, Mamie Ella; honoring. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the lives and memory of Eva Jewell Greene and Mamie Ella Lane; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Marietta High School Football Team, Coach Rich Morgan, Superintendent Grant Rivera; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Marietta High School Football Team, Coach Rich Morgan, and Superintendent Grant Rivera for winning the 2019-2020 GHSA Class 7A State Football Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bacon, Max; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Max Bacon on his outstanding public service; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: 2020 Atlanta Braves; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the 2020 Atlanta Braves and the team's award-winning players and manager; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Birth Safety Awareness Day; recognize March 16, 2020. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 16, 2020, as Birth Safety Awareness Day at the state capitol in recognition of Kason Choice and Robin Rohe-Oji, two children in recovery from severe birth injuries, and their families; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Bailey, Ms. Dottie; commend; Mental Health Alert Wristband; local law enforcement agencies to purchase and freely distribute; encourage. Description: A RESOLUTION encouraging local law enforcement agencies, psychiatric facilities, doctors, and therapists to purchase and freely distribute Mental Health Alert Wristbands to those suffering from mental illness; commending Ms. Dottie Bailey for developing the Mental Health Alert Wristband; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Service Providers Association for Developmental Disabilities (SPADD); members; honoring. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring and commending the individual member organizations and their staff. as members of Service Providers Association for Developmental Disabilities (SPADD) and celebrating their day at the Capitol on January 16, 2020; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ross, Laura; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Laura Ross, the American School Counselor Association's 2020 School Counselor of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hall Jr., Dr. Esco; honoring. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring and recognizing the life and memory of Dr. Esco Hall Jr.; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Kumar, Agni; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Agni Kumar; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Columbia County's River Ridge Elementary School's River Ridge 3 Theater Team and ILM Academy's ILMSmarts Middle School Visual Arts Team; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Columbia County's River Ridge Elementary School's River Ridge 3 Theater Team and ILM Academy's ILMSmarts Middle School Visual Arts Team as grand prize winners of the Augusta University 2019 STEAMIFY Competition; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Together Georgia Day; recognize January 29, 2020. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Together Georgia and recognizing January 29, 2020, as Together Georgia Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Iran; protest the hostile actions of the Iranian regime without subjection to violent retaliation; support the rights of the people of Iran. Description: A RESOLUTION supporting the rights of the people of Iran to protest the hostile actions of the Iranian regime without subjection to violent retaliation or retribution from their government and the efforts of the Iranian people to bring effective democracy to their nation; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Botchwey, Niara; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Niara Botchwey on her exceptional academic achievements; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Banks County High School's Lady Leopards; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Banks County High School's Lady Leopards for securing the Class 2A state title; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Phillips, Toni; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Toni Phillips, Clayton County Public Schools' 2019-2020 Teacher of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Macedonia Missionary Baptist Church; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Macedonia Missionary Baptist Church on the grand occasion of its 150th anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Rampy Jr., Lester Lawton; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Lester Lawton Rampy Jr.; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Family and Consumer Sciences; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing Family and Consumer Sciences; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: African American Music Appreciation Month; recognize June 2020. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing June, 2020, as African American Music Appreciation Month; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Science Teachers Association; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Georgia Science Teachers Association; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Blue Key Day 2020; recognize University of Georgia Chapter of Blue Key National Honor Society. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the University of Georgia Chapter of Blue Key National Honor Society on the occasion of Georgia Blue Key Day 2020 at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Association of Convenience Stores; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Georgia Association of Convenience Stores and its members for their work in eradicating human trafficking; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: McCraw, Annette; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Annette McCraw, Clayton County Public Schools' 2019-2020 Support Professional of the Year-Certified; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Blackwood, Kim; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Kim Blackwood, Clayton County Public Schools' 2019-2020 Support Professional of the Year-Classified; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Chaney, Dr. Shakeria; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Dr. Shakeria Chaney, Clayton County Public Schools' 2019-2020 Support Leader of the Year-Certified; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dugger, Dr. Kimberly; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Dr. Kimberly Dugger, Clayton County Public Schools' 2019-2020 Principal of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Holston, Marcus; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Marcus Holston, Clayton County Public Schools' 2019-2020 Support Professional of the Year-Classified; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Wing, Kerensa; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Kerensa Wing on her 30 years of service to Gwinnett County Public Schools; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lunar New Year Celebration; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the Lunar New Year Celebration; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: International Holocaust Remembrance Day; recognize January 27, 2020. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing January 27, 2020, as International Holocaust Remembrance Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Martin, Jonathan Calvin "Ricky"; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Jonathan Calvin "Ricky" Martin; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Martin, Barbara Ann; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Barbara Ann Martin; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ganesh, Ananya; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Ananya Ganesh; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Senate and the Georgia Economic Developers Association; efforts to improve the economic development climate; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Georgia Senate and the Georgia Economic Developers Association on their efforts to improve the economic development climate of the State of Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Academy of Audiology Day; recognize January 28, 2020. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Georgia Academy of Audiology and recognizing January, 28, 2020, as Georgia Academy of Audiology Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Gatewood Varsity Football Team; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Gatewood Varsity Football Team for winning the 2019-2020 GISA Class AA State Football Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Tyre, Reverend Dr. Gene; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Reverend Dr. Gene Tyre on the occasion of his 60th pastoral anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Atlanta Jewish Film Festival; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Atlanta Jewish Film Festival and recognizing its 20th anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: League of Women Voters of Georgia; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the League of Women Voters of Georgia on the grand occasion of its 100th anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Mitchell, Benjamin; condolence. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Benjamin Mitchell; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Conservative Policy Leadership Institute; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Conservative Policy Leadership Institute; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Academy of Anesthesiologist Assistants Day; recognize January 28, 2020. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing January 28, 2020, as the Georgia Academy of Anesthesiologist Assistants Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Wheeler Sr., Morgan D.; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Morgan D. Wheeler Sr. on his outstanding public service; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Career Technical Student Organization's (CTSO) Day; recognize February 13, 2020. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Georgia's nationally recognized Career, Technical, and Agricultural Education program and the educators whose expertise prepares hundreds of thousands of Georgia students for college and the workforce each year and during Career and Technical education Month in February, and CTSO Day at the state capitol on February 13, 2020; and for other purposes
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dyslexia Day; recognize February 11, 2020. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 11, 2020, as Dyslexia Day at the state capitol and urging schools, local educational agencies, and the state educational agency to address the profound educational impact of dyslexia; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: McHugh, Pastor Scott Wayne; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Pastor Scott Wayne McHugh; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Council of Teachers of Mathematics; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and congratulating the Georgia Council of Teachers of Mathematics on the grand occasion of its 60th anniversary on February 4, 2020; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Federation of Democratic Women in Blue Day; recognize February 11, 2020. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 11, 2020, as Georgia Federation of Democratic Women in Blue Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Columbus Day; recognize February 18, 2020. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 18, 2020, as Columbus Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Leonard, Chuck; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Chuck Leonard on his outstanding service as a local news anchor; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Marion County's Football Team; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Marion County's football team; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Roberts, Jessica Nicole; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Jessica Nicole Roberts, Miss Columbus Outstanding Teen 2020; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Rutledge, Wanda; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Wanda Rutledge; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Grier, Martha Ann Brown; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Martha Ann Brown Grier; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Holder, Lonnie; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Lonnie Holder on his outstanding service as Chief of Reynolds Police Department; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: American Automobile Association (AAA) School Safety Patrol Program; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending the American Automobile Association (AAA) School Safety Patrol Program; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cabrera, Dr. ngel; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Dr. ngel Cabrera as the 12th president of Georgia Tech; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: For Peace I Rise LLC; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending For Peace I Rise LLC, also referred to as For Peace I Rise, The CT Vivian Story as an American Civil Rights Broadway musical produced in Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: College Park Day; recognize February 6, 2020. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 6, 2020, as College Park Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: The African Art and Culture Festival and its CEO/President, Euriel Isioma Hemmerly; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending The African Art and Culture Festival and its CEO/President Euriel Isioma Hemmerly; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Johnson, Senator Leroy; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Senator Leroy Johnson; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hardy, Willie Mae; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Willie Mae Hardy; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: McHenry, Robert Lee; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Robert Lee McHenry; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: State YMCA of Georgia; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the State YMCA of Georgia and its Center for Civic Engagement and "Y" Club programs which sponsor Youth Assembly among other programs that cultivate youth civic engagement; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Violantes, Juan; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Juan Violantes for his outstanding community involvement; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Leadership Cobb Class of 2020; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Leadership Cobb and the Leadership Cobb Class of 2020; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Carswell, Bishop Quincy; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Bishop Quincy Carswell; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Morris Brown College Day; recognize February 5, 2020. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 5, 2020, as Morris Brown College Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Powell, Honorable Emily; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of the Honorable Emily Powell; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Barnhart, Tony; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Tony Barnhart on his outstanding service as a college football reporter and analyst; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Crawford, Terry; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Terry Crawford; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Heritage High School Softball Team; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Heritage High School Softball Team for winning the 2019 Class 4A Georgia High School Association Fast Pitch State Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Houser, Mr. Stephen; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Mr. Stephen Houser for being named the 2020 Georgia Public Librarian of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Smith, Avery "Ava" Cook; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Avery "Ava" Cook Smith for her outstanding public service as Butts County's registrar and elections director for 43 years; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jackson-Butts County Day; recognize January 28, 2020. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing January 28, 2020, as Jackson-Butts County Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: St. Joseph's/Candler Health System's African-American Health Information and Resource Center; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and congratulating St. Joseph's/Candler Health System's African-American Health Information and Resource Center on its completion of two decades of continuous service to the citizens of Savannah and surrounding areas; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Smith Jr., Coach Charlie; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Coach Charlie Smith Jr.; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Scott, Albert J.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Albert J. Scott; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: State Action Day for the National Multiple Sclerosis Society; recognize February 5, 2020. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 5, 2020, as State Action Day for the National Multiple Sclerosis Society; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Congenital Heart Defect Awareness Week; recognize February 7-14, 2020. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 7-14, 2020, as Congenital Heart Defect Awareness Week at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hodges, Nicholas Tyler; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Nicholas Tyler Hodges; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Gay, PhD, R. Derril; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending R. Derril Gay, PhD, for his years of distinguished service to the citizens of Georgia and the public safety net system and for his service as a public policy advisor to the Georgia Association of Community Service Boards Inc.; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Isakson, John; United States Senator; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending United States Senator John Isakson; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: YaQar, Dr.; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dr. YaQar for her outstanding work in HIV/AIDS prevention and education; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Robie, William Thomas; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating William Thomas Robie; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: 4-H Day; recognize February 6, 2020. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the University of Georgia 4-H Program and Arham Shah, Arch D. Smith, and the 2019-2020 4-H Leadership Team and recognizing February 6, 2020, as 4-H Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Greater North Fulton Chamber of Commerce; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Greater North Fulton Chamber of Commerce; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia's Addiction Recovery Awareness Day; recognize January 28, 2020. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing January 28, 2020, as Georgia's Addiction Recovery Awareness Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Savannah Children's Choir; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Savannah Children's Choir; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Thornton, Treandos L.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Treandos L. Thornton, a gifted 2nd grader at Henry County Elementary School; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Albany-Dougherty County Day; recognize February 13, 2020. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Albany Area Chamber of Commerce and recognizing February 13, 2020, as Albany-Dougherty County Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: O'Neal, Michael; recognize; commend Parent University. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Parent University and its executive director, Michael O'Neal; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: John Milledge Academy Trojans; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the John Milledge Academy Trojans for winning the 2019 GISA Class AAA State Football Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dahlonega-Lumpkin County Day; recognize February 13, 2020. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 13, 2020, as Dahlonega-Lumpkin County Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Advanced Placement Day; recognize February 5, 2020. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 5, 2020, as Advanced Placement Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Crider, Wesley; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Wesley Crider; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Georgia Building Authority; implementation of a workplace wellness program for the General Assembly and state agencies; urge. Description: A RESOLUTION urging the Georgia Building Authority to provide for certain space within the former state judicial building to be used for the implementation of a workplace wellness program for the General Assembly and state agencies; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Georgia Building Authority; implementation of a workplace wellness program for the General Assembly and state agencies; urge. Description: A RESOLUTION urging the Georgia Building Authority to provide for certain space within the former state judicial building to be used for the implementation of a workplace wellness program for the General Assembly and state agencies; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Gaur, Dhruv; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the academic excellence and exceptional representation of Dhruv Gaur of Gainesville; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cindea, Suzanne; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Suzanne Cindea, 2019-2020 Gainesville City Schools Teacher of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Firefighters Recognition Day; recognize February 4, 2020. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring and commending the firefighters of Georgia and recognizing February 4, 2020, as Firefighters Recognition Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Deal, Judge Jason; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing Judge Jason Deal for his service as presiding judge of the Hall County Drug Court and commending the Hall County Drug Court upon the occasion of its 100th graduation; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: University of North Georgia Ranger Challenge Team; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and recognizing the University of North Georgia Ranger Challenge Team; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Association of REALTORS; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Georgia Association of REALTORS; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Veteran's Suicide Awareness and Prevention Month; September; official color is Pantone 395; Senate designates. Description: A RESOLUTION designating September as Veteran's Suicide Awareness and Prevention Month in Georgia; designating Pantone 395 as the official color associated with veteran suicide and prevention activities in Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Public Health Day; recognize February 5, 2020. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 5, 2020, as Public Health Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Crocker Jr., Reverend Dr. Curtis; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Reverend Dr. Curtis Crocker Jr.; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Davis Sr., Michael; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Michael Davis Sr.; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Central Baptist Church; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Central Baptist Church on the occasion of its 130th anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bonelli, Mr. Phil; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Mr. Phil Bonelli on being named the 2019 Young Man of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dubnik, Ms. Katie; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Ms. Katie Dubnik on being named the 2019 Young Woman of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Williamson, Heather; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Heather Williamson; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Crane, Simmone; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Simmone Crane; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Argueta, Leyner; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Leyner Argueta; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: University of Georgia, Augusta University, the Georgia Institute of Technology; Georgia State University; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the University of Georgia, Augusta University, the Georgia Institute of Technology, and Georgia State University for their contributions to higher education; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: National School Counseling Week; recognize the week February 3-7, 2020. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the week of February 3-7, 2020, as National School Counseling Week; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Augusta's Interfaith Coalition Day; recognize February 11, 2020. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 11, 2020, as Augusta's Interfaith Coalition Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hodges, Michelle "Mz. Wallstreet"; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Michelle "Mz. Wallstreet" Hodges; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Equine Youth Day; recognize February 4, 2020. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 4, 2020, as Equine Youth Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Farm Bureau Federation Day; recognize February 11, 2020. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 11, 2020, as Georgia Farm Bureau Federation Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Future Farmers of America (FFA) Day; recognize February 18, 2020. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Georgia Future Farmers of America (FFA) and recognizing February 18, 2020, as FFA Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Chattooga High School Wrestling Team; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Chattooga High School Wrestling Team for winning the Class 2A Boys 2019-2020 Wrestling Dual State Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ringgold High School Softball Team; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Ringgold High School softball team for winning the 2019 Class AAA Georgia High School Association Fast Pitch State Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Gordon Lee High School Cheerleading Team; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Gordon Lee High School cheerleading team for winning the 2019-2020 Class A Public State Cheerleading Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Gordon Lee High School Softball Team; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Gordon Lee High School softball team for winning the 2019 Class A Georgia High School Association Fast Pitch State Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Life Sciences Day; recognize February 25, 2020. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 25, 2020, as Georgia Life Sciences Day at the state capitol and commending Georgia Bio; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Metts Jr., Dr. James C.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Dr. James C. Metts Jr.; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Obesity Care Awareness Day; recognize February 4, 2020. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 4, 2020, as Obesity Care Awareness Day in Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Utility Contractors Association Legislative Awareness Day; recognize February 4, 2020. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 4, 2020, as Georgia Utility Contractors Association Legislative Awareness Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Barnes, Mr. Jerry "Pops"; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Mr. Jerry "Pops" Barnes as the Distinguished Older Georgian for 2020; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: A Day of Prayer and Remembrance for First Responders; recognize September 11, 2020. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing September 11, 2020, as A Day of Prayer and Remembrance for First Responders; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: James Person Smith Family; honoring. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the James Person Smith Family upon the special occasion of their reunion on July 10-13, 2020; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Clem, Thomas and Tonya; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Thomas and Tonya Clem and the Metro Atlanta Chess Partners Inc. for their contributions to the metro Atlanta community; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Students of the Usher's New Look (UNL) Leadership Academy; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the students of the Usher's New Look (UNL) Leadership Academy; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Hearing Day; recognize March 16, 2020. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 16, 2020, as Georgia Hearing Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Kemp, Eric; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Eric Kemp; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Community Health Centers Day; recognize February 4, 2020. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Georgia Primary Care Association and recognizing February 4, 2020, as Community Health Centers Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: China Day; recognize February 3, 2020. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the special friendship between Georgia and the people of China and recognizing February 3, 2020, as China Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Love, Reverend Albert E.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Reverend Albert E. Love; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dickerson, Jason; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Jason Dickerson for his admirable accomplishments with his Jason T. Dickerson Family Foundation; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Rozier Sr., Pastor Cecil J.; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Pastor Cecil J. Rozier Sr.; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Georgia Outdoor Stewardship Trust Fund; support implementation of the Coastal Georgia Greenway; encourage. Description: A RESOLUTION encouraging the Georgia Outdoor Stewardship Trust Fund and other entities to support implementation of the Coastal Georgia Greenway; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Price, Paul; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Paul Price; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Woods Jr., Lincoln; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Lincoln Woods Jr.; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Chattahoochee/Marion Forestry Unit; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Chattahoochee/Marion Forestry Unit on being named the Georgia Forestry Commission 2019 North Georgia Unit of the Year, the Baker/Mitchell Forestry Unit on being named the 2019 South Georgia Unit of the Year, Area 4 on being named the 2019 Forest Protection Area of the Year, and Region 2 on being named the 2019 Forest Management Region of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Pre-K Week; recognize October 5-9, 2020. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing October 5-9, 2020, as Georgia Pre-K Week at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Parrish, Dr. Will; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dr. Will Parrish on his outstanding service to the State of Georgia as a primary care physician; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Fogle, Corporal Quinn; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Corporal Quinn Fogle; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Gibbs, Patrick; recognize. Description: A BILL recognizing and commending Georgia Department of Natural Resources (DNR) Officer, Game Warden First Class (GWFC) Patrick Gibbs; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Twyman Jr., Preston Raymond; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Preston Raymond Twyman Jr.; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Research Environmental Economic Network Inc.; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Georgia Research Environmental Economic Network Inc.; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Yoruba Day; recognize February 6, 2020. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Yoruba Tribe and recognizing February 6, 2020, as Yoruba Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Raper, William "Bill" Hughes; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending William "Bill" Hughes Raper; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Morris, Malcolm L.; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Malcolm L. Morris on his outstanding service as dean and professor of law at Atlanta's John Marshall Law School; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Uterine Fibroids Disease Awareness Month; recognize July. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing July as Uterine Fibroids Disease Awareness Month in Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Botnick, Marvin; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Marvin Botnick; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Nicholson, Linda; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Linda Nicholson on her outstanding service as vice president, finance/controller with Northeast Georgia Health System (NGHS); and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bruner, Ms. Ruth; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Ms. Ruth Bruner; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Coleman, Dr. Thomas L.; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dr. Thomas L. Coleman for his many outstanding contributions made to the citizens of Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Benham, Robert; Georgia Supreme Court Justice; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Georgia Supreme Court Justice Robert Benham upon the grand occasion of his retirement; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cedar Grove Saints; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Cedar Grove Saints for winning the 2019 GHSA Class 3A State Football Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Young Farmers Day; recognize February 12, 2020. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Georgia Young Farmers Association and recognizing February 12, 2020, as Young Farmers Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Adjournment; relative to. Description: A RESOLUTION relative to meetings and adjournments of the General Assembly; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ward, Mr. Jerry; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Mr. Jerry Ward; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Whitehead, Mr. R.K.; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Mr. R.K. Whitehead; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Jones, Dr. Tom; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dr. Tom Jones; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lawrence, Trevor; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Trevor Lawrence for his leadership qualities; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Women Veterans Day; recognize February 18, 2020. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 18, 2020, as Women Veterans Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Columbus Technical College; recognize as a "Purple Heart College". Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing Columbus Technical College as a "Purple Heart College"; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Haynes, Holly; Wright, Megan; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating Miss Cobb County 2020, Holly Haynes, and Miss Cobb County's Outstanding Teen 2020, Megan Wright, and commending them for their work as community service leaders and role models; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Islamic Speakers Bureau of Atlanta; recognize. Description: Recognizing and commending the Islamic Speakers Bureau of Atlanta; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Clark Atlanta University Day; recognize February 18, 2020. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 18, 2020, as Clark Atlanta University Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lupus Advocacy Day; recognize February 20, 2020. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 20, 2020, as Lupus Advocacy Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Early, Mary Frances; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Mary Frances Early; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Gibbs, Detective Corporal Odarie; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Detective Corporal Odarie Gibbs; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hunt, Barbara Pace; Elliott, Myra Payne; Welch, Iris Mae; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Barbara Pace Hunt, Myra Payne Elliott, and Iris Mae Welch; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Certified Registered Nurse Anesthetists Day; recognize February 18, 2020. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 18, 2020, as Georgia Certified Registered Nurse Anesthetists Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: New Americans Day; recognize February 13, 2020. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 13, 2020, as New Americans Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Beckham, Reverend Eric; Old Zion Heritage Museum; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Old Zion Heritage Museum and Reverend Eric Beckham; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: White, Sam X; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Sam X White, the Southern Sky Center for Diverse Arts and Culture and its Village Community Garden of Sylvester, Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Trion High School Boys Wrestling Team; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Trion High School boys wrestling team for winning the 2019-2020 Class A Boys Wrestling Dual State Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hemophilia of Georgia Day; recognize February 18, 2020. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Hemophilia of Georgia's work on behalf of individuals with hemophilia and other inherited bleeding disorders and recognizing February 18, 2020, as Hemophilia of Georgia Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Chinese American Republicans; organization; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the organization of Georgia Chinese American Republicans; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Emergency Medical Services Recognition Day; recognize February 18, 2020. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 18, 2020, as Emergency Medical Services Recognition Day at the state capitol and commending the emergency medical services professionals of Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: State Restaurant Day; recognize February 19, 2020. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 19, 2020, as State Restaurant Day at the state capitol and commending the restaurant industry of Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Sanders, Barry; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Barry Sanders on his outstanding service in healthcare; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Willard Jr., Allen Craig; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Allen Craig Willard Jr.; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Professional Association of Georgia Educators (PAGE), Georgia Association of Educational Leaders (GAEL), Georgia Association of Colleges for Teachers of Education Day; (GACTE); recognize February 18, 2020. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 18, 2020, as the Professional Association of Georgia Educators, Georgia Association of Educational Leaders, and Georgia Association of Colleges for Teachers of Education Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Links Day; recognize March 3, 2020. Description: A RESOLUTION commending The Links, Incorporated, and recognizing March 3, 2020, as Links Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Williams, Rosa Mae; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Rosa Mae Williams; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Harris, MD, Patrice; Goza, MD, Sara H. "Sally"; Fincher, MD, Jacqueline; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Georgia physicians Patrice Harris, MD; Sara H. "Sally" Goza, MD; and Jacqueline Fincher, MD, as presidents of the American Medical Association, the American Academy of Pediatrics, and the American College of Physicians respectively; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Valimont, Reverend Dr. Randy; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Reverend Dr. Randy Valimont; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Brown, Mr. Stan; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Mr. Stan Brown on the occasion of his retirement; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Quinn, Mr. Ron; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Mr. Ron Quinn; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Habersham County Day; recognize February 19, 2020. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Habersham County and recognizing February 19, 2020, as Habersham County Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hooper, Kathleen Capes; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Kathleen Capes Hooper; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: YMCA Day; recognize February 25, 2020. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 25, 2020, as YMCA Day at the state capitol and commending the YMCAs of Georgia for the important work they do in communities across the state to promote a healthy spirit, mind, and body; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hriczov, Colonel Carol Veronia; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Colonel Carol Veronia Hriczov on the occasion of her military retirement; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Sapp, Michael; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Michael Sapp for his years of service to the community and the radio and television industry; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: McMichaels, Dick; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Dick McMichaels on being inducted into the Georgia Association of Broadcaster's Hall of Fame; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Peanut Butter and Jelly Day; recognize March 2, 2020. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 2, 2020, as Peanut Butter and Jelly Day at the state capitol and commending the Georgia peanut industry; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Physician's Day; recognize February 19, 2020. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 19, 2020, as Physician's Day at the state capitol and saluting the physicians of Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Studio & Infrastructure Alliance; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Georgia Studio & Infrastructure Alliance as the representative for the tens of thousands of hard-working citizens in the State of Georgia's film and television industry; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Robie, William Thomas; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating William Thomas Robie; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: L' Arche Atlanta Day; recognize February 20, 2020. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the L'Arche movement for its pioneering status as a community where people with disabilities find true belonging and invite others to find belonging with them and recognizing February 20, 2020, as L'Arche Atlanta Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Vidalia Heritage Academy Football Team; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Vidalia Heritage Academy football team for their outstanding 11-0 record; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Girl Scout Day; recognize February 25, 2020. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 25, 2020, as Girl Scout Day at the state capitol and commending Girl Scouts as a national leader in providing the best leadership development experience in the world to American girls; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Employees' Retirement System of Georgia; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Employees' Retirement System of Georgia on the grand occasion of its 70th anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Valdosta State University Day; recognize February 12, 2020. Description: A RESOLUTION commending student leaders at Valdosta State University and recognizing February 12, 2020, as Valdosta State University Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Alpha Phi Alpha Day; recognize February 20, 2020. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Alpha Phi Alpha Fraternity, Inc., and the Georgia District Chapters and recognizing February 20, 2020, as Alpha Phi Alpha Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Community Midwives National Alliance Day; recognize February 26, 2020. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 26, 2020, as Community Midwives National Alliance Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Scott Jr., Dr. Julius Samuel; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Dr. Julius Samuel Scott Jr.; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ball, Dr. Wesley James; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Dr. Wesley James Ball; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Alexander, Wayne; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the extraordinary career of Wayne Alexander of Hardy Chevrolet and congratulating him upon the grand occasion of his retirement; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: American Heart Month; recognize February. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February as American Heart Month; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lee, Dr. Kerwin B.; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dr. Kerwin B. Lee; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Farmer, Lynn; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Lynn Farmer for being named one of the Career Women's Network of Macon Women of Achievement for 2020; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dickerson, Jason T.; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Jason T. Dickerson for his admirable accomplishments with his Jason T. Dickerson Family Foundation; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Vivian, Cordy Tindell (C.T.); recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Cordy Tindell (C.T.) Vivian; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Smith, Robert; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Robert Smith; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hi-Hope Service Center; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Hi-Hope Service Center on its 60th anniversary of supporting individuals with intellectual and developmental disabilities; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Top Ladies of Distinction Inc.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and recognizing Top Ladies of Distinction Inc.; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Delta Day; recognize March 2, 2020. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Delta Sigma Theta Sorority Inc. for its 107 years of service and recognizing March 2, 2020, as Delta Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Greene, Pearline Booth; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating Pearline Booth Greene on receiving the Yellow Rose Award from Senator Valencia Seay; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Election Officials and Registrars Day; recognize February 21, 2020. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 21, 2020, as Georgia Election Officials and Registrars Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Bennett, LaVeda; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending LaVeda Bennett for her military service; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Persons, Robert; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Robert Persons; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Anziano, Vinnie; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Vinnie Anziano; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Higdon, Kessler; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Kessler Higdon; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Putman, David; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating David Putman; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hagberg, Andrew; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Andrew Hagberg; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Orta, Daniel; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Daniel Orta; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Botchwey, Niara; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Niara Botchwey on her exceptional academic achievements; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: R.L. Cousins High School and Hutcheson High School; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending R.L. Cousins High School and Hutcheson High School as the first African American schools in Douglas County; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Building Owners and Managers Association (BOMA) Georgia Day; recognize February 25, 2020. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Building Owners and Managers Association of Georgia (BOMA Georgia) and recognizing February 25, 2020, as BOMA Georgia Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Alpha Gamma Rho Day; recognize February 21, 2020. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing Friday, February 21, 2020, as Alpha Gamma Rho Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Rural Health Day; recognize February 26, 2020. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Georgia Rural Health Association and recognizing February 26, 2020, as Rural Health Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: State of Georgia; creation of a state veterans cemetery in Augusta-Richmond County, Georgia; support. Description: A RESOLUTION supporting the creation of a state veterans cemetery in Augusta-Richmond County, Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Joint Private Financing of Infrastructure Study Committee; create. Description: A RESOLUTION creating the Joint Private Financing of Infrastructure Study Committee; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Williams, Sergeant Major (Ret.) Scarlett V.; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Sergeant Major (Ret.) Scarlett V. Williams; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Pompey, Lieutenant Commander Wanda Gail; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Lieutenant Commander Wanda Gail Pompey; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Why I Care 20 Inc.; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Why I Care 20 Inc.; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Parris, Earl H.; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Earl H. Parris on his outstanding public service as a council member in Summerville, Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hullander, Vanita; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Vanita Hullander; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: My Style Matters; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending My Style Matters and its program Kick Can't-cer; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cooper, Jerry; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Jerry Cooper on his outstanding service with the Georgia FFA-FCCLA Center; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Carroll County Chamber of Commerce; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Carroll County Chamber of Commerce on the occasion of its 65th anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Wade, James; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending James Wade as an exemplar of citizenry during Black History Month; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Wright, Amiya; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Amiya Wright for being selected to compete in the Boys & Girls Club State Youth of the Year competition; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: New Providence Baptist Church; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending New Providence Baptist Church on the occasion of its 150th anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Austin, Johnt; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Johnt Austin for his contributions to the music industry and the economic prosperity of Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Career, Technical and Agricultural Education Program (CTAE); honoring. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring and commending Georgia's nationally-recognized Career, Technical and Agricultural Education program and the educators whose expertise prepares hundreds of thousands of Georgia students for college and the workforce each year; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Williams, Johnetta "Candi"; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Johnetta "Candi" Williams on Women's Veterans Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: World Hearing Day; recognize March 3, 2020. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 3, 2020, as World Hearing Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: School Districts; establish and maintain recycling programs; urge. Description: A RESOLUTION urging school districts to establish and maintain recycling programs; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Martinez, Emmanuel; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Emmanuel Martinez; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Fulcher, Ray; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Ray Fulcher; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Greater Georgia Black Chamber of Commerce; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Greater Georgia Black Chamber of Commerce; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Young, Dr. Katrina McCollum; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dr. Katrina McCollum Young; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Fort Valley State University Day; recognize February 25, 2020. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 25, 2020, as Fort Valley State University Day at the state capitol in recognition of the university's 125th anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Afterschool Day; recognize February 25, 2020. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 25, 2020, as Afterschool Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Joseph, Dr. Jann L.; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dr. Jann L. Joseph as the third president of Georgia Gwinnett College; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Progressive Multiple Sclerosis Day; recognize March 28, 2020. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 28, 2020, as Progressive Multiple Sclerosis Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Devineni, Neha; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Neha Devineni upon receiving the Prudential Spirit of Community Award and being named one of the top two youth volunteers in Georgia for the year 2020; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Spelman College Day; recognize February 27, 2020. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing February 27, 2020, as Spelman College Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Kennesaw State University Football Team; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Kennesaw State University football team; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: State School Superintendent's Teacher Advisory Council; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the State School Superintendent's Teacher Advisory Council; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Education; Georgia's gifted and talented students; support. Description: A RESOLUTION supporting the education of Georgia's gifted and talented students; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Statewide Independent Living Council of Georgia; recognize March 3, 2020. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing Statewide Independent Living Council of Georgia on its day at the state capitol on March 3, 2020; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dortch Jr., Thomas W.; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Thomas W. Dortch Jr. on his outstanding public service in Georgia's educational institutions and his contributions to Georgia's economic prosperity; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Atlanta Basketball Host Committee; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Atlanta Basketball Host Committee and welcoming the 2020 National Collegiate Athletics Association (NCAA) Men's Final Four to Atlanta and the State of Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: National Organization of Black Elected Legislative Women; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the National Organization of Black Elected Legislative Women upon the grand occasion of its 35th anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Taiwan; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Taiwan for its relations with the United States; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dr. Tsai Ing-wen; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Dr. Tsai Ing-wen upon her election as the 15th President of Taiwan; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ruggirello, Olivia; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Olivia Ruggirello, as a member of the Curriculum Associates 2020 Class of Extraordinary Educators; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Joint Study Committee on Preparing Our Future Workforce; create. Description: A RESOLUTION creating the Joint Study Committee on Preparing Our Future Workforce; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Home Builders Association of Georgia; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Home Builders Association of Georgia for its many valuable contributions on behalf of the citizens of Georgia and recognizing February 27, 2020, as the Home Builders Association of Georgia Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: King, Dr. Jacob; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dr. Jacob King for his service to the community; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Woods, Noah; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Noah Woods for his bravery; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Celebrate H.E.R. Appreciation Gala; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the third annual Celebrate H.E.R. Appreciation Gala; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hriczov, Colonel Carol Veronia. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Colonel Carol Veronia Hriczov on the occasion of her military retirement; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Isakson, Senator Johnny; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Senator Johnny Isakson on his retirement after 45 years of public service and commitment to the State of Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Gordon State College; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Gordon State College; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Legislative Acts; void; people of this state may petition the judiciary for declaratory relief from certain acts of this state that violate the laws or Constitution of this state or the Constitution of the United States; provide -CA. Description: A RESOLUTION proposing an amendment to the Constitution so as to provide that the people of this state may petition the judiciary for declaratory relief from certain acts of this state or certain local governments or officers or employees thereof that violate the laws or Constitution of this state or the Constitution of the United States; to provide for related matters; to provide for the submission of this amendment for ratification or rejection; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Stringer, Major Ruth; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Major Ruth Stringer for her public service; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Atlanta Track Club; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Atlanta Track Club and welcoming the United States Olympic Team Trials-Marathon to Atlanta and the State of Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Deputy Nicolas Blane Dixon Memorial Bridge; Hall County; dedicate. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life of Deputy Nicolas Blane Dixon and dedicating an bridge in his memory; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Phi Beta Sigma Day; recognize March 2, 2020. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Phi Beta Sigma Fraternity Inc. and recognizing March 2, 2020, as Phi Beta Sigma Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Multi-Agency Alliance for Children Day; recognize February 28, 2020. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Multi-Agency Alliance for Children and its affiliates and recognizing February 28, 2020, as Multi-Agency Alliance for Children Day at the capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Food Bank Day; recognize March 5, 2020. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Georgia's eight food banks and recognizing March 5, 2020, as Georgia Food Bank Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Mortgage Banking Day; recognize March 25, 2020. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Mortgage Bankers Association of Georgia (MBAG) and recognizing March 25, 2020, as Mortgage Banking Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Toccoa-Stephens County Day; recognize February 27, 2020. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the great achievements of Leadership Toccoa-Stephens County Inc. and recognizing February 27, 2020, as Toccoa-Stephens County Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Owens, Dr. Roger; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dr. Roger Owens on his outstanding public service; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Thomaston-Upson Community Heart & Soul Day; recognize March 2, 2020. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Thomaston-Upson Community Heart & Soul and recognizing March 2, 2020, as Thomaston-Upson Community Heart & Soul Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Miss Georgia Peach Scholarship Pageant and the 2019 Georgia Peach Queens; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Miss Georgia Peach Scholarship Pageant and the 2019 Georgia Peach Queens; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Atlanta Black Chamber; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Atlanta Black Chamber; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: 2019 Atlanta Braves and the Team's Award-Winning Players and Manager; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the 2019 Atlanta Braves and the team's award-winning players and manager; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Golf Course Superintendents Association; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Georgia Golf Course Superintendents Association for the development of the Best Management Practices for Georgia Golf Courses; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Harris, Virginia W.; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Virginia W. Harris; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Moore, Lecrae Devaughn; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Lecrae Devaughn Moore, simply known as Lecrae; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Constituent Day; recognize March 2, 2020. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 2, 2020, as Constituent Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Halpern, Sonya; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Sonya Halpern on receiving the Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Civil Air Patrol; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the Civil Air Patrol for their service to the citizens of Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: American Society of Landscape Architects; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the American Society of Landscape Architects; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lawrence, PhD., Paul R.; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Paul R. Lawrence, PhD, on his outstanding service as Under Secretary for Benefits in the Veterans Benefits Administration; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: University of North Georgia; Dr. Bonita Jacobs; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the University of North Georgia and its president, Dr. Bonita Jacobs; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Massey, Abit; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Abit Massey; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Mitchell, Willie; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and saluting Willie Mitchell's 30 years of public service on the Gainesville City Board of Education; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Seegar, Lisa; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Lisa Seegar, a Muscogee County School District 2020 Teacher of the Year semifinalist; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: McConnell, Karlyn; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Karlyn McConnell, a Muscogee County School District 2020 Teacher of the Year semifinalist; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Coleman, Sicily; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Sicily Coleman, a Muscogee County School District 2020 Teacher of the Year semifinalist; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lasseter, Lara Allan; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Lara Allan Lasseter, a Muscogee County School District 2020 Teacher of the Year semifinalist; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Gore, Michele; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Michele Gore, a Muscogee County School District 2020 Teacher of the Year semifinalist; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Rogers, Chelsie; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Chelsie Rogers, a Muscogee County School District 2020 Teacher of the Year semifinalist; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: McBee, Tammy; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Tammy McBee, a Muscogee County School District 2020 Teacher of the Year semifinalist; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Elliott, Lisa; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Lisa Elliott, a Muscogee County School District 2020 Teacher of the Year semifinalist; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Fahnestock, Rachel; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Rachel Fahnestock, a Muscogee County School District 2020 Teacher of the Year semifinalist; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hagan, Jamie; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Jamie Hagan, a Muscogee County School District 2020 Teacher of the Year semifinalist; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Harrison High School Varsity Football Team; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Harrison High School Varsity Football Team for winning the 2019-2020 Georgia High School Association Class AAAAAA State Football Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia State University's Legislative Health Policy Certificate Program and Advanced Health Institute; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Georgia State University's Legislative Health Policy Certificate Program and Advanced Health Policy Institute; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Golf Day; recognize March 9, 2020. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Georgia Golf Course Superintendents Association for the development of the Best Management Practices for Georgia Golf Courses and recognizing March 9, 2020, as Georgia Golf Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Weeping Time Commemoration Committee; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Weeping Time Commemoration Committee and recognizing the first weekend in March as "The Weeping Time Weekend"; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Vigil, Allan; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Allan Vigil for his many accomplishments, the pivotal role he plays in the automotive industry, and his contributions to Georgia's economic prosperity; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Nurses Day; recognize March 5, 2020. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 5, 2020, as Georgia Nurses Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: General Obligation Debt; make loans or grants; counties, municipalities, consolidated governments, and local authorities; airports; authorize the state -CA. Description: A RESOLUTION proposing an amendment to the Constitution so as to authorize the state to incur general obligation debt in order to make loans or grants to certain counties, municipalities, consolidated governments, and local authorities that own airports for the acquisition, construction, development, extension, enlargement, or improvement of such airports; to provide for submission of this amendment for ratification or rejection; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, Incorporated, Zeta Xi Omega Chapter Chartering Day of Celebration in Georgia; recognize March 6, 2020. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 6, 2020, as the Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, Incorporated, Zeta Xi Omega Chapter Chartering Day of Celebration in Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Burns, Dorothy Mae McCormick; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION celebrating the abundant life of Dorothy Mae McCormick Burns as a community leader and party trailblazer; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: 2020 St. Patrick's Day Parade Committee; members; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the members of the Savannah St. Patrick's Day Parade Committee, General Chairman Lawrence E. Edgerly, and Grand Marshal of the 2020 St. Patrick's Day Parade Michael Roush Sr., on the upcoming occasion of the 2020 St. Patrick's Day Parade in Savannah, Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Special Olympics Georgia; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating Special Olympics Georgia on its 50th anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Teenage Republicans (GATRs) organization; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Georgia Teenage Republicans (GATRs) organization; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Minter, Daniel; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Daniel Minter on his outstanding contributions to the award-winning book Going Down Home with Daddy; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia and the Truist Atlanta Open; long and steady friendship; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the long and steady friendship between Georgia and the Truist Atlanta Open, one of ten ATP World Tour professional tennis events in the United States, and celebrating ten years of men's professional tennis in Atlanta; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: TifTuf Bermudagrass; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the success of TifTuf bermudagrass and the work of Dr. Wayne Hanna, Dr. Brian Schwartz, and the University of Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Cattlemen's Association; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing the Georgia Cattlemen's Association for uniting and advancing Georgia's cattle industry; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Blessed Trinity Football Team; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Blessed Trinity football team for winning the 2019 State AAAA Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Smith, Beverly Evans; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Beverly Evans Smith for her pivotal role in ensuring academic prosperity throughout Georgia and the nation; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Senate Alcohol Franchise Law Study Committee; create. Description: A RESOLUTION creating the Senate Alcohol Franchise Law Study Committee; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: 9-1-1 and Public Safety Telecommunicators as First Responders; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing 9-1-1 and public safety telecommunicators as first responders in Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Special Olympics Georgia; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating Special Olympics Georgia on its 50th anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Burrell, Billy A.; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Billy A. Burrell; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Children's Day; recognize March 17, 2020. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 17, 2020, as Children's Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Southern Crescent Women In Business Inc.; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing Southern Crescent Women In Business Inc.; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Stevens, Christian Owen; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Christian Owen Stevens; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Patient-Centered Physicians Coalition of Georgia Day; recognize March 5, 2020. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 5, 2020, as Patient-Centered Physicians Coalition of Georgia Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Love Fellowship of Churches; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Love Fellowship of Churches; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Boutte, Birder Mae; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Birder Mae Boutte; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Turnipseed, Howard Edwin; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Howard Edwin Turnipseed; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Doyle, Patrick D.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Patrick D. Doyle; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Johnson, Nancy Flake; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Nancy Flake Johnson for her contributions to education; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Drake, Lesley-Ann; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Lesley-Ann Drake for receiving the 2020 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Women of Achievement; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Georgia Women of Achievement; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Montenegro, Ingrid; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and congratulating Ingrid Montenegro on receiving the 2020 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Mt. Bethel Christian Academy Batteries Not Included Robotics Team; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Mt. Bethel Christian Academy Batteries Not Included robotics team for winning its third state championship; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Moss, Calvin W.; Woodstock Police Chief; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Woodstock Police Chief Calvin W. Moss as the Georgia Police Chief of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Police Chiefs and Heads of Law Enforcement Agencies Recognition Day; recognize March 10, 2020. Description: A RESOLUTION commending police chiefs and other heads of law enforcement agencies in this state and recognizing March 10, 2020, as Police Chiefs and Heads of Law Enforcement Agencies Recognition Day at the capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cain, Jessica; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Jessica Cain, Hall County School District 2019-2020 Teacher of the Year; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Marshall-Smith, Reverend Darlene; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Reverend Darlene Marshall-Smith for receiving the 2020 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Duncan, Dr. Gloria; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Dr. Gloria Duncan for receiving the 2020 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Georgia Lineman Appreciation Day; recognize April 13, 2020. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Georgia's linemen and recognizing April 13, 2020, as Georgia Lineman Appreciation Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Spencer, Sergeant Major Robert E.; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Sergeant Major Robert E. Spencer; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Croone, Bishop-Elect Arthur James; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Bishop-Elect Arthur James Croone; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Crawford, Corporal Jordan; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Corporal Jordan Crawford for his heroic actions in service to the citizens of the State of Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Taylor, Dr. Jewel ; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dr. Jewel Taylor, Vice President of Liberia; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: African Women in Leadership Organization; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the African Women in Leadership Organization; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Compton, Sonya C.; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Sonya C. Compton, solicitor-general of Douglas County; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Peoples, Dottie; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dottie Peoples; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: University of Georgia AGHON Honor Society; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the University of Georgia AGHON Honor Society on the occasion of its centennial; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Wright, Jean Elisabeth; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the late Jean Elisabeth Wright upon the occasion of her induction into the Georgia Women of Achievement Hall of Fame; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Haynes, Beth; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Beth Haynes for receiving the 2020 Yellow Rose Nikki T. Randall Servant Leader Award; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ski, Frank; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Frank Ski on his outstanding work in the entertainment industry; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Adjournment; relative to. Description: A RESOLUTION relative to meetings and adjournments of the General Assembly; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Sex Trafficking Awareness Day; recognize March 12, 2020. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 12, 2020, as Sex Trafficking Awareness Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Maternal Mental Health Day; recognize May 1, 2020. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing May 1, 2020, as Maternal Mental Health Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: National Guard Day; recognize March 25, 2020. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 25, 2020, as National Guard Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Austim Awareness Day; recognize March 5, 2020. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing March 5, 2020, as Autism Awareness Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Robertson, Shalandra; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and recognizing Shalandra Robertson; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lower Muscogee Creek Tribe and the Cherokee Nation; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Lower Muscogee Creek Tribe and the Cherokee Nation; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Heritage High School 5 Star Dance Team; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Heritage High School 5 Star dance team for winning the 2020 GHSA Class 3A-4A State Dance Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Payne, Judge Jonathan Marlin; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Judge Jonathan Marlin Payne on his outstanding public service; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Noel, Master Sergeant Timothy J.; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Master Sergeant Timothy J. Noel on the occasion of his military retirement; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Fowler, Bishop Miles E.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Bishop Miles E. Fowler; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Mercer Rural Health Innovation Center; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Mercer Rural Health Innovation Center; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Mooney, Roger; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Roger Mooney; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Brenda Porter and Impact Theatre Atlanta; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Brenda Porter and Impact Theatre Atlanta; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Wade, Mr. Walter; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Mr. Walter Wade as an outstanding educator and coach; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Lee, Madison; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Madison Lee; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Arrington, Sherena; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Sherena Arrington; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Senate Systemic Inequalities Study Committee; create. Description: A RESOLUTION creating the Senate Systemic Inequalities Study Committee; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Gaines, Roy Edward; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Roy Edward Gaines; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Dixon Sr., Mayor Ronnie A.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Mayor Ronnie A. Dixon Sr.; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Borom, Trevor; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Trevor Borom of the Strong Rock Christian School's Patriot wrestling team for winning the 2020 GHSA Class A 120 lb. Wrestling State Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hutcheson, Danny; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Danny Hutcheson on his outstanding public service; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Artman, Eleanor Campbell; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Eleanor Campbell Artman; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Andrews, Gary Blaylock; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Gary Blaylock Andrews; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: PANDAS Awareness Day; recognize October 9, 2020. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing October 9, 2020, as PANDAS Awareness Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Sweet, John F.; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of John F. Sweet; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: University of Georgia School of Law; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the University of Georgia School of Law on its National Moot Court Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Johnson, Eddie and Blanche; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the lives and memories of Eddie Johnson and Blanche Johnson; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Woodward Academy Boys Basketball Team; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Woodward Academy boys basketball team for winning the 2020 GHSA Class AAAA State Basketball Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Nowruz; recognize as the Persian New Year on March 20, 2020. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing Nowruz as the Persian New Year on March 20, 2020, an occasion with Iranian origins but observed by diverse people all over the world; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ahmadiyya Muslim Women's Auxiliary USA; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Ahmadiyya Muslim Women's Auxiliary USA; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ingram, Judge Edith Jacqueline; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Judge Edith Jacqueline Ingram; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Irwin County Indians Football Team; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating the Irwin County Indians football team for winning the 2019 GHSA Class A State Football Championship; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Oritsejafor, Reverend Helen; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Reverend Helen Oritsejafor; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Senate Study Committee on Surgical Smoke Evacuation Systems; create. Description: A RESOLUTION creating the Senate Study Committee on Surgical Smoke Evacuation Systems; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Miller, Tonya; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Tonya Miller; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: National Prostate Awareness Association; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the National Prostate Awareness Association and the interfaith communities in the State of Georgia and abroad for their efforts to provide a mobile screening and testing process for the underserved and uninsured who are at risk of or suffer from prostate cancer; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cervical Health Awareness Month; recognize January 2020. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing January 2020 as Cervical Health Awareness Month; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Henson, Senator Steve; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Senator Steve Henson for his outstanding public service; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Helping Hands Ending Hunger Inc.; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Helping Hands Ending Hunger Inc. for its efforts on behalf of food insecure children and families in Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Morgan, Mayor Larry; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Mayor Larry Morgan for his service to the State of Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Funari, Tony; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the exceptional public service and dedicated volunteerism of Tony Funari of Braselton, Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Camp Sunshine; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Camp Sunshine; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Mutombo, Dikembe; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Dikembe Mutombo; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Handy, Joseph; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing Joseph Handy for his pivotal role in contributing to Georgia's economic prosperity and his philanthropic efforts toward the betterment of Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Cornett, Jean Mayes; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Jean Mayes Cornett and extending sympathies upon her passing; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Kehoe, Paul; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Paul Kehoe, Ireland's Minister with Responsibility for Defence; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Stephens, Shane; Consul General of Ireland; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Consul General of Ireland, Shane Stephens, and the great relations between Georgia and Ireland and recognizing March 16, 2020, as Ireland Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Colston, Robert Wayne; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the professional career and abundant life of Robert Wayne Colston of Gainesville; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hall County high school students and teachers; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the superlative talents of Hall County high school students and teachers honored with 2020 Shuler Hensley Awards for musical theater; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Red Shoe House in Gainesville, Georgia; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and saluting the Red Shoe House in Gainesville, Georgia, upon the grand occasion of its 50th anniversary; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Thomas "Tommy's" Barber Shop; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Thomas "Tommy's" Barber Shop; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Senate Chaplain; honorary position; appoint. Description: A RESOLUTION appointing the honorary position of Senate chaplain; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Waggoner, Mayor John Austin; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Mayor John Austin Waggoner; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Senate Law Enforcement Reform Study Committee; create. Description: A RESOLUTION creating the Senate Law Enforcement Reform Study Committee; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Johnny's Hideaway; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Johnny's Hideaway; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Stevers, Deb; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Deb Stevers; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Adjournment; relative to. Description: A RESOLUTION relative to meetings and adjournments of the General Assembly; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Smith, Lillian E.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Lillian E. Smith for her work as a gifted writer, educator, and activist who was one of the first prominent white southerners to openly denounce racial segregation and be recognized by the Georgia State Senate; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: 2020 Senate Aides and Senate Academic Aides; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the 2020 Senate Aides and Senate Academic Aides for their exemplary service; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Stewart, Calvin E.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Calvin E. Stewart of Clermont, Georgia, for a lifetime of conservancy and service to this nation as well as the heralded mission of the Department of Natural Resources; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Griffin, Helen; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Helen Griffin on her outstanding public service as an administrative assistant; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Arbery, Mr. Ahmaud Marquez; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Mr. Ahmaud Marquez Arbery; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: White, Andre Moses; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Andre Moses White; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Heath, Senator Bill; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Senator Bill Heath for his distinguished service to the State of Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: The Bert Show; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Bert Show; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hobbs, Dr. Joseph; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and honoring Dr. Joseph Hobbs, longtime chair of the Department of Family Medicine, for his contributions to the Medical College of Georgia at Augusta University and to the State of Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Christ Chapel Community Church; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Christ Chapel Community Church; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Holloway, Mary W.; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending and congratulating Mary W. Holloway; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Gwinnett County Residents; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the residents of Gwinnett County for electing a diverse group of leaders into office who represent the diversity of Gwinnett County and recognizing this diverse group of elected officials from Gwinnett County in the Georgia State Senate; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Wilkinson, Senator John; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Senator John Wilkinson on his outstanding public service; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Senate COAM Study Committee; create. Description: A RESOLUTION creating the Senate COAM Study Committee; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Senate Study Committee on Georgia Entrepreneur Empowerment; create. Description: A RESOLUTION creating the Senate Study Committee on Georgia Entrepreneur Empowerment; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Georgia High School Association (GHSA); assessment of its operations and practices pertaining to the inclusion of GHSA member officials on the GHSA Executive Committee; encourage. Description: A RESOLUTION encouraging the Georgia High School Association (GHSA) to perform a thorough assessment of its operations and practices pertaining to the inclusion of GHSA member officials on the GHSA Executive Committee; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Stone, Senator Jesse; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Senator Jesse Stone on his outstanding public service; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Black, Senator Ellis; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Senator Ellis Black on his outstanding public service; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Black, Senator Ellis; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Senator Ellis Black on his outstanding public service; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Heath, Senator Bill; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Senator Bill Heath on his outstanding public service; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Karinshak, Senator Zahra; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Senator Zahra Karinshak on her outstanding public service; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Henson, Senator Steve; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Senator Steve Henson on his outstanding public service; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ligon, Senator William; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Senator William Ligon on his outstanding public service; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Unterman, Senator Renee; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Senator Renee Unterman on her outstanding public service; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia engrossed a bill titled: Senate Educating Adult Students Study Committee; create. Description: A RESOLUTION creating the Senate Educating Adult Students Study Committee; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: The Silver Skillet; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending The Silver Skillet; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Thomas, LuJuana Louisa; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of LuJuana Louisa Thomas; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Parker, Pastor Herman; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Pastor Herman Parker; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Atlanta Fire Cricket Club; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending Atlanta Fire Cricket Club as the proud home team of Atlanta, Georgia; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Clayton County; Firefighter/Emergency Medical Services Apprenticeship Academy; first graduating class; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the first graduating class of Clayton County students from the Firefighter/Emergency Medical Services Apprenticeship Academy; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Kolansky, Monzua Sanders; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing Monzua Sanders Kolansky on her 99th birthday on July 21, 2020, and commending her for her many contributions to her family and community and for her remarkable concern and care for others; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Immigrant Heritage Month; recognize June 2020. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing June, 2020, as Immigrant Heritage Month; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Karinshak, Zahra; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Zahra Karinshak on her outstanding service as Senator; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Verniero Jr, Honorable Colonel Dr. Samuel; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending the Honorable Colonel Dr. Samuel Verniero Jr.; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Type 1 Diabetes Day; recognize March 26, 2020. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Georgia residents who have type 1 diabetes and whose families continually educate and advocate and recognizing March 26, 2020, as Type 1 Diabetes Day at the state capitol; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Hicks, Sr.; Charlie Andrew; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Charlie Andrew Hicks, Sr.; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Curry, Constance Winifred; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of Constance Winifred Curry; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Greater North Fulton Chamber of Commerce; commend. Description: A RESOLUTION commending the Greater North Fulton Chamber of Commerce; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Ikomoni, Pastors Alexander and Angela; recognize. Description: A RESOLUTION recognizing and commending Pastor Alexander Ikomoni and Pastor Angela Ikomoni on their 25th wedding anniversary and vow renewal; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Friend Jr., James Edward; condolences. Description: A RESOLUTION honoring the life and memory of James Edward Friend Jr.; and for other purposes.
In 2020, Georgia passed a bill titled: Emory Hillandale Hospital; congratulate. Description: A RESOLUTION congratulating and commending Emory Hillandale Hospital; and for other purposes.
