Below are the bills that have been engrossed, enrolled, or passed in the state of Hawaii:
In 2025, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Electing The Temporary Chair Of The House Of Representatives Of The Thirty-third Legislature.. Description: Electing The Temporary Chair Of The House Of Representatives Of The Thirty-third Legislature.
In 2025, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Electing The Speaker And Vice Speaker Of The House Of Representatives Of The Thirty-third Legislature.. Description: Electing The Speaker And Vice Speaker Of The House Of Representatives Of The Thirty-third Legislature.
In 2025, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Electing The Officers Of The House Of Representatives Of The Thirty-third Legislature.. Description: Electing The Officers Of The House Of Representatives Of The Thirty-third Legislature.
In 2025, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Acknowledging And Recognizing The Caucus Leaders And Naming The Chairs, Vice Chairs, And Members Of The Standing Committees Of The House Of Representatives Of The Thirty-third Legislature.. Description: Acknowledging And Recognizing The Caucus Leaders And Naming The Chairs, Vice Chairs, And Members Of The Standing Committees Of The House Of Representatives Of The Thirty-third Legislature.
In 2025, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Communicating That The House Of Representatives Of The Thirty-third Legislature Has Assembled And Is Ready To Transact Business.. Description: Communicating That The House Of Representatives Of The Thirty-third Legislature Has Assembled And Is Ready To Transact Business.
In 2025, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Recess Days For The Regular Session Of 2025.. Description: Relating To Recess Days For The Regular Session Of 2025.
In 2025, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Governor To Address The Legislature Assembled In Joint Session.. Description: Requesting The Governor To Address The Legislature Assembled In Joint Session.
In 2025, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Chief Justice Of The Hawaii Supreme Court To Address The Legislature Assembled In Joint Session For The State Of The Judiciary Address.. Description: Requesting The Chief Justice Of The Hawaii Supreme Court To Address The Legislature Assembled In Joint Session For The State Of The Judiciary Address.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Time Sharing.. Description: Clarifies that a developer is responsible for ensuring that the use of time share units located outside the State for time sharing purposes complies with zoning and land use laws and rules of the jurisdiction where the time share units are located and shall submit a certification to the Department of Commerce and Consumer Affairs that the developer has reviewed and concluded that the time share units located outside the State are in compliance with those regulations. Clarifies that a developer is not required to submit evidence of such compliance to register in Hawaii. Effective 6/30/3000. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Non-general Fund Reports.. Description: Amends the contents required to be submitted in each annual nongeneral fund program measures report and non-general fund cost element report. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Non-general Funds.. Description: Abolishes the Native Hawaiian Rights Fund of the Office of Hawaiian Affairs pursuant to the recommendation contained in Auditor's Report No. 2202. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Real Property Liens.. Description: Authorizes the State and the counties to place liens on real properties for unpaid civil fines resulting from violations of land use laws. Authorizes the State and counties, subject to adoption of appropriate and particular laws or rules establishing the power of sale, to sell properties after all notices, orders, and appeal proceedings, if any, are exhausted and use those revenues to pay unpaid civil fines related to property. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Taxation.. Description: Converts the refundable food/excise tax credit to a tax rebate to be issued to qualifying taxpayers annually. Applies to taxable years beginning after 12/31/2022. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The State Budget.. Description: Relating to the state budget. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Government Services.. Description: Clarifies the Office of the Legislative Analyst. Effective 7/1/2112. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Non-general Funds.. Description: Reclassifies the human resources development special fund as a revolving fund pursuant to the recommendation made by the auditor in auditor's report no. 22-12. Effective 6/30/3000.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Non-general Funds.. Description: Abolishes or reclassifies certain non-general funds of the Department of Taxation pursuant to the recommendations contained in Auditor's Report No. 22-14. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The General Fund.. Description: Appropriates funds to be deposited into the emergency and budget reserve fund and pension accumulation fund pursuant to article VII, section 6, of the Hawaii State Constitution. (CD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Campaign Finance.. Description: Authorizes candidates and their candidate committees to donate residual campaign funds to the general fund of the State or to the real property tax general fund of any county of the State. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Education.. Description: Establishes a nationally certified school psychologist incentive program. Appropriates funds for the incentive program. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Education.. Description: Requires the department of education to establish grant programs to provide funds for the planning and implementation of community schools. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Workers' Compensation.. Description: Authorizes wages of other employees in comparable employment to be considered when computing the average weekly wages of an injured public board member, reserve police officer, police chaplain, reserve public safety law enforcement officer, sheriffs' chaplain, volunteer firefighter, volunteer boating enforcement officer, or volunteer conservation and resources enforcement officer. Clarifies computation of average weekly wages of an injured volunteer firefighter for workers' compensation benefits purposes. Effective 6/30/3000.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Making An Appropriation For The Pu`uhonua Program.. Description: Appropriates funds to establish an unspecified number of fulltime equivalent positions for the University of Hawaii Windward Community College's Pu`uhonua Program. Effective 6/30/3000. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To After-school Programs.. Description: Appropriates funds for the Department of Education's Resources for Enrichment, Athletics/Academics, Culture, and Health program. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Controlled Substances.. Description: Prohibits the sale or holding, offering, and distribution of hemp products that contain cannabinoids created through isomerization. Inserts the alternative name for Delta 6 cis or trans tetrahydrocannabinol, and their optical isomers into the list of schedule I controlled substances. Takes effect 12/31/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The General Excise Tax.. Description: Establishes a temporary general excise tax exemption for amounts received from the servicing and maintenance of helicopters in an aircraft service and maintenance facility outside any Hawaii airport or from the construction of a facility that services and maintains helicopters where at least 75% of the helicopters serviced and maintained annually in the facility are equipped with quiet technology. Effective 7/1/3000. Sunsets 12/31/2028. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Authentic Assessments.. Description: Authorizes public school complexes to develop rigorous classroom-based performance assessments, including the use of authentic assessments as part of classroom-based performance assessments. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Single-use Plastics.. Description: Prohibits lodging establishments from providing personal care products in small plastic containers within sleeping room accommodations, any space within sleeping room accommodations, or bathrooms used by the public or guests. Establishes civil penalties. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Coastal Erosion.. Description: Establishes and appropriates funds for a two-year program at the University of Hawaii to study sand movement patterns and coastal erosion along the coast between Sunset Beach Park and Ehukai Beach Park on the North Shore of Oahu, including the impact of sandbag walls, tarps, rocks placed in the shoreline, sand pushing, and coastal restoration on beach processes. Establishes a temporary moratorium on the use of sandbag walls, unless authorized by an emergency permit from the Department of Land and Natural Resources. Requires a report to the Legislature. Appropriates funds. Effective 6/30/3000. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Campaign Contributions By Candidate Committees.. Description: Amends section 11-357, HRS, to prohibit elected officials as defined in section 11-342(d), HRS, from soliciting and accepting campaign contributions during any regular session or special session of the State Legislature, including any extension of any regular session or special session and any legislative recess day, holiday, or weekend.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Partial Public Financing Of Elections.. Description: Increases the amount of partial public financing available for all offices. Adjusts the minimum amount of qualifying contributions certain candidates must receive to participate in the program. Increases the matching fund payments for excess qualifying contributions. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Criminal Justice Data Sharing.. Description: Establishes a criminal justice data sharing working group to make recommendations for a statewide criminal justice data repository. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Professional Engineers.. Description: Provides that a person having professional-level government employment performing lawful experience in review of engineered plans and calculations under the direct supervision of an applicably licensed engineer is eligible for licensure as a professional engineer.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To License Plates.. Description: Requires license plates to include okina in the word "Hawaii". Establishes requirements for number plates issued for zero-emission, hybrid, and gasoline-powered vehicles beginning 1/1/2025. Requires the continued use of the rainbow number plate design for hybrid and gasoline-powered vehicles. Effective 6/30/3000. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Renewal Of Driver's Licenses.. Description: Authorizes the renewal of driver's licenses online by electronic or digital means. Effective 7/1/2025. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To License Plates.. Description: Authorizes the issuance of special number plates to commemorate Duke Kahanamoku. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Public Corruption.. Description: Specifies that a person convicted of the offense of bribery shall be sentenced to pay a fine of up to $250,000, in addition to a sentence of imprisonment or probation. Requires the Commission on Salaries to consider certain factors to retain qualified individuals and deter corruption and bribery. Amends the effective dates of recommended salary increases. Effective 6/30/3000. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Recounts.. Description: Provides that a mandatory recount shall occur when the difference in votes cast is equal to or less than 100 votes or one-quarter of 1% of the total number of votes cast for the contest, whichever is lesser. Establishes that the filing deadline for a complaint for a contest for cause that arises from a mandatory recount shall be the same as the filing deadline for complaints for contests in which no mandatory recount was held.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Elections.. Description: Establishes definitions for purposes of electronic voting. Specifies additional requirements and procedures with which the chief election officer must comply when using an electronic voting system, including procedures for conducting the post-election, pre-certification audit. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Legislative Allowance.. Description: Requires each house of the legislature to post a report of the legislative allowance expenditures for each member of the respective house on the legislature's website. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Reduced Ignition Propensity Cigarette Program.. Description: Provides for additional use of the moneys in the reduced ignition propensity cigarette program special fund to support the state fire council and its programs and activities. Adds to the jurisdiction of the state fire council those functions that are consistent with the uses being authorized for the reduced ignition propensity cigarette program special fund. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The State Fire Council.. Description: Adds to the membership of the state fire council, and to the membership of advisory committees that the council may appoint, representatives from the Hawaii state aircraft rescue fire fighting unit and the division of forestry and wildlife of the department of land and natural resources to reflect all nonfederal fire fighting agencies in the State. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Liquor Licenses.. Description: Exempts the notarization requirement for renewals of liquor licenses. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Collective Bargaining.. Description: Requires the Department of Human Resources Development to conduct a study to review the repricing processes in section 89-9, Hawaii Revised Statutes, and submit a report to the Legislature prior to the convening of the Regular Session of 2024. Effective 6/30/3000. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Professional License Fee Renewals.. Description: Requires each public employer to pay for the employer's employees' professional license renewal fees. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Internal Complaint Procedures.. Description: Clarifies internal complaint procedures for civil service positions by requiring a formal complaint to be filed within twenty working days. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Wages.. Description: Makes general contractors entering into or under contracts in the State for work on buildings, structures, or other private construction works liable for debt incurred by subcontractors for wages due to claimants for performance of labor in the contract between the general contractor and owner. Effective 6/30/3000. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Public Works.. Description: Imposes penalties, including suspension, on the person and firm upon a finding of violation of state law governing wages and hours of employees on public work projects. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Renewable Energy.. Description: Establishes labor requirements for the construction of renewable energy projects with a capacity rating of ten megawatts or greater. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Energy-efficiency Portfolio Standards.. Description: Extends the State's energy-efficiency portfolio standards from 2030 to 2045. Authorizes the public utilities commission to establish interim goals. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Climate Change Mitigation.. Description: Requires the Department of Health to establish a Refrigerant Management Program to reduce emissions of high global warming potential refrigerants and any refrigerant that is an ozone depleting substance from stationary, commercial, and industrial refrigeration systems and air conditioning systems and adopt rules for the regulation of the use of such refrigerants. Requires the State Building Code Council to establish codes and standards consistent with the goal of reducing greenhouse gas emissions associated with hydrofluorocarbons when updating the State Building Code. Specifies that no law, rule, ordinance, or code, including the State Building Code, shall prohibit or limit the use of a refrigerant deemed acceptable under federal law. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Historic Preservation.. Description: Expands the definition of "historic property" for purposes of the Historic Preservation Program. Effective 6/30/3000. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Historic Preservation Reviews.. Description: Authorizes the department of land and natural resources, through the state historic preservation division to contract its review of proposed state projects, projects on privately owned historic property, and projects affecting historic properties to third-party consultants if the department will not be able to complete its review within sixty days. Appropriates funds. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Civil Service.. Description: Allows professional and technical staff of the state historic preservation division to be exempt from civil service laws. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Tourism.. Description: Requires the department of agriculture to include a statement on desecration laws in the plant and animal declaration form. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Human Services.. Description: Adjusts the method by which the Department of Human Services shall calculate payments to providers of medical care and longterm supports and services. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Human Services.. Description: Establishes the Hawaii Public Housing Authority public housing tenant upward mobility pilot program. Permits the Hawaii Public Housing Authority to contract with outside parties to implement the program. Requires interim and final reports to the Legislature. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Human Services.. Description: Amends Act 317, Session Laws of Hawaii 2022, to grant the Department of Human Services flexibility in developing a comprehensive child welfare information system and extend the appropriation lapse date. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To A Child Tax Credit.. Description: Establishes a nonrefundable state child tax credit. Effective 6/30/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Career And Technical Education.. Description: Establishes a career and technical education working group to strengthen career and technical education in the State's public schools. Makes an appropriation. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Agriculture.. Description: Increases the percentages of local agricultural products that certain departments are required to purchase by certain deadlines. Expands annual reporting requirements to include the total spending by certain market channels. Requires the University of Hawaii system to include a corrective action plan in its respective report to the legislature, should it not meet its benchmark. Repeals the separate benchmark for the department of education that requires thirty per cent of food served in public schools to consist of locally sourced products by 2030. Appropriates funds for the establishment of a farm-to-state liaison within the office of the governor. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Education.. Description: Requires the department of education to fully implement the farm to school program and farm to school meals program by the 20242025 school year. Provides that complex area superintendents have the authority to implement the farm to school and farm to school meals programs. Requires certain school cafeteria supervisors to report directly to complex area superintendents. Establishes school cafeteria supervisor positions. Requires the office of talent management of the department of education to conduct a compensation review of school cafeteria supervisor positions. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Hawaii Child Nutrition Program.. Description: Establishes the Hawaii child nutrition programs agency in the department of human services. Establishes a grant program to support the funding of certain initiatives for the State's public schools. Establishes three permanent full-time equivalent positions (3.0 FTE). Appropriates funds. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Farm To School Procurement.. Description: Requires the department of education to establish rules for the procurement of goods and services related to the administration of food programs at public schools that incorporate a geographic preference for unprocessed locally grown and locally raised food products. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Department Of Human Resources Development.. Description: Appropriates funds to the department of human resources development for the establishment of new employee positions and the learning management system. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Acquisition Of The Saint Francis School Campus For The University Of Hawaii At Manoa.. Description: Authorizes the Board of Regents of the University of Hawaii to issue revenue bonds for the acquisition of the Saint Francis School campus located at 2707 Pamoa Road in Honolulu. Appropriates moneys to the University of Hawaii for the acquisition of the Saint Francis School campus located at 2707 Pamoa Road in Honolulu. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Consumer Protection.. Description: Prohibits using geographic origins of coffee in labeling or advertising for roasted or instant coffee that contains less than a certain percentage of coffee by weight from that geographic origin, phased in to a minimum of fifty-one per cent on or after 7/1/2026. Excludes roasted or instant coffee produced in whole or in part from Hawaii-grown green coffee beans that are not offered for retail sale directly to consumers from labeling requirements. Prohibits use of the term "All Hawaiian" in labeling or advertising for roasted or instant coffee not produced entirely from green coffee beans grown and processed in the State. Authorizes retailers who, by 6/30/2024, purchase roasted or instant coffee blends that use a geographic origin in labeling or advertising containing less than twenty per cent Hawaii-grown coffee by weight to sell-off coffee inventory until 12/31/2024. Effective 6/30/3000. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Education.. Description: Requires DOE to develop and implement safety training for all cafeteria student helpers and ensure the student helpers receive the training prior to them volunteering. Requires DOE to provide personal protective equipment for all cafeteria student helpers prior to the student helpers volunteering. Requires all cafeteria student helpers to be directed and supervised by trained personnel at all times. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Early Learning Opportunities.. Description: Requires the Department of Human Services to establish a Child Care Accreditation Program to assist licensed and registered child care providers in obtaining accreditation. Authorizes the use of the Child Care Grant Program Special Fund for Child Care Accreditation Program grants. Makes the accreditation requirement for service providers receiving funds from the Preschool Open Doors Program voluntary. Appropriates funds for the Child Care Accreditation Program, including funding for the establishment of one full-time equivalent (1.0 FTE) position. Appropriates funds into and out of the Child Care Grant Program Special Fund for the Child Care Accreditation Program. Effective 6/30/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Education.. Description: Provides a process for school placement for a child whose parent has transferred or is pending transfer from another state to a military installation in Hawaii while on active military duty pursuant to an official military order. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Taro.. Description: Appropriates funds to the department of agriculture to provide grants to assist taro farmers in meeting the costs of cultivating taro for consumption. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Motor Vehicle Insurance.. Description: Increases the fines for violating motor vehicle insurance requirements. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Workforce Development.. Description: Establishes the state YouthBuild program to assist nonprofit and public entities in applying and qualifying for federal YouthBuild program grants. Authorizes the department of labor and industrial relations to award grants to eligible nonprofit or public entities to meet the matching funds requirement for federal YouthBuild grant awards. Appropriates funds. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Agriculture.. Description: Updates the Hawaii State Planning Act's economic agricultural objectives and policies and priority guidelines by removing references to the sugar and pineapple industries. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Sustainable Food Systems.. Description: Establishes the sustainable food systems working group within the Department of Agriculture. Requires the working group to submit a plan, any recommendations for implementing the plan, and any proposed legislation to the Legislature. Appropriates funds to establish the working group and develop the plan and for an unspecified number of sustainability specialist positions to be employed by the Department of Agriculture. Effective 6/30/3000. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Agriculture.. Description: Establishes and appropriates funds for the Foreign Agriculture Small Equipment Pilot Program at a University of Hawaii community college, to be administered by the Department of Agriculture in collaboration with the University of Hawaii. Appropriates funds to the Department of Agriculture for the Pilot Program. Requires a report to the Legislature. Effective 7/1/3000. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Food Banks.. Description: Appropriates funds to the Office of Community Services to fund the purchase, storage, and transportation of food for distribution to the food banks in the State. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Employer-union Health Benefits Trust Fund Contributions.. Description: Sets the amount of the employer contribution to the Hawaii employer-union health benefits trust fund as a fixed percentage of the health benefits plan or life insurance plan premium cost. Makes conforming amendments to remove the amount of contributions by the State and counties to the Hawaii employerunion health benefits trust fund from the scope of collective bargaining negotiations. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Department Of Education Procurement.. Description: Exempts from the Hawaii Public Procurement Code educational materials and related training for direct student instruction in career and technical education programs within the Department of Education. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Brother Joseph Dutton Day.. Description: Designates April 27 of each year as Brother Joseph Dutton Day. Effective 6/30/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Electric Vehicle Charging Infrastructure.. Description: Requires that new state facilities be designed to be electric vehicle charger-ready. Requires that 25% of parking stalls be electric vehicle charger-ready. Requires the Hawaii State Energy Office, in consultation with the Department of Accounting and General Services and Department of Transportation, to conduct a survey and identify certain high-priority state facilities. Establishes a goal of the State to retrofit state facilities to be electric vehicle charger-ready. Requires a report to the Legislature. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/3000. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Tax Credits.. Description: Establishes a nonrefundable income tax credit for owners of condominium units whose condominium association is increasing maintenance fees or imposing a special assessment to comply with a county ordinance requiring an automatic fire sprinkler system or alternative fire prevention and fire safety system, to be applied to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2023. Effective 6/30/3000. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Temporary Restraining Orders.. Description: Authorizes the family courts to allow petitioners to attend TRO hearings remotely upon request. Requires the courts to consider certain factors. Requires the courts to allow petitioners who allege domestic abuse to attend TRO hearings remotely. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Housing.. Description: Increases the deadline for a county council to take action on an affordable housing project's application from forty-five days to an unspecified number of days after receipt of the proposed project's preliminary plans and specifications from the Hawaii housing finance and development corporation. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Green Jobs Youth Corps.. Description: Appropriates funds to the Department of Land and Natural Resources and its partner, or partners, for the continuation of benefits of the Green Jobs Youth Corps. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Public Utilities Commission.. Description: Requires the public utilities commission to issue a decision within six months from the date that a public utility or water carrier has filed a financial application request for commission authorization to issue stocks and stock certificates, bonds, notes, and other evidences of indebtedness. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Public Utilities Commission.. Description: Requires any reporting requirement established by the public utilities commission through an order and not by statute to expire one year after the issuance of the order. Allows continuation of the reporting requirement if a new order is issued and justification for the continuance is provided. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Public Utilities Commission.. Description: Requires the public utilities commission to complete its review and issue a decision within nine months from the date that a public utility, other than an investor-owned electric utility company, files its completed application seeking approval for a merger, consolidation, acquisition, or other change of control and within twelve months from the date of the application for an investor-owned electric utility company. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Telecommunications And Cable Industry Information Reporting.. Description: Repeals chapter 440J, HRS, relating to telecommunications and cable industry information reporting requirements for broadband service providers. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Alcohol.. Description: Expands the definition of "beer" under the liquor regulatory laws to mean any alcoholic beverage containing no less than 0.5 per cent alcohol by volume obtained by fermentation of any infusion or decoction of malt or any substitute, including alcohol seltzer beverages and excluding sake, cooler beverages, and other distilled products. Authorizes brewpubs to sell beer they manufacture, including beer manufactured on their premises, subject to certain conditions. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Controlled Substances.. Description: Establishes a Substance Use Disorder Services Clinic Working Group to develop recommendations to balance the needs of persons receiving treatment for substance use disorders with the needs of public safety. Requires a report to the Legislature. Effective 6/30/2050. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Condominiums.. Description: Repeals the cutoff date of Act 196, Session Laws of Hawaii 2018, that allowed the use of funds in the condominium education trust fund initially dedicated to support voluntary binding arbitration to be used for other educational purposes. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Parentage.. Description: Enacts portions of the Uniform Parentage Act of 2017 to replace the Uniform Parentage Act of 1973. Effective 3/22/2075. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Safety Of Judiciary Personnel.. Description: Prohibits, in certain circumstances, the publication of the personal information of federal and state judges and other judicial staff whose duties put them at risk for acts of violence or threats. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The University Of Hawaii Promise Program.. Description: Provides scholarships for the unmet direct cost needs of qualified students at any four-year University of Hawaii campus who meet certain eligibility criteria. Makes an appropriation for the Hawaii promise program. Effective 6/30/3000.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Taxation.. Description: Establishes an employer-provided or employer-sponsored child care income tax credit for employers that pay for certain available child care services to their employees. Establishes an employer child care property income tax credit for the cost of child care property purchased or acquired by an employer and put into service for employer-provided child care. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Health.. Description: Requires the Department of Health and Oahu Regional Health Care System to develop a strategic plan for the utilization of all Oahu Regional Health Care System facilities and report to the Legislature before the Regular Session of 2024. Extends the deadline to assimilate the Daniel K. Akaka State Veterans Home from the Department of Defense to the Oahu Regional Health Care System to 6/30/2024. Requires the Oahu Regional Health Care System and the Department of Defense to provide a joint progress report to the Legislature regarding construction of, and the hiring of an operator for, the Daniel K. Akaka State Veterans Home. Appropriates funds for the capital improvement project to construct a transitional treatment and housing facility on the Leahi Hospital campus. Effective 6/30/2050. (SD2)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Health.. Description: Authorizes the Department of Health to, in its discretion, certify community care foster family homes for a fourth adult who is a Medicaid recipient and has documented housing instability, if certain conditions are met. Requires the Department of Health and Governor's Coordinator on Homelessness to enter into a memorandum of agreement and submit a report to the Legislature. Takes effect 7/1/3000. Sunsets 6/30/2027. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Department Of Human Resources Development.. Description: Appropriates matching funds for the Department of Human Resources Development to retain the services of an online employment marketplace or networking platform to assist in recruiting employees for the State. Effective 6/30/3000. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Making An Appropriation To Implement The Recommendations Of The Task Force On Mobility Management, Established Pursuant To Act 214, Session Laws Of Hawaii 2013.. Description: Appropriates funds to the Department of Transportation to implement the recommendations of the task force on mobility management established pursuant to Act 214, SLH 2013. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Emergency Preparedness.. Description: Appropriates funds for repairing warning sirens statewide. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Residential Photovoltaic Energy Generating Systems.. Description: Requires the counties to exempt from county permitting requirements the installation of off-grid residential photovoltaic energy generating systems on the rooftops of residential properties, under certain circumstances. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Immigrant Services.. Description: Establishes and appropriates funds for an immigrant services and access unit within the office of community services. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Climate Equity.. Description: Appropriates funds for the development of a database and data portal from data sources detailed in the May 2022 report on social vulnerability to climate change in Hawaii, under certain conditions. Appropriates funds for the maintenance and updating of the data portal. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Minors.. Description: Allows minors sixteen years of age or older and emancipated minors to petition for domestic abuse protective orders. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Child Care.. Description: Requires the department of human services, when determining income eligibility for child care subsidies, to consider special circumstances, such as the retroactive payment of workers' compensation or temporary disability insurance benefits, that cause the monthly gross income of a parent, guardian, or other responsible party to exceed the eligible monthly gross income. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Magnet Schools.. Description: Establishes a five-year magnet school pilot program at Waiahole and Kaaawa elementary schools. Establishes eight full-time equivalent (8.0 FTE) positions. Appropriates funds. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Minors.. Description: Clarifies the definition of "provider" as it relates to the entities eligible to provide no cost emergency shelter and related services to a consenting minor to include certain organizations who are not considered child placing organizations or child caring institutions. Sunsets 6/30/2029. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The State Foundation On Culture And The Arts.. Description: Appropriates funds for the State Foundation on Culture and the Arts Creative Workforce Grant program for the awarding of grants to eligible nonprofit arts and culture organizations to support a living wage for creative workers. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The State Of Hawaii Museum Of Natural And Cultural History.. Description: Appropriates federal funds to sustain and support the State of Hawaii Museum of Natural and Cultural History. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Highway Safety.. Description: Amends the definitions of "special interest vehicle", "street rod replica vehicle", and "street rod vehicle", for purposes of the Hawaii Highway Safety Act, to be based on the age of the vehicle or the parts used, rather than a certain year. Requires vehicles to meet the safety standards that were in effect at the time of manufacture. Establishes a motor vehicle safety inspection and motor vehicle registration task force. Requires a report to the Legislature. Effective 6/30/3000. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Electronic Smoking Devices.. Description: Includes electronic smoking devices and e-liquids under the definition of "tobacco products" for purposes of cigarette tax and tobacco tax law. Repeals the electronic smoking device retailer registration unit under the department of the attorney general. Effective 1/1/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To A Leave Grant Program.. Description: Requires the department of labor and industrial relations to conduct an actuarial study on a leave grant pilot program to help small businesses offer their employees paid family leave and paid sick leave. Appropriates funds. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Taxation.. Description: Amends the adjusted gross income brackets and credit amounts of the refundable food/excise tax credit. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Housing.. Description: Requires the school facilities authority to conduct a feasibility study for the development of teacher and workforce housing at the Queen Liliuokalani elementary school property. Requires a report to the legislature prior to the 2024 regular session. Appropriates funds for the feasibility study. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Education.. Description: Appropriates funds to the Department of Education for various workforce readiness programs and opportunities. Declares that the general fund expenditure ceiling is exceeded. Takes effect 6/30/3000. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Raw Milk.. Description: Authorizes and decriminalizes the sale of raw milk and raw milk products directly from producers to consumers, for human consumption, with certain restrictions. Authorizes the sale of raw goat milk for pet consumption. Establishes labeling requirements. Requires the board of agriculture and department of health to adopt rules no later than 7/1/2024. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Emergency Management.. Description: Removes the ability of the governor or a mayor to suspend electronic media transmission during a state of emergency. Effective 3/22/2075. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Residential Real Property.. Description: Establishes penalties for failure to remediate violations, including fines and, under circumstances, foreclosure. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Education.. Description: Beginning with the 2023-2024 school year, requires the department of education and public charter schools to provide free breakfast and lunch to all enrolled students. Appropriates funds. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Procurement.. Description: Allows bidders to clarify or correct immaterial or technical information required as part of a bid submission for up to twenty-four hours after the bid submission deadline. Requires that bids for construction be opened no sooner than twenty-four hours after the deadline for the submission of bids. Defines "immaterial or technical information". Repeals 6/30/2026. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Fuel Tank Advisory Committee.. Description: Requires the Fuel Tank Advisory Committee to hold no fewer than one regular meeting in each quarter of a calendar year. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Early Child Care.. Description: Requires the Department of Human Services to establish and implement a two-year Infant and Toddler Child Care Worker Subsidy Pilot Program to retain the existing early child care workforce in licensed infant and toddler child care center settings. Appropriates funds for the pilot program. Requires reports to the Legislature. Sunsets 7/1/2025. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Health.. Description: Prohibits the sale of flavored tobacco products and the mislabeling of e-liquids as nicotine free. Authorizes the department of health to appoint, commission, or contract for services of inspectors. Establishes two full-time equivalent program specialist positions and one full-time equivalent hearing officer position. Appropriates funds. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Tax Credits.. Description: Requires that income tax credits established or renewed after 12/31/2023 include a five-year sunset or an annual one-third reduction beginning with the sixth year of the credit. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Permits.. Description: Establishes an exemption from applicable county permit requirements for repetitive construction projects for facilities under the control of the Department of Education, University of Hawaii, or School Facilities Authority. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Department Of Human Resources Development.. Description: Appropriates moneys to establish an unspecified number of fulltime equivalent information technology specialist positions within the Department of Human Resources Development and upgrade information technology systems within the Department of Human Resources Development, including network upgrades; purchase and install desktop computers, workstations, and laptops; and train personnel. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To State Self-insurance Against Property And Casualty Risks.. Description: Establishes the State Self-Insurance Against Property and Casualty Risks Special Fund to be administered by the Comptroller to make it easier for the State to self-insure or utilize a captive insurer to mitigate against property and casualty risks. Appropriates funds. Effective 6/30/3000. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Department Of Hawaiian Home Lands.. Description: Exempts certain projects for the Department of Hawaiian Home Lands from general excise taxes. Makes permanent the exemption of certain housing developed by the Department of Hawaiian Home Lands from school impact fee requirements. Ensures that the $600,000,000 appropriated to the Department of Hawaiian Home Lands in Act 279, Session Laws of Hawaii 2022, is available for expenditure until June 30, 2025. Makes permanent the issuance of county affordable housing credits to the Department of Hawaiian Home Lands. Effective 1/1/2024. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Administrative Rulemaking.. Description: Requires that prior to the adoption, amendment, or repeal of an administrative rule, electronic notice of the proposed rulemaking be provided to all persons who have made a timely written request to, and provided a valid working email address to, the adopting agency for advance notice of its rulemaking proceedings. Requires that alterations to administrative rules be displayed in Ramseyer format and the full text of rules be made available in a digitally accessible and searchable format. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Fentanyl Test Strips.. Description: Excludes from the definition of "drug paraphernalia", testing products utilized in determining whether a controlled substance contains chemicals, toxic substances, or hazardous compounds in quantities that can cause physical harm or death, including but not limited to fentanyl test strips. Defines "fentanyl test strip". (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Feral Chicken Management.. Description: Requires the department of land and natural resources, department of agriculture, and counties to collaborate on feral chicken management projects. Appropriates funds. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Sexual Abuse Of Minors.. Description: Expands the time period by which a civil action for childhood sexual abuse may be initiated, including an otherwise timebarred action. Authorizes a court to require personnel of legal entities to undergo training on traumainformed response. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Judiciary.. Description: Requires the Judiciary to develop and implement an automated court appearance reminder system that generates text message and electronic mail notifications for upcoming court appearances in certain types of cases. Appropriates funds. Effective 6/30/3000. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Police Reports.. Description: Allows surviving immediate family members of deceased persons for whom law enforcement initiated an investigation to receive a copy of the closing report prepared by the investigating police department after a specified period of time. Sunsets 6/30/2025. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Infrastructure.. Description: Establishes a dam and reservoir working group to ensure and enhance the continued availability and operation of dams and reservoirs in the State and consider their role in drought mitigation and the maintenance of a dependable water supply. Appropriates funds. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Meat Processing.. Description: Requires the Department of Agriculture, in collaboration with other state agencies, to develop and implement a plan by 7/1/2025 to expand the meat processing capacity in the State to allow for meat from axis deer and other wild game to be processed for distribution by nonprofit food distribution services. Appropriates funds. Effective 6/30/3000. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Taxation.. Description: Creates an income tax credit for transportation costs incurred by certain taxpayers who ship produce and agricultural goods between counties. Effective 6/30/3000. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Taxation.. Description: Establishes an organic foods production tax credit applicable to taxable years beginning after 12/31/2023. Sunsets 12/31/2033. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Agriculture.. Description: Appropriates funds to the Department of Agriculture for costs for its meat inspection program, including the establishment of 1 full-time equivalent (1.0 FTE) inspector program supervisor position and 3 full-time equivalent (3.0 FTE) inspector positions to perform meat inspection services. Effective 6/30/3000. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Taxation.. Description: Establishes the farm workforce retention tax credit for farm employers or owners of farm employers who employ eligible farm employees. Effective 6/30/3000. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Taxation.. Description: Establishes an income tax credit to alleviate the high costs of production for farmers, ranchers, and fishers and incentivize growth in the agricultural sector in the State. Effective 6/30/3000. Applies to taxable years beginning after 12/31/2023. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Oral Health.. Description: Establishes an oral health task force to review the status of oral health in the State and make recommendations to improve the State's oral health infrastructure. Requires reports to the Legislature. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/2050 and 7/1/2051. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Family.. Description: Establishes an exemption from mediation in paternity proceedings where there are allegations of domestic abuse if the party alleging domestic abuse does not wish to participate. Prohibits a mediator from engaging in mediation where there are allegations of domestic abuse unless certain requisites are met. Prohibits a court from requiring mediation in paternity proceedings if there is a temporary restraining order or a protective order in effect and the party alleging domestic abuse does not wish to participate. Allows the court to order mediation in paternity proceedings where there are allegations of domestic abuse but there is no temporary restraining order or no protective order, under certain circumstances. Replaces the term "family violence" with "domestic abuse" in section 58041.5, HRS.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Taxation.. Description: Establishes an income tax credit for qualified farms that donate eligible food products or prepared food to food banks or food pantries located in the State. Appropriates funds. Sunsets 6/30/2026. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Suicide Prevention.. Description: Establishes a Prevent Suicide Hawaii Working Group within the Office of Wellness and Resilience. Requires the working group to focus on preventing suicides in the State, particularly among Native Hawaiians, Pacific Islanders, farmers, youth, LGBTQIA+, veterans, and other populations identified by the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention as a high-risk population for suicide; implement recommendations in the Prevent Suicide Hawaii Task Force's interim report; and report to the Legislature before the Regular Session of 2025. Effective 6/30/2050. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Insurance.. Description: Amends the required coverage for shared cars that are made available through a peer-to-peer car-sharing program. Clarifies when the requirements for motor vehicle insurance coverage are satisfied. Provides that the counties may adopt ordinances to regulate peer-to-peer car-sharing vehicles for companies whose insurance coverage falls below an unspecified amount. Sunsets 7/1/2025. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Consumer Protection.. Description: Requires check cashers to report suspected financial exploitation of elders and vulnerable adults in relation to check cashing. Authorizes a check casher to refuse to cash a check in situations of suspected financial exploitation. Provides immunity for check cashers acting in good faith. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Alcohol.. Description: Establishes a definition of "low alcohol by volume spirits beverage". Establishes a tax on low alcohol by volume sprits beverages at a rate of $1.98 per wine gallon. Expands the definition of "beer" under the State's liquor tax and liquor regulatory laws, to specify that the term includes an alcohol by volume of no less than 0.5 per cent, but excludes certain other forms of distillation. Effective 6/30/3000. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Caregivers.. Description: Requires the Executive Office on Aging to establish a Workforce Development and Support Center. Requires the Center to develop a Workforce Pilot Project. Requires the Workforce Pilot Project to terminate on 6/30/2026. Appropriates funds. Effective 6/30/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Buildings.. Description: Requires state agencies to process the aggregated energy and water data of certain properties through the federal ENERGY STAR Portfolio Manager and submit the benchmarking data to the Hawaii state energy office. Appropriates funds. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Housing.. Description: Conditions the authority of a county whose population is greater than five hundred thousand to exercise state housing powers upon a county's continued compliance with provisions regarding acceptance of the dedication of infrastructure and public highways in affordable housing developments. Amends various provisions relating to the dedication of infrastructure to a county. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Land Use Commission.. Description: Specifies that a simple majority of affirmative votes of the members of the Land Use Commission present at a meeting and qualified to vote is required for any boundary amendment. Reduces the number of days within which the Land Use Commission must act for certain actions related to amendments to district boundaries. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To District Boundary Amendments.. Description: Authorizes the appropriate county land use decision-making authority to determine district boundary amendments involving land areas over fifteen acres but not over one hundred acres, except lands that are designated as important agricultural land or lands where the soil is classified by the Land Study Bureau's detailed land classification as overall (master) productivity class A or B if the county has adopted an ordinance that meets certain requirements. Requires each county land use decision-making authority whose county adopted an ordinance to submit a report to the Legislature. (CD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Housing.. Description: Provides a new source of interim financing for affordable housing projects using housing program in Chapter 201H, Hawaii Revised Statutes. Requires and appropriates moneys for the Hawaii Housing Finance and Development Corporation to conduct a study assessing the efficacy of housing credit programs. Requires a report to the Legislature. Sunsets 7/1/2028. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To State Funds.. Description: Appropriates funds to support the State's response to the August 2023 wildfires that affected the County of Maui. Requires the Auditor to conduct an audit on the contracts funded by the appropriation. Makes an appropriation to the One Ohana Bank Trust Account to compensate victims of the 2023 Maui wildfires. Repeals general obligation bond issuance and appropriation for the Other Post-Employment Benefits Trust Fund. Changes the 2024-2025 general fund appropriation to the Hawaii Housing Finance and Development Corporation to general obligation bond funds. Transfers to the general fund the excess balances of various non-general funds from various state departments and agencies. Temporarily lifts various restrictions on the use of funds for Maui wildfire response. Appropriates moneys. Declares that the appropriations exceed the state general fund expenditure ceiling for 2023-2024. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Agriculture.. Description: Establishes the Hawaii agricultural investment program within the Agribusiness Development Corporation to support local agricultural producers. Requires annual reports. Appropriates funds for program and positions. Effective 6/30/3000. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The University Of Hawaii.. Description: Appropriates funds to support the Aquaculture Disease Diagnostic Laboratory at the Department of Agriculture Animal Industry Division Veterinary Laboratory Services Branch, in partnership with the University of Hawaii College of Tropical Agriculture and Human Resources. Effective 6/30/3000. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To False Claims.. Description: Makes it a class C felony to make false, fictitious, or fraudulent claims against the government. Disqualifies a person convicted of making a false, fictitious, or fraudulent claim from holding elected office for five years. Takes effect 3/22/2075. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Fraud.. Description: Establishes the offense of fraud as a class B felony. Disqualifies a person charged with fraud from holding elected office for ten years. Takes effect 3/22/2075. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Mooring Lines.. Description: Requires that the securing of mooring lines from vessels requiring tug assistance to commercial docks, wharves, piers, quays, and landings be performed by a stevedoring company. Defines "stevedoring company". Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Public Records.. Description: Imposes a cap on charges for the reproduction of certain government records. Waives the cost of duplication of government records provided to requestors in an electronic format. Allows agencies to withhold certain deliberative documents before a decision is made. Imposes a cap on charges for searching for, reviewing, and segregating records. Provides for a waiver of fees when the public interest is served by a record's disclosure. Appropriates funds for positions in the Office of Information Practices. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Sunshine Law.. Description: Expands application of the State's sunshine law to legislatively appointed bodies, including task forces, working groups, commissions, special committees, and select committees. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Campaign Contributions.. Description: Amends the prohibition against contributions to a candidate committee or noncandidate committee by state and county contractors to include state and county grantees and the owners, officers, and immediate family members of a state or county contractor or state or county grantee. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Campaign Contributions.. Description: Prohibits state and county elected officials from soliciting and accepting campaign contributions during any regular session or special session of the state legislature, including any extension of any regular session or special session and any legislative recess days, holidays, and weekends.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Campaign Funds.. Description: Disallows a ballot issue committee to donate surplus funds to a community service, educational, youth, recreational, charitable, scientific, or literary organization. Disallows the use of campaign funds to purchase up to two tickets for an event or fundraiser held by another candidate or committee. Allows a candidate, treasurer, or candidate committee to make contributions to another candidate in an amount of not more than $2,000 per election period. Takes effect 3/22/2075. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Complaints Alleging Violations Of Campaign Spending Laws.. Description: Allows the Campaign Spending Commission to treat a respondent's failure to explain or otherwise respond to a complaint alleging a violation of campaign spending laws as a rebuttable presumption that a violation has occurred. Provides that the respondent shall have thirty days from the mailing of the complaint to respond before the presumption arises. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Motor Vehicle Safety Inspections.. Description: Requires the department of transportation to amend its administrative rules to allow motor vehicle owners whose motor vehicle registration and safety check are both expired to register their motor vehicle without first obtaining a certificate of inspection or obtain a certificate of inspection without first registering their motor vehicle. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Protective Orders.. Description: Expands the jurisdiction for a petition for a domestic abuse protective order to be in the family court in which the nonresident is located; the respondent resides; the subject of a petition that is a minor, incapacitated person, or person who is physically unable to go to the appropriate place; or the domestic abuse occurred. Expands the jurisdiction for petitions for temporary restraining orders due to harassment to be in the district court in which the nonresident is located; the respondent resides; or the harassment occurred. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Aquatic Nuisance Species.. Description: Authorizes the Department of Land and Natural Resources to adopt rules to prevent and respond to the introduction of aquatic nuisance species from discharges incidental to the normal operation of a vessel and contemplate the relationship between the federal Vessel Incidental Discharge Act of 2018, as amended, and state law. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Land Use.. Description: Requires the department of land and natural resources to prepare plans and a program to facilitate voluntary relocation of residential development away from areas at risk of sea level rise. Establishes the sea level rise relocation special fund. Allows the exchange of public land for private lands for the transfer of development rights or land exchanges to relocate private development away from high-risk areas. Appropriates funds. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Aquatic Resources.. Description: Expands the department of land and natural resources' rulemaking authority to include any rule deemed necessary to protect certain aquatic life. Expands the board of land and natural resources' authority to temporarily adopt, amend, or repeal certain natural resource rules by formal action at a publicly noticed meeting if the board finds that such adoption, amendment, or repeal is necessary to implement effective and adaptive management measures in response to new or previously benign aquatic nuisance species, in light of newly available technology, or in light of newly available data. Creates new fines for violations of rules pertaining to the department's prevention of or response to previously benign aquatic nuisance species. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Minors.. Description: Grants a circuit court, when sentencing a minor for a criminal offense or adult convicted of a felony criminal offense that was committed before reaching the age of majority, the discretion to impose a sentence that includes a period of incarceration that is as much as fifty per cent shorter than any mandatory minimum and, in certain cases, decline to impose a mandatory enhanced sentence. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Occupational Licensure.. Description: Establishes procedures and eligibility criteria for a privilege to practice public accountancy in this State for public accountants and certified public accountants licensed in another state with comparable education, examination, and experience requirements. Subjects all holders of a practice privilege to the regulatory and enforcement jurisdiction of the board of public accountancy. Sunsets 6/30/2025. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Hawaiian Affairs.. Description: Designates January 17 of each year as Reconciliation Day. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Affordable Housing.. Description: Requires the counties to adopt ordinances by 7/1/2024 to allow religious institutions, educational institutions, and medical institutions to build housing units on land that the institutions own for purchase in fee simple or use by the institutions, their employees, or their contractors, regardless of current zoning restrictions. Requires institutions to own housing units for thirty years before offering the housing units for sale. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Medical Release.. Description: Creates a medical release program within the Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation for certain ill or impaired inmates who pose a low risk to public safety. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Student Transportation.. Description: Requires the department of education to establish a student bus fare rate system to include free bus passes for students whose household qualifies the student for free or reduced price lunch under the free and reduced price lunch program. Appropriates funds. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The State Plan.. Description: Establishes green infrastructure objectives, policies, and priority guidelines for state facility systems, infrastructure, transit projects, and other areas in the Hawaii State Planning Act to improve the quality of life for residents and visitors. Adds definition of "green infrastructure". Requires the Office of Planning and Sustainable Development, in partnership with the Greenhouse Gas Sequestration Task Force, to submit a report to the Legislature making recommendations for implementing the green infrastructure objectives, policies, and priority guidelines. Establishes full-time equivalent ( .0 FTE) policy analyst positions within the Office of Planning and Sustainable Development. Appropriates funds. Effective 6/30/3000. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Long-term Care.. Description: Reestablishes the Long-Term Care Commission within the University of Hawaii College of Social Sciences' Social Science Research Institute to identify further needed reforms of Hawaii's long-term care system. Appropriates funds. Effective 6/30/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Education.. Description: Authorizes supplemental categorical funding for remote schools. Defines "remote school". Appropriates funds. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Education.. Description: Within the department of education formally establishes the trauma-informed education pilot program. Appropriates funds for one twelve-month complex area trauma-informed resource teacher permanent position and one district educational specialist II permanent position for the Castle-Kahuku complex area. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To State Enterprise Zones.. Description: Amends the definition of "eligible business activity" to include the processing of value-added agricultural products grown within an enterprise zone and the development or production of renewable energy. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Hawaii Healthy Aging Partnership.. Description: Appropriates funds to the Executive Office on Aging of the Department of Health for the Hawaii Healthy Aging Partnership. Effective 6/30/3000. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Education.. Description: Establishes and appropriates funds for the Hawaii teacher apprenticeship program to support, recruit, develop, and retain teachers for Hawaii public schools. Establishes the Hawaii teacher apprenticeship program special fund. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The University Of Hawaii.. Description: Establishes the Hookaulike: A Criminal Legal System Institute for Restoration and Healing, at the University of Hawaii William S. Richardson school of law. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Policing.. Description: Requires each county police department to collect, report, and publicly publish certain data regarding police stops, arrests, uses of force, and trends. Effective 12/1/23. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Health.. Description: Appropriates funds to the department of health to operate mobile clinics providing medication-assisted treatment throughout the State. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Small Boat Harbors.. Description: Appropriates funds out of the Boating Special Fund for      full-time equivalent positions under the Department of Land and Natural Resources to provide security at small boat harbors statewide. Effective 6/30/3000. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Department Of Education.. Description: Requires the Department of Education to assess its facilities and provide the legislature with a list of priority facilities in each county at which the installation of renewable energy systems on school facilities would provide the most benefit, provide a list of priority play areas on school campuses in each county that are most in need of covered play areas to protect children from over-exposure to heat and ultraviolet rays, and assess and report on the feasibility of including renewable energy systems on play area covers on school campuses. Requires a report to the legislature. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Sustainable Groundwater Yields.. Description: Requires the University of Hawaii, in consultation with the commission on water resource management, to develop a scope of work and cost analysis to complete a flexible groundwater model that proposes methods for determining the needs of traditional and customary Native Hawaiian practices, climate change projections, and groundwater dependent ecosystems. Requires a joint report to be submitted to the legislature by 11/1/2023. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Land Conservation Fund.. Description: Amends the maximum amount of conveyance tax revenues allocated to the Land Conservation Fund. Effective 6/30/3000. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Natural Energy Laboratory Of Hawaii Authority.. Description: Amends the statutory duties of the natural energy laboratory of Hawaii authority. Requires the authority to conduct certain activities in a culturally sensitive and environmentally appropriate manner and to engage in community outreach and education. Amends the authorized composition of the authority's board. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Health.. Description: Repeals existing law that requires the Department of Health to conduct unannounced visits and inspections, including inspections for relicensing or recertification, of state-licensed special treatment facilities. Requires the Department of Health to prioritize investigations of complaints against state-licensed or state-certified care facilities based on the degree of severity of the allegations. Clarifies that any person, corporation, or any other entity that provides health care or human services is prohibited from knowingly referring or transferring patients to an uncertified or unlicensed care facility. Repeals existing law providing that a landlord shall not be deemed to be providing home care services or operating a care facility that requires a license under specified conditions. Effective 6/30/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Hawaii State Building Code.. Description: Allows the counties to adopt a county building code for single-family dwellings, additional dwellings, duplexes, and non-commercial structures that has an unspecified amount of square feet of living area and is distinct from the Hawaii state building codes. Sunsets 6/30/2026. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Education.. Description: Beginning with the 2024-2025 school year, requires the department of education to include financial literacy in the personal transition plan requirement for each student. Appropriates funds for the establishment of a position dedicated to financial literacy within the department of education. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Emergency Medical Response.. Description: Requires each department of education school and public charter school to establish a critical emergency response team. Appropriates funds. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Agriculture.. Description: Establishes a food manufacturer tax credit. Defines "qualified taxpayer" as a manufacturer that produces value-added processed, agricultural, or food products. Applies to taxable years beginning after 12/31/2023. Effective 6/30/3000. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Renewable Energy.. Description: Establishes and appropriates funds for a solar energy storage system loan program to provide asset limited, income constrained, employed households with low-interest loans to purchase and install solar energy storage systems. Establishes and appropriates funds for a renewable energy system installation loan program to provide asset limited, income constrained, employed households with low-interest loans to purchase and install residential photovoltaic and energy storage systems, including battery storage systems. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Housing.. Description: Deposits funds into the Rental Housing Revolving Fund to be used to provide grants or loans to mixed-income rental projects or units qualifying individuals and families. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Natural Resources.. Description: Appropriates funds to the department of land and natural resources to address the impacts of climate change in the State. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Broadband.. Description: Appropriates general fund moneys that are required to match federal moneys for broadband programs. Appropriates moneys received by the State from the federal Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act for the broadband equity, access, and deployment program. Effective 6/30/3000. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Agricultural Lands.. Description: Makes technical changes to the statutory definitions of "agricultural enterprise lands" and "non-agricultural park lands" for clarification and consistency purposes. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Agricultural Loans.. Description: Establishes the agricultural emergency loan revolving fund, to be administered by the Department of Agriculture, to fund Class "D" loans. Appropriates funds. Effective 6/30/3000. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii enrolled a bill titled: Relating To Hemp.. Description: Repeals the requirement for additional rules by the Department of Agriculture to address nuisance issues, including smell, noise, and excessive lighting arising out of the activities of hemp growers. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Agriculture.. Description: Establishes a program specialist position within the Department of Agriculture and appropriates moneys to fund the position. Requires the grant specialist to prioritize assistance for farmers and ranchers who produce local food, at least some portion of which is consumed within the State. Effective 6/30/3000. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Sustainable Agriculture.. Description: Clarifies the requirements for participation under the cover crop reimbursement pilot program. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Criminal History Background Checks.. Description: Authorizes a fingerprint-based criminal history record check by the county police departments of applicants for licenses to sell, offer to sell, distribute, or otherwise transfer electric guns or cartridges. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Funding For The Department Of The Attorney General Tobacco Enforcement Unit.. Description: Amends the amount of funds within the tobacco enforcement special fund that may be carried over at the end of each fiscal year. Amends the amount of funds to be deposited to the credit of the tobacco enforcement special fund from the Hawaii tobacco settlement special fund. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Firearms.. Description: Prohibits firearms in certain locations and premises and provides for enhanced sentencing. Requires possession and disclosure of a license to carry. Prohibits leaving an unsecured firearm in a vehicle unattended. Prohibits consuming or being under the influence of alcohol, an intoxicating liquor, or a controlled substance when carrying a firearm. Prohibits carrying or possessing firearms on certain private property open to the public without express authorization. Requires annual reports from the Department of the Attorney General on carry licenses. Amends the requirements for, and revocation of, firearms permits and licenses. Amends the disqualification of persons from owning, possessing, or controlling a firearm. Expands the qualified immunity for health care providers who provide information on firearms applicants to include physician assistants and advanced practice registered nurses. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Government Fraud.. Description: Adds a new section to chapter 708, Hawaii Revised Statutes, to establish the class C felony offense of government fraud.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Labor Data Collection.. Description: Requires employers to maintain specified records. Allows the department of business, economic development, and tourism to collect and analyze employer information and data. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Department Of Business, Economic Development, And Tourism.. Description: Makes an appropriation to authorize general funds for the Department of Business, Economic Development, and Tourism for expenses related to building renovations. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Hawaii Technology Development Corporation.. Description: Amends the composition of the Hawaii Technology Development Corporation Board of Directors to include the Chairperson of the Board of Regents of the University of Hawaii, unless the Chairperson, with the approval of the Board of Regents, designates another Regent to serve. Changes the cap for awards to assist businesses applying for the Small Business Innovation Research Grant Program and the Small Business Technology Transfer Grant Program of the Hawaii Technology Development Corporation to an unspecified amount. Adds purchasing of renewable energy systems as an eligible expense, and clarifies that training on both new and existing manufacturing equipment is an eligible expense, for the Manufacturing Development Grant Program of the Hawaii Technology Development Corporation. Effective 6/30/3000. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Sea Level Rise Adaptation.. Description: Requires the Office of Planning and Sustainable Development, in cooperation with each state agency having operational responsibilities over state facilities, to develop a standardized process to conduct vulnerability assessments for facilities at risk from sea level rise and guidance to agencies on how to conduct the vulnerability assessments for their facilities. Appropriates funds. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Land Use.. Description: Requires the Office of Planning and Sustainable Development to conduct a study to refine rural district policies and make recommendations to facilitate the reclassification of lands from the agricultural district to the rural district. Requires reports to the Legislature. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Important Agricultural Lands.. Description: Clarifies the decision-making process for the adoption by the Land use Commission of county maps for the designation of important agricultural lands. Repeals the provision for farm dwelling and employee housing on important agricultural lands and adopts a new provision for farm cluster housing to incentivize the designation of lands as important agricultural lands. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Taxation.. Description: Establishes an employer child care tax credit for employers who provide or sponsor approved child care. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Public Employment Cost Items.. Description: Provides appropriations for collective bargaining cost items for the members of bargaining unit (3) and their excluded counterparts, including the cost of salary adjustments negotiated between the State and the bargaining unit representative for fiscal biennium 2023-2025. Effective 6/30/3000. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Public Employment Cost Items.. Description: Provides appropriations for collective bargaining cost items for the members of bargaining unit (4) and their excluded counterparts, including the cost of salary adjustments negotiated between the State and the bargaining unit representative for fiscal biennium 2023-2025. Effective 6/30/3000. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Public Employment Cost Items.. Description: Provides appropriations for collective bargaining cost items for the members of bargaining unit (6) and their excluded counterparts, including the cost of salary adjustments negotiated between the State and the bargaining unit representative for fiscal biennium 2023-2025. Effective 6/30/3000. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Public Employment Cost Items.. Description: Provides appropriations for collective bargaining cost items for the members of bargaining unit (8) and their excluded counterparts, including the cost of salary adjustments negotiated between the State and the bargaining unit representative for fiscal biennium 2023-2025. Effective 6/30/3000. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Public Employment Cost Items.. Description: Provides appropriations for collective bargaining cost items for the members of bargaining unit (9) and their excluded counterparts, including the cost of salary adjustments negotiated between the State and the bargaining unit representative for fiscal biennium 2023-2025. Effective 6/30/3000. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Public Employment Cost Items.. Description: Provides appropriations for collective bargaining cost items for the members of bargaining unit (10) and their excluded counterparts, including the cost of salary adjustments negotiated between the State and the bargaining unit representative for fiscal biennium 2023-2025. Effective 6/30/3000. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Public Employment Cost Items.. Description: Provides appropriations for collective bargaining cost items for the members of bargaining unit (13) and their excluded counterparts, including the cost of salary adjustments negotiated between the State and the bargaining unit representative for fiscal biennium 2023-2025. Provides appropriations for public employment cost items of the Legislative Branch for fiscal biennium 2023-2025. Effective 6/30/3000. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Public Employment Cost Items.. Description: Provides appropriations for collective bargaining cost items for the members of bargaining unit (14) and their excluded counterparts, including the cost of salary adjustments negotiated between the State and the bargaining unit representative for fiscal biennium 2023-2025. Effective 6/30/3000. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Repeal Of Act 192, Session Laws Of Hawaii 2007.. Description: Repeals Act 192, Session Laws of Hawaii 2007, which requires the employees' retirement system to divest itself of investments in companies that provide support for genocide in Darfur, Sudan, and provide annual reports to the legislature on the status of divestment. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Employees' Retirement System Disability Retirement.. Description: Clarifies the employees' retirement system's eligibility requirement definitions for service-connected disability and accidental death benefits. Effective 6/30/3000. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Homeland Security.. Description: Establishes protections for critical infrastructure information that is received or maintained by the Office of Homeland Security for use regarding the security of critical infrastructure. Effective 6/30/3000. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Act 278, Session Laws Of Hawaii 2022.. Description: Amends Act 278, Session Laws of Hawaii 2022, to modify the transfer of the personnel and functions of the department of the attorney general to the department of law enforcement, clarify that Act 278 does not amend or abrogate the attorney general's status as the chief legal and law enforcement officer of the State, specify that the statewide law enforcement training complex will be located at the first responder technology campus rather than the Mililani technology park, and transfer the responsibility and management of certain private security contracts from the department of law enforcement to the department of defense, department of health, and department of human services for their respective facilities. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Enhanced 911 Board.. Description: Amends chapter 138, Hawaii Revised Statutes, to add the director of the Department of Law Enforcement or the director's designee as a member of the Enhanced 911 Board.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Department Of Education.. Description: Repeals the department of education's weekly report on schools that have reported positive COVID-19 cases. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Educational Health Services.. Description: Replaces the term "school health aides" with "school health assistants" to reflect recent changes to the job title. Authorizes the administration of medication to public school students by school health assistants with the approval of a health care professional within the Department of Education, the Department of Health, or a health care service pursuant to a written agreement with the Department of Education. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Education.. Description: Changes the department of education's quarterly report on autism spectrum disorder to a semiannual report. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Income Tax.. Description: Increases the applicable percentage of employment-related expenses that is used to calculate the amount of the child and dependent care tax credit. Increases the cap amount on employment-related expenses that may be used to claim the child and dependent care tax credit. Annually adjusts the threshold amount of the child and dependent care tax credit by a cost-of-living adjustment factor. Increases the amount of the refundable earned income tax credit. Increases the income thresholds and credit amounts of the refundable food/excise tax credit. Sunsets these tax credits on December 31, 2028. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Housing.. Description: Establishes the Rental Deposit Loan Program. Amends the definition of "historic property". Temporarily requires the Department of Land and Natural Resources to retain a third-party consultant, under certain circumstances, to conduct review of certain historic preservation projects. Permits, rather than requires, a county legislative body to approve a housing development project for purposes of exempting the project from all laws and rules relating to the development of housing. Appropriates funds for the establishment of the Rental Deposit Loan Program. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Fees For Marriage Licenses.. Description: Increases the marriage license fee from $60 to $100. Increases the compensation for a marriage license agent from $9 to $15 per license. Authorizes deposits of marriage license fees into the Vital Statistics Improvement Special Fund. Adjusts the distribution of the marriage license fee among various domestic violence prevention special funds. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Executive Office On Aging.. Description: Clarifies the definitions of "caregiver support services", "kupuna care services", and "respite care" for the Executive Office on Aging's Kupuna Care Program. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Workforce Development.. Description: Amends chapter 202, Hawaii Revised Statutes, to be consistent with the General Appropriations Act of 2021, Act 88, Session Laws of Hawaii 2021. Renames "Workforce Development Council" "Hawaii Workforce Development Board" and "county workforce development board" "local workforce development board". Requires the Hawaii Workforce Development Board and local workforce development boards to develop written conflict of interest policies consistent with federal law and regulations. Requires the Governor to select the chairperson of the state board among the private sector members set forth in section 202-1(b)(4), Hawaii Revised Statutes. Repeals the requirement in 371-21(d), Hawaii Revised Statutes, for the DLIR to submit an annual report to the legislature on the activities of the K-12 agriculture workforce development pipeline initiative. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Wage And Hour Law.. Description: Amends the definition of "employee" in Hawaii's wage and hour law by repealing the definition's categorical exclusion of any employee who receives guaranteed compensation totaling $2,000 or more a month. Effective 6/30/3000. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To A State Boating Facility Lease Pilot Program.. Description: Establishes a state boating facility lease pilot program within the department of land and natural resources. Clarifies that a private partner under lease or contract with the department may assist with development, management, and maintenance of a state small boat harbor. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Road Usage Charge Program.. Description: Creates a mileage-based road usage charge to replace state motor fuel taxes, beginning on 7/1/2025, for electric vehicles. Eliminates the $50 annual state vehicle registration surcharge for electric vehicles. Allows electric vehicles a choice of paying a registration surcharge or a per-mile road usage charge until 2033. Requires motor vehicle registration applications to specify the type of fuel for which the vehicle is adapted. Requires certificates of inspection to state the odometer reading. Requires the department of transportation to plan for the deployment of a state mileage-based road user charge program by 2033 and submit a report to the legislature. Appropriates funds. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Leasehold Conversion.. Description: Excludes from taxation one hundred per cent of the gain realized by a fee simple owner from the sale of a leased fee interest in units within a condominium project, cooperative project, or planned unit development to the association of apartment owners or the residential cooperative housing corporation of the leasehold units. Applies to taxable years beginning after 12/31/2022 and does not apply to taxable years beginning after 12/31/2029. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Support For Traditional Native Speakers Of Hawaiian.. Description: Provides that, in any island with a population of five hundred or less, Hawaiian language shall be recognized as the sole indigenous language of the Hawaiian islands; public schools may offer a course in Hawaiian language; and every effort shall be made to accommodate Hawaiian speakers. Requires and appropriates funds for the state public charter school commission to study the Hawaiian language, publish resource materials for native speakers of the Hawaiian language, consult stakeholders, and submit a report to the legislature. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Incarcerated Women.. Description: Requires the McKinley Community School for Adults to work with Hawaii Friends of Restorative Justice to provide counseling services for incarcerated women participating in the education and reentry program for incarcerated women that is developed and administered by Hawaii Friends of Restorative Justice. Appropriates moneys as a chapter 42F, Hawaii Revised Statutes, grant for the University of Hawaii Windward Community College education and reentry program for incarcerated women that is developed and administered by Hawaii Friends of Restorative Justice. Authorizes the University of Hawaii Windward Community College to award grants to private entities. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Corrections.. Description: Appropriates moneys to the department of public safety to administer level I trauma-informed certification programs for adult corrections officers statewide. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Gender Parity In Programs For Incarcerated Women.. Description: Appropriates funds to the Hawaii Correctional System Oversight Commission to study all programming offered to persons incarcerated at correctional facilities and convene a group of incarcerated women for the purpose of identifying gaps in the programming offered to female inmates. Requires that the study be submitted to the Legislature by 6/30/2024. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Hawaii Correctional System Oversight Commission.. Description: Requires members of the Hawaii Correctional System Oversight Commission be subject to the advice and consent of the Senate. Extends the term of the Oversight Coordinator for the Hawaii Correctional System Oversight Commission. Requires the Commission to publish a summary of an investigation and any action taken by the Commission in response. Authorizes the Commission to hold a meeting closed to the public to discuss with the Oversight Coordinator a complaint investigated when necessary to maintain confidentiality, under certain conditions. Broadens the Oversight Coordinator's power to make inquiries, obtain information, and inspect the premises of agencies and correctional facilities. Effective 6/30/3000. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Equity.. Description: Requires all places of public accommodation constructed after 12/31/23 to provide universal changing accommodations in public restrooms. Where feasible and cost effective, requires all bids for state building construction, projects submitted after 6/30/2024 to provide universal changing accommodations in public restrooms. Effective 6/30/3000. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Mental Health.. Description: Appropriates funds for temporary positions to support the expansion of the University of Hawaii Windward Community College's mental health-related programs. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Coconut Rhinoceros Beetle Program.. Description: Appropriates funds for positions and activities related to coconut rhinoceros beetle infestation control. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Invasive Species.. Description: Appropriates funds to support the Hawaii ant lab in mitigating the effects of little fire ants in the State. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Guardianship.. Description: Part I: Amends the Uniform Probate Code to allow courts to appoint emergency guardians for respondents who reside in psychiatric facilities, hospitals, and homeless shelters. Extends the appointment period. Clarifies that guardians may consent to care, treatment, or service over the objection of wards. Sunsets 1/1/2028. Part II: Requires certain patients subject to emergency hospitalization to be assessed to determine whether a surrogate or guardian is needed to make appropriate health care decisions for the patient. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Health.. Description: Requires the Department of the Attorney General to assist with the preparation and filing of assisted community treatment petitions and related court proceedings for private petitioners, unless the petitioner declines the assistance. Authorizes the Family Court to use online hearings for assisted community treatment petitions. Requires the Department of the Attorney General to report to the Legislature prior to the Regular Sessions of 2024 and 2025 on the number of requests for assistance with petitions for assisted community treatment. Appropriates funds. Effective 6/30/2050. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Climate Change.. Description: Requires the Hawaii community development authority to consider the impacts of climate change, sea level rise, and climate-resilient development in the design and siting of buildings in the Kakaako and Kalaeloa community development districts. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Department Of Agriculture.. Description: Appropriates funds to the department of agriculture for the preparation of an environmental impact statement for lessees to drill non-potable water wells on individual parcels at Panaewa agricultural park. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Advancing Civic Engagement.. Description: Requires the public access room to establish and maintain an outreach and engagement program for primary, secondary, post-secondary, and community education. Requires the department of education and university of Hawaii to assign appropriate staff to coordinate with the public access room for the outreach and engagement program. Appropriates funds for one full-time equivalent (1.0 FTE) position to assist in effectuating this requirement. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Tax Credit For Research Activities.. Description: Adds a cap for the amount of tax credits for research activities that an eligible taxpayer and the taxpayer's related entities may receive per taxable year. Consolidates the survey and certification requirements for tax credits for research activities. Amends the annual aggregate cap on tax credits for research activities that the Department of Business, Economic Development, and Tourism may certify. Requires certification of the tax credits for research activities on a first-come, firstserved basis to be based on the date that a complete application is received, subject to certain conditions. Extends from December 31, 2024 to December 31, 2029, the sunset date for tax credits for research activities. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To An Economic Development District Planning Organization.. Description: Establishes the Hawaii Economic Development District Planning Organization. Designates the Hawaii Economic Development District Planning Organization as the district organization for purposes of implementing the United States Economic Development Administration-approved comprehensive economic development strategy. Establishes positions. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Noise Pollution.. Description: Establishes a private right of action for any person aggrieved by a violation of the Federal Aviation Act and existing federal laws to bring a civil action against the owner or operator of the helicopter in violation and collect damages and litigation costs. Effective 6/30/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Public Education.. Description: Establishes the Public Education Scholarship Program within the University of Hawaii to provide students who are residents of the State with school tuition in return for a service commitment to teach in a public school classroom of the Department of Education or Hawaii public charter school, under certain conditions. Appropriates funds. Effective 6/30/3000. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To A State Permitting Office.. Description: Requires the department of accounting and general services to establish a state permit pilot program to process building and infrastructure permits for construction of state-owned buildings, state roads and highways, and other construction on state lands. Appropriates funds. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Water Neutrality.. Description: Establishes the water neutrality task force to develop a plan for Hawaii to become water-neutral by the year 2050. Requires the task force to submit a report to the Legislature. Appropriates funds. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Medical Cannabis.. Description: Prohibits any person other than those authorized pursuant to chapter 329, part IX or chapter 329D, Hawaii Revised Statutes, from cultivating, producing, manufacturing, distributing, possessing, or dispensing cannabis for medical use. Clarifies that the definition of "distribution" within the definition of "medical use" is limited to the transfer of cannabis and cannabis paraphernalia from the qualifying patient's registered primary caregiver to the qualifying patient. Clarifies that the authorization for the medical use of cannabis does not apply to the cultivation, handling, or possession of a qualifying patient's cannabis for medical use, unless the person is the qualifying patient or the qualifying patient's registered primary caregiver. Increases the restriction on the number of qualifying patients who may use a grow site to fifty, unless an exemption is obtained by the Department of Health, and authorizes the Department of Public Safety to inspect grow sites for compliance. Establishes that a person who is not a qualifying patient, primary caregiver, qualifying out-of-state patient, or caregiver of a qualifying out-of-state patient or medical cannabis dispensary under chapter 329D, Hawaii Revised Statutes, shall not be afforded certain protections. Authorizes only a qualifying patient or their designated primary caregiver to cultivate cannabis after December 31, 2024. Repeals a provision in existing law that exempts certain qualifying patients from obtaining medical cannabis or manufactured cannabis products from authorized sources. Prohibits the mischaracterization or disguise of transactions arising out of the production, manufacture, sale, or distribution of cannabis intended for medical use as another type of compensation or expense. Clarifies that no qualifying patient, primary caregiver, qualifying out-of-state patient, or caregiver of a qualifying out-of-state patient shall use butane or any other...(see document for full description) (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Teacher Loans.. Description: Establishes a teacher loan program to encourage individuals to become teachers in hard-to-fill positions of department of education schools. Allows the loan to be forgiven after five years of teaching in a hard-to-fill position. Establishes a similar teacher loan program for public charter schools. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Criminal Property Damage.. Description: Amends the misdemeanor offense of criminal property damage in the third degree to include intentionally or knowingly damaging the property of another that is used in a business operation, without the other's consent in an amount exceeding $100. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Tourism.. Description: Requires the School of Travel Industry Management of the University of Hawaii to conduct a study that assesses the tourism social carrying capacity for each of the islands of Oahu, Maui, Hawaii, Kauai, Lanai, and Molokai. Requires the School of Travel Industry Management to consult with the Department of Health and Department of Land and Natural Resources and allows the school to consult with other entities. Appropriates funds. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Corrections.. Description: Appropriates funds for purchasing digital cameras for all adult correctional officer control rooms at state correctional facilities and body cameras for adult correctional officers to wear while on duty at state correctional facilities. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Right Of Entry For Professional Surveyors.. Description: Authorizes professional land surveyors and their assistants to enter private property to perform land surveying, subject to certain provisions. Shields land surveyors and their assistants from prosecution under criminal trespass laws when performing their duties. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Ambulances.. Description: Appropriates funds to the Department of Health to purchase of one advanced life support ambulance and related equipment to be based in central Maui, fund pay-related personnel costs for state-certified emergency medical services personnel, and increase the predictability and stability of available air ambulance services for all islands in the State. Effective 6/30/3000. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Housing.. Description: Authorizes the Hawaii Housing Finance and Development Corporation to issue bonds for housing project infrastructure and to finance the development of regional state infrastructure projects. Authorizes the issuance of general obligation bonds with the funds to be deposited into the Dwelling Unit Revolving Fund. Appropriates funds into and out of the Dwelling Unit Revolving Fund. Requires a report to the Legislature on the housing units to be generated by the infrastructure projects. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program Incentives.. Description: Appropriates funds to the Department of Agriculture for the continued administration of the Hawaii healthy food incentive program and to provide matching funds to beneficiaries who participate in the supplemental nutrition assistance program. Effective 6/30/3000. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Mamaki Tea.. Description: Imposes labeling requirements for mamaki tea grown in the State. Appropriates funds to the Department of Agriculture to administer the mamaki tea labeling requirements. Effective 7/1/3000. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Department Of Land And Natural Resources.. Description: Appropriates funds to establish homelessness coordinator positions on Maui, Oahu, Kauai, and Hawaii island within the Department of Land and Natural Resources. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Address Confidentiality.. Description: Changes the governmental entity responsible for the administration of the address confidentiality program from the office of the lieutenant governor to the department of the law enforcement. Authorizes the department of law enforcement to contract the services of a third party to administer certain services of the program. Appropriates funds for the address confidentiality program. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Special Purpose Digital Currency Licensure.. Description: Beginning 1/1/2024, establishes a program for the licensure, regulation, and oversight of special purpose digital currency companies. Extends operations of companies in the digital currency innovation lab under certain circumstances. Appropriates funds for three full-time equivalent (3.0 FTE) permanent examiners. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Hawaii Able Savings Program.. Description: Repeals language that gives the director of finance discretion to use moneys in the Hawaii ABLE savings program trust fund if the director elects to accept deposits from contributors instead of sending deposits directly to the ABLE program manager. Authorizes the director of finance to expend moneys in the Hawaii ABLE savings program trust fund to provide incentive payments to Hawaii public school ABLE account owners. Appropriates moneys to fund incentive payments. Establishes and appropriates moneys to fund one full-time equivalent (1.0 FTE) permanent position to provide statewide outreach, advocacy, and relationship management for the Hawaii ABLE savings program. Effective 6/30/2050. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Food Donations.. Description: Allows wild game to be donated as food. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Department Of Land And Natural Resources.. Description: Requires the department of land and natural resources to develop and implement a management system for Kaena point state park, Makua, and Keawaula regions. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Early Intervention Services.. Description: Establishes an Early Intervention Services Working Group within the Department of Health to study and recommend ways to assist and support deaf and hard of hearing children, including implementation strategies. Requires a report to the Legislature. Appropriates funds. Effective 6/30/3000. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Mental Health.. Description: Establishes provisional or associate-level licensure requirements for marriage and family therapists, mental health counselors, and psychologists and authorizes insurance reimbursements in certain circumstances. Requires psychologist license applicants to possess a doctoral degree and complete certain supervised experience requirements before sitting for the licensing examination. Authorizes insurance reimbursements for services provided by a supervised social work intern in certain circumstances. Appropriates funds. Effective 6/30/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Cancer.. Description: Appropriates funds to the University of Hawaii Cancer Center to conduct a multiethnic cohort study focusing on the social determinants of health, lifestyles, environmental exposures, and resilience factors of Native Hawaiians, Pacific Islanders, and Filipinos. Requires the Cancer Center to seek federal funding to complete the study. Effective 6/30/3000. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Water Conservation.. Description: Appropriates moneys to the City and County of Honolulu Board of Water Supply to create a pilot program that incentivizes residential homeowners in certain dry areas to replace landscaping and irrigation with alternatives that reduce water use. Requires report to the Legislature. Effective 6/30/3000. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Traffic Code.. Description: Allows operators of bicycles, motorcycles, and mopeds to proceed through an intersection on a steady red signal during certain hours if the traffic signal is controlled by a vehicle detection device that is inoperative due to the size or composition of the bicycle, motorcycle, or moped. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Environment.. Description: Establishes the Hawaii Zero Waste Initiative to, among other things, manage the State's transition to a zero solid waste economy. Establishes the Packaging Waste Advisory Council. Allows the establishment of a nonprofit producer responsibility organization. Requires the Department of Health to develop an assessment of statewide needs to determine the resources required to reduce packaging waste by seventy per cent from the baseline amount by 2035 and develop a program proposal and draft legislation to establish a producer-funded Packaging Reduction, Reuse, and Recycling Program. Appropriates funds. Effective 6/30/3000. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Tax Credits.. Description: Establishes a state income tax credit for qualified expenses incurred by certain individuals employed by the Department of Education, Hawaii state public library system, or as part of a head start program in a school. Effective 6/30/3000. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To School Bus Services.. Description: Appropriates funds to the Department of Education for school bus services. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Criminal Justice Reform.. Description: Part I: Expands the authorized issuance of citations in lieu of arrests. Authorizes a grace period after a missed initial court appearance. Part II: Amends various provisions related to pretrial release. Part III: Allows the court to order substance abuse assessment and treatment. Prohibits the arrest of a parolee, or the revocation of parole, solely due to the defendant having one positive test for drug use. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Mental Health.. Description: Requires the Director of Health to establish a Temporary Breakthrough Therapy Designation Advisory Council within 3 months of certain breakthrough therapy designation approvals by the United States Food and Drug Administration. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Labeling Of Macadamia Nuts.. Description: Clarifies labeling requirements for macadamia nuts. Requires country of origin to be included on the principal display panel of a consumer package of raw or processed macadamia nuts. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Food Safety.. Description: Appropriates funds to the Department of Agriculture to establish and implement a GroupGAP food safety training and certification program. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Medicaid Patient Care.. Description: Appropriates funds to provide enhanced payments for coronavirus disease 2019-related costs and lost revenues to adult residential care homes and developmental disabilities domiciliary homes that are caring for residents who receive Medicaid benefits, under certain conditions. Effective 6/30/3000. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Care Homes.. Description: Beginning on 7/1/2023, requires that the state supplemental payment for type 1 adult residential care homes, licensed developmental disabilities domiciliary homes, community care foster family homes, and certified adult foster homes not exceed $767. Beginning on 7/1/2023, requires that the state supplemental payment for type II adult residential care homes not exceed $875. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Pass-through Entity Taxation.. Description: Authorizes certain entities to elect to pay Hawaii income tax at the entity level through pass-through entities. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Hospital Sustainability Program.. Description: Makes various updates to the hospital sustainability program, including amending the definition of "private hospital"; clarifying the uses of the hospital sustainability program special fund; increasing various hospital sustainability fee caps; requiring DHS to consult and negotiate with the hospital trade association regarding fee participation and rates; clarifying when the hospital sustainability fee shall be discontinued and the distribution of remaining funds; repealing the sunset dates of Act 217, SLH 2012, and Act 123, SLH 2014, to make the program permanent and permanently exempting the program from the central service and administrative expenses assessments; and appropriating funds out of the special fund. Effective 06/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Sand Island State Recreation Area.. Description: Appropriates funds to the department of land and natural resources to prepare a master plan for the Sand Island state recreation area. Effective 6/30/3000. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Workforce Development.. Description: Beginning 1/1/2024, requires the Department of Business, Economic Development, and Tourism to administer a Workforce Development Incentive Rebate Program that incentivizes local independent film and television productions. Establishes a new Film Studio Tax Credit. Amends the administration of the Motion Picture, Digital Media, and Film Production Income Tax Credit by increasing the tax credit cap from $50,000,000 to $75,000,000 for calendar year 2024 and eliminating the ability for credits exceeding the tax cap to be allowed to be claimed after December 31, 2024. Appropriates funds. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Tourism.. Description: Establishes an Office of Tourism and Destination Management within the Department of Business, Economic Development, and Tourism that encompasses regenerative tourism and best practice destination management. Transfers the functions, duties, appropriations, and positions of the Hawaii Tourism Authority to the Office of Tourism and Destination Management. Requires the Office of Tourism and Destination Management to implement certain county destination management action plans. Dissolves the Hawaii Tourism Authority and the Board of Directors for the Hawaii Tourism Authority. Appropriates funds. (SD3)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Agriculture.. Description: Establishes a task force to identify the top ten fruits or vegetables that are imported into the State but may be commercially grown in the State. Creates an income tax credit to incentivize the production of those fruits or vegetables to obviate the need to import them into the State. Effective 6/30/3000. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Manufacturing.. Description: Creates an income tax credit to incentivize the food manufacturing industry in the State. Effective 6/30/3000. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Public Lands.. Description: Part I: Clarifies that the Board of Land and Natural Resources shall not unilaterally amend the terms and conditions of any lease of public lands being extended pursuant to Act 149, Session Laws of Hawaii 2018, except as otherwise provided therein; and if the Board of Land and Natural Resources wishes to amend the terms and conditions of any lease of public lands being extended to reflect the Board's most current lease form and leasing practices and policies, such lease form and leasing practices and policies must be included in the rules of the Board. Defines "lease of public lands". Part II: Establishes a temporary public land trust working group within the Office of the Governor for administrative purposes only. Provides that the working group's sole purpose shall be to compile a definitive inventory of public land trust lands. Authorizes the working group to hire staff. Part III: Appropriates moneys to the Office of Hawaiian Affairs to be used for making repairs to bulkheads and revetments located in certain parcels conveyed to the Office. PART IV: Requires and appropriates moneys for the Office of Hawaiian Affairs to conduct a programmatic environmental impact statement for any development projects within the Kakaako Makai area of the public land trust. Part V: Appropriates moneys to the Office of Hawaiian Affairs for certain construction costs for the development of Kukaniloko.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Department Of Land And Natural Resources.. Description: Appropriates funds to the Department of Land and Natural Resources for operating costs and personnel to manage certain trailheads as part of the Na Ala Hele trail and access program. Effective 6/30/3000. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Housing.. Description: Appropriates funds to the Hawaii Public Housing Authority for the planning and design for new housing units at the Kapaa public housing project site in Kapaa, Kauai. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Cesspools.. Description: Part I: Establishes and appropriates funds for a county cesspool pilot program in the Department of Health to work with each county to identify a priority area to expand the county sewage system or other centralized treatment system to connect individual properties in the priority area and reduce or eliminate cesspools in the identified area. Part II: Creates a cesspool conversion section in the Department of Health to facilitate the conversion of cesspools within the State. Establishes and appropriates funds for positions. Part III: Requires the Department of Health to retain qualified consultants to identify necessary public outreach and education resources and tools, and develop a comprehensive public outreach strategy and educate homeowners regarding the State's cesspool upgrade, conversion, and connection requirements and deadlines. Part IV: Establishes, for all taxable years after December 31, 2023, an income tax credit for the cost of upgrading or converting a qualified cesspool to a Director of Health-approved wastewater system or connecting to a sewerage system. Requires that, effective 11/1/23, certain information regarding cesspools on real property be included in seller mandatory disclosures for real property transactions. Effective 6/30/3000. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Collective Bargaining.. Description: Allows telecommunications and emergency dispatchers and employees who perform similar functions employed by the State and counties to collectively bargain. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Natural Resources.. Description: Requires the commission on water resource management and division of aquatic resources of the department of land and natural resources, in partnership with the University of Hawaii and department of health, to conduct research on limu to understand the impacts of groundwater use on groundwater-dependent ecosystems. Requires a joint report to legislature. Appropriates funds. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Environmental Protection.. Description: Requires the Department of Transportation to conduct a two-year study on the maximized use of recycled asphalt across the State. Requires a report to the Legislature. Effective 6/30/3000. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Digital Equity.. Description: Establishes the digital equity grant program to award grants to applicants to deploy digital equity projects to covered populations in the State. Appropriates funds. Effective 6/30/3000. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Employee Benefits.. Description: Extends under certain conditions, the family leave period for up to eight weeks for employees who are unable to perform their employment duties due to the birth of a child who is required to stay in a neonatal intensive care unit. Requires the Civil Rights Commission to amend its rules to include neonatal care as a related medical condition wherever the phrase "pregnancy, childbirth, or other related condition" or any similar phrase is used. Effective 6/30/2032. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Libraries.. Description: Prohibits any contract or license agreement between a publisher and library in the State from precluding, limiting, or otherwise restricting the library from performing customary operational and lending functions; restricting the library from disclosing any terms of its license agreements to other libraries; and requiring, coercing, or enabling a library to violate rules regarding confidentially of a patron's library records. Deems contracts that contain prohibited provisions an unfair or deceptive act or practice and void and unenforceable. Prohibits libraries from copying or printing purchased electronic literary material. Exempts existing contracts that provide libraries with electronic literary products from vendors and aggregators. Effective 6/30/3000. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Energy.. Description: Requires the Public Utilities Commission to design and administer an Electric Vehicle Charging System Loan Program to provide loans to certain applicants who install eligible electric vehicle charging systems. Appropriates funds. Effective 6/30/3000. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Value-added Products.. Description: Establishes a food and product innovation network within the Agribusiness Development Corporation. Appropriates funds for food and product innovation facilities on the islands of Molokai, Oahu, and Hawaii. Effective 6/30/3000. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The University Of Hawaii At Hilo.. Description: Establishes the institute of indigenous education, science, and outreach within the University of Hawaii at Hilo. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Eviction Mediation.. Description: Beginning 11/1/2023, establishes a pre-litigation mediation pilot program that extends the period for a notice of termination of the rental agreement from 5 business days to 10 calendar days, requires landlords to participate in mediation before filing an action for summary possession, and requires landlords to provide specific information in the 10-calendar-day notice to tenants and a mediation center that offers free mediation for residential landlord-tenant disputes. Appropriates funds for a pre-litigation mediation pilot program. Creates and appropriates funds for an emergency rent relief program. Repeals on 11/1/2025. Effective 6/30/3000. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Rehabilitation.. Description: Amends the Criminal Justice Diversion Program including allowing examination of defendants via telehealth. Requires the Judiciary, in consultation with other stakeholders, to submit monthly and annual reports to the Legislature on the effectiveness of agreements for post-booking jail diversion programs for district and circuit court in the first circuit. Amends the allowable period of court-ordered assisted community treatment and considerations for extensions. Allows courts to require certain probation violators to undergo mental health evaluation and treatment as a condition of continued probation. Requires the Department of Health to contract with behavioral health crisis centers and to establish a statewide Hawaii Urgency Response Center. Restores funding for probation officer services for the mental health court. Effective 7/1/3023. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Liquor Licenses.. Description: Increases the liquor manufacturing limits for Class 18 small craft producer pub license holders. Effective 6/30/3000. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Kupuna Care Program.. Description: Appropriates funds to the Department of Health for the Kupuna Care Program within the Executive Office on Aging. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Hawaii Employer-union Health Benefits Trust Fund.. Description: Encourages the EUTF to consider investment opportunities in industries that will sustain Hawaii's natural environment or produce economic opportunities for its residents, including renewable energy businesses and businesses that use investment capital to acquire the infrastructure and services needed to become energy sustainable. Appropriates funds to the EUTF. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Employees' Retirement System Of The State Of Hawaii.. Description: Encourages the employees' retirement system, in evaluating venture capital investments, to consider opportunities in industries that will sustain Hawaii's natural environment or produce economic opportunities for its residents, including renewable energy businesses and businesses that use the investment capital to acquire the infrastructure and services needed to become energy sustainable. If the employees' retirement system board of trustees determines that it is not prudent to invest in any Hawaii venture capital meeting this description, requires the board to report the rationale for the decision in its annual report to the legislature. Appropriates funds. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Native Hawaiian Affairs.. Description: Appropriates funds to certain departments to improve Native Hawaiian communities and cultural practice and preservation through various assistance services. Effective 6/30/3000. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Water Resources.. Description: Appropriates funds as a grant-in-aid to the City and County of Honolulu Board of Water Supply to plan, design, and construct, after consultation with the Department of Health and the Commission on Water Resource Management, 7 monitoring wells and an exploratory well. Requires the City and County of Honolulu to provide matching funds. Effective 6/30/3000. (SD2)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Affordable Housing Development.. Description: Extends the deadline for a county's legislative body to take action on an affordable housing project from forty-five days to sixty days. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Veterinary Medicine.. Description: Prohibits animal owners and their employees from performing any surgical procedures on the owner's pet animal or pet animals. Provides that a violation of the prohibition is a misdemeanor. Clarifies that the offense of cruelty to animals in the first degree does not apply to accepted veterinary practices when the practices are performed by a licensed veterinarian. Repeals exemption of cropping and docking as customarily practiced under the offense of cruelty to animals in the first degree. (SD2)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Burial Councils.. Description: Allows any burial council member whose term has expired to continue in office as a holdover member until the member's reappointment to a second term is confirmed or a successor is nominated and appointed. Prohibits holdover members from holding office beyond the end of the fourth regular session of the legislature following the expiration of the member's term of office. (SD2)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Fire Protection.. Description: Notwithstanding a collective bargaining agreement or executive policy in effect on and after 7/1/2028, requires that an employer of firefighters maintains its fire staffing service at a level of not less than four on-duty firefighters in each company. Takes effect 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Death Benefits.. Description: Increases the amount of death benefits paid by the Department of Human Services to cover the cremation and disposition costs for a deceased person who was eligible for medical or financial assistance at the time of the person's death and whose body is unclaimed. Appropriates funds. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Education.. Description: Establishes the Hawaii Registered Teacher Apprenticeship Program, to be administered by the Hawaii Teacher Standards Board. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The University Of Hawaii Promise Program.. Description: Provides scholarships for the unmet needs of qualified students at any four-year University of Hawaii campus who meet certain criteria. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Transportation.. Description: Increases fines for violations of certain traffic laws and required motor vehicle insurance minimums. Establishes minimum and maximum sentences for persons convicted of violations of certain traffic laws. Amends the minimum liability coverage thresholds to unspecified amounts. Establishes a separate prohibition on driving motor vehicles having noisy mufflers on public highways in high-density areas. Establishes separate fines for violations of motor scooter and motor vehicle muffler regulations. Defines "high-density areas". Establishes fines for placing any device upon a vehicle designed to immobilize the vehicle without consent of the owner of the vehicle. Effective 7/1/3000. (SD2)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Suicide Prevention And Awareness Month.. Description: Amends Act 36, SLH 2019, to change the effective date from 7/1/2050 to 7/1/2024.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Land Use.. Description: Between 7/1/2024 and 12/31/2026, authorizes each county planning commission to petition for the redistricting of lands from agricultural districts to rural districts through the Land Use Commission's declaratory ruling process. Sunsets 12/31/2027. Effective 7/1/3000. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To State Water Code Penalties.. Description: Adds a minimum penalty and amends the maximum penalty per violation of the State Water Code, expands the types of potential violations of the State Water Code, and makes each day that a violation exists or continues to exist a separate offense. Requires the Commission on Water Resource Management to consider certain factors when imposing penalties. Makes the setting, charging, and collecting of administrative fines by the Commission on Water Resource Management mandatory, rather than discretionary. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Adaptation Pathways Planning.. Description: Expands the authority of the State and counties to develop adaptation pathways plans to modify and relocate infrastructure away from critically threatened areas to locations outside sea level rise and coastal flooding exposure areas. Declares that the general fund expenditure ceiling is exceeded. Appropriates funds. Takes effect 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Restoration Of Beach Lands.. Description: Amends the definition of "beach restoration" used in laws governing the Board of Land and Natural Resources' powers to engage in beach restoration to include activities undertaken to maintain and improve beaches and dune systems through management of sand and native dune vegetation, remove abandoned and remnant manmade materials from beaches and dunes that pose a risk to public health and coastal ecosystems, and nourish eroded beaches through the placement of compatible sand from an outside or adjacent source, with or without stabilizing structures. Effective 7/1/3000. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Aquatic Resources.. Description: Expands the Department of Land and Natural Resources' rulemaking authority to include any rule to impose restrictions or requirements deemed necessary to protect certain aquatic life. Expands the Board of Land and Natural Resources' authority to temporarily adopt, amend, or repeal certain natural resource rules by formal action at a publicly noticed meeting if the board finds that such adoption, amendment, or repeal is necessary to implement effective and adaptive management measures in light of newly available technology, or in light of newly available data. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To State Employment.. Description: Establishes and appropriates funds for permanent positions within the Employee Staffing Division of the Department of Human Resources Development for the recruitment and retention of state employees. Declares that the general fund expenditure ceiling is exceeded. Takes effect 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Transportation.. Description: Permits a shipping container chassis that holds a valid out-of-state certificate of vehicle registration to obtain a certificate of safety inspection. Makes an out-of-state registration for a shipping container chassis valid in the State until its expiration in the other state or for one year after a vehicle safety inspection. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Condominiums.. Description: Excludes a homeowner-developer from the annual requirement to file a developer's report and pay a fee if the homeowner's development consists of not more than two units, one in which the developer resides and one for which the initial sale of the other unit has been completed. Takes effect 7/1/2040. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Consumer Health Data.. Description: Establishes requirements, including additional disclosures and consumer consent, regarding the collection, use, and sharing of consumer health data information. Establishes rights for consumers regarding their health data, including the right to have health data deleted. Prohibits the sale of consumer health data without a consumer's signed valid authorization. Prohibits the erection of a geofence around health care centers. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Motor Vehicle Towing Fees.. Description: Authorizes tow operators to charge a towing surcharge of no more than $35 if the tow involves overturned vehicles. Increases the statutory caps on certain towing charges. Requires that a towing company that charges fees to tow vehicles left unattended on private and public property to accept payment by the vehicle owner for charges by cash, credit card, and debit card and not direct an individual to use an on-site automated teller machine in lieu of accepting payment by credit card and debit card. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Animal Cruelty.. Description: Amends the criminal penalties for various animal cruelty offenses by increasing the category of offense. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Wildfire Prevention.. Description: Appropriates funds to the department of land and natural resources to develop a native plant nurseries and seed bank initiative program. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Labor Education Advisory Council.. Description: Specifies that the Labor Education Advisory Council shall be advisory to the President of the University of Hawaii on all activities and programs of the Center for Labor Education and Research. Requires written responses addressing the Council's advice and adoption of resolutions by the President and Chancellor of the University of Hawaii, West Oahu campus. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Microenterprise Kitchens.. Description: Establishes a regulatory framework for microenterprise home kitchens. Authorizes the Department of Health to adopt rules regarding microenterprise home kitchens; grant and revoke permits; issue food safety manager certificates; charge fees; and conduct inspections. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Land Conservation Fund.. Description: Increases the maximum amount of conveyance tax revenues allocated to the land conservation fund. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Hawai'i Health Aging Partnership.. Description: Appropriates funds to the Executive Office on Aging for the Hawaii Healthy Aging Partnership. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Expungement.. Description: Creates a pilot project, to be administered by the Department of the Attorney General, for a state-initiated expungement process of arrest records concerning certain marijuana offenses under section 712-1249, HRS. Requires the Hawai?i Criminal Justice Data Center to submit reports to the Legislature. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Open Meetings.. Description: Clarifies that members of the public may sue a board or alleged board after receiving an adverse Office of Information Practices decision, and that the decision will be reviewed de novo. Establishes a two-year statute of limitations to bring the lawsuit and reaffirms a complainant's right to seek review by the Office of Information Practices first. Recognizes that only a member of the public may recover attorney's fees and costs if that person prevails in an open meetings lawsuit. Requires that persons suing for open meetings law violations notify the Office of Information Practices about the lawsuit so that it may decide whether to intervene. Requires open meetings lawsuits that seek to void a board's final action to be prioritized by the courts. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The Sunshine Law.. Description: Requires boards to make available for public inspection board packets, if created, at the time the board packet is distributed to board members but no later than two business days before the board meeting. Provides that public testimony may be distributed to board members before the board meeting. Requires boards to include in the notice to persons requesting notification of meetings, a list of the documents that were compiled by the board and distributed to board members before a board meeting for use at the meeting. Requires boards to post board packets on its website. (SD2)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The Sunshine Law.. Description: Requires public meeting notices to inform members of the public how to provide remote oral testimony in a manner that allows the testifier, upon request, to be visible to board members and other meeting participants. Recognizes a board's authority to remove and block individuals who disrupt meetings. Takes effect 1/1/2025. (SD2)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Open Meetings.. Description: Requires boards to schedule a meeting for deliberation and decision-making on a report by an investigative group at least six business days after the board meeting in which the investigative group presented the findings and recommendations of its investigation to the board. (SD2)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Criminal Justice Reform.. Description: Authorizes a forty-eight-hour grace period after a missed initial court appearance. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Criminal Justice Reform.. Description: Allows the court to order substance abuse assessment and treatment of a defendant before trial. Prohibits the revocation or forfeiture of parole or arrest of a parolee solely due to the parolee having one positive test for drug or alcohol use. Takes effect 4/14/2112. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Office Of The Public Defender.. Description: Appropriates funds for four deputy public defender positions within the Office of the Public Defender and requires that one of the positions be assigned to the family court section. Declares that the general fund expenditure ceiling is exceeded. Takes effect 4/14/2112. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Law Enforcement Officers.. Description: Requires law enforcement agencies and the Law Enforcement Standards Board to consult the National Decertification Index and report certain information related to a law enforcement officer's certification status to the Index. Takes effect 7/1/2026. (SD2)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Hydrologic Data Collection.. Description: Appropriates funds to improve the State's water resource management and hydrologic data collection. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Insurance.. Description: For policies, contracts, plans, and agreements issued or renewed after 12/31/2024, requires the insurers, mutual benefit societies, and health maintenance organizations to provide coverage for standard fertility preservation services for persons undergoing medically necessary treatment that may cause iatrogenic infertility. Effective 12/31/2050. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Urban Development.. Description: Part II: Prohibits county zoning ordinances from not allowing two or more additional dwelling units per residential lot within an urban district. Prohibits private covenants for residential lots within a state urban land use district from including certain limitations or restrictions on residential units. Part III: Requires the director of the county agency responsible for land use to review and act on any application for subdivision, consolidation, or resubdivision of certain parcels within the state urban land use district. Part IV: Amends the calculation of impact fees for certain developments. Effective 1/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Housing.. Description: Requires the School Facilities Authority to work with the Department of Education to prioritize projects for the construction of educator workforce housing that will house teachers and other staff of the Department. Requires the School Facilities Authority to include in its annual report to the Legislature its planned actions toward increasing educator workforce housing. Requires the Department of Education to collaborate with certain state and county agencies to submit a preliminary report to the Legislature on the status of lands designated to be transferred to the Department of Education. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Condominiums.. Description: Authorizes the use of electronic mail to deliver certain documents when purchasing a condominium. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To County Labor Standards.. Description: Authorizes the counties to require employers to disclose information regarding its employees' wages, benefits, hours, and employment status and deny, revoke, or suspend a building permit application for violating laws relating to wages, benefits, hours, and employment status, under certain conditions. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Hawaii Employer-union Health Benefits Trust Fund Base Composite Monthly Contribution.. Description: Increases the employer base composite monthly contribution effective 1/1/2025 by 5.2 per cent of the 2024 employer base. Provides that effective 1/1/2026, the employer base composite monthly contribution will be based on the change in medicare part B premiums from 2024 to 2025 and at a two-year lag thereafter. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Collective Bargaining.. Description: Requires the employer to initiate negotiations on repricing of classes within a bargaining unit within thirty days of its receipt of the exclusive representative's written request to negotiate. Establishes that the employer's failure to initiate the negotiation within the required time frame and the parties' failure to reach an agreement within one hundred fifty days of the exclusive representative's written request to negotiate or by January 31 of a year in which the collective bargaining agreement is due to expire, whichever is earlier, constitutes an impasse to which the impasse procedures shall apply, under certain conditions and limitations. Sunsets 6/30/2029. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To General Employee Orientation.. Description: Allows an employee or the exclusive representative, if applicable, to file a complaint with the Hawaii Labor Relations Board if the employer fails to comply with section 78-64, Hawaii Revised Statutes, relating to general employee orientation. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Indebtedness.. Description: Establishes the time within which a disbursing officer must notify an employee of indebtedness to the government resulting from salary or wage overpayment after making a determination of the amount of indebtness. Amends the amount a disbursing officer shall deduct to begin immediate recovery of indebtedness based on an employee's gross income. Takes effect 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To State Position Vacancies.. Description: Requires the Department of Human Resources Development to include information and data on the vacancies of the executive branch in its annual report to the Legislature. Declares that the general fund expenditure ceiling is exceeded. Appropriates funds. Takes effect 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Board Of Education.. Description: Requires the board of education to invite the exclusive representative for bargaining unit (5) (teachers and other personnel of the department of education) to appoint a nonvoting public school teacher representative to the board and the exclusive representative for bargaining unit (6) (educational officers) to appoint a nonvoting public school administrator representative to the board. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Safety Of Educational Workers.. Description: Requires the Department of Education and public charter schools to take certain steps to report incidents of harassment and implement procedures for handling harassment of educational workers. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD2)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Tax Credits.. Description: Establishes a state income tax credit for qualified expenses incurred by certain individuals employed by the Department of Education, a public charter school, the Hawaii State Public Library System, or as part of a head start program in a school. Effective 7/1/3000. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Education.. Description: Pursuant to a collective bargaining agreement negotiated for Bargaining Unit (5), provides annual salary step increases for public school teachers and educational officers who have completed a year's satisfactory service and comply with specified requirements. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Education.. Description: Establishes the qualified internship grant program within the Department of Education to provide grants to businesses and organizations that employ qualified interns participating in work-based learning through a qualified internship program. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD2)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Education.. Description: Requires the DOE to work with the BOE to create a public digital platform by the 2027-2028 school year that shows how schools are adopting high-quality instructional materials for K-12 English language arts.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Education.. Description: Requires all public schools to implement universal screenings for students in kindergarten through third grade to identify and support students who are at risk of dyslexia and other learning disabilities. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Capital Gains.. Description: Taxes capital gains income at the same rate as ordinary income. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To A Child Tax Credit.. Description: Establishes a refundable child tax credit. Applies to taxable years beginning after 12/31/2024. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Public Corruption.. Description: Increases the penalties for bribery offenses under certain circumstances by establishing new offenses for bribery in the first and second degrees. Defines "bribery" for the purposes of these offenses. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Campaign Finance.. Description: Authorizes candidates and their candidate committees to donate residual campaign funds to the general fund of the State or to the real property tax general fund of any county of the State. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The General Excise Tax.. Description: Exempts from the general excise tax amounts received by a hospital, infirmary, medical clinic, health care facility, pharmacy, or a medical practitioner for health care related goods and services purchased under Medicaid, Medicare, or TRICARE. Takes effect 12/31/2050. Sunsets 1/1/2026. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The University Of Hawaii Tuition And Fees Special Fund.. Description: Specifies conditions for exemptions for the University of Hawaii from sections 87A-39(a) and 88-125(a), HRS. Amends the formulation of general fund budget appropriation in proportion to the amount of regular tuition and related fee revenues estimated for the respective fiscal year. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Pet Sales.. Description: Requires retail pet stores to maintain and provide certain records relating to the source and medical history of each pet animal obtained by the store. Authorizes retail pet stores to showcase dogs and cats owned by a nonprofit animal welfare organization. Effective 1/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Insurance.. Description: Increases the reimbursement rate for chiropractic treatments for personal injury protection benefits under motor vehicle insurance from $75 to $100. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Environment.. Description: Requires the Department of Health to conduct a statewide needs assessment and establish an advisory council to determine what would be needed to transition to a more circular system with less waste generation, more reuse, and an extended producer responsibility program for packaging materials and paper products. Declares that the general fund expenditure ceiling is exceeded. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/3000. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Environment.. Description: Requires newly installed or modified individual wastewater systems that are near the shoreline, or likely to pollute groundwater, to include denitrification capacity. Takes effect 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Offender Reentry Programs.. Description: Expands programming and training for the comprehensive offender reentry program under the Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation to reduce the rate of recidivism and increase inmate marketability and work-force-readiness. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Professional Engineers.. Description: Clarifies that code compliance review of plans for construction applicable to the specific engineering field is considered lawful experience in engineering work for employees of municipalities. Effective 7/1/3000. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Cesspools.. Description: Requires cesspools attached to or used by housing or lodging that provides transient accommodations to be upgraded, converted, or connected before 1/1/2035 for priority level 1 cesspools and before 1/1/2040 for priority level 2 cesspools. Takes effect 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To State Finances.. Description: Authorizes the Hawaii Housing Finance and Development Corporation, subject to legislative approval, to secure a line of credit or other instrument of indebtedness for the bond volume cap recycling program. Authorizes the Corporation or a county to establish a bond volume cap recycling program authorized by federal law. Allows the Department of Budget and Finance and Corporation to enter into an agreement with a county for bond volume cap recycling. Establishes a volume cap recycling program subaccount within the Rental Housing Revolving Fund. Requires a county or issuer to submit a report to the Department of Budget and Finance and Corporation on the status or use of its portion of the volume cap that is being recycled. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Housing.. Description: Authorizes HHFDC to issue bonds for housing project infrastructure and finance the development of regional state infrastructure projects. Exempts bonds issued by HHFDC for improvements by assessments, and the interest thereon, from state, county, and municipal taxation, with certain exceptions. Includes proceeds from bonds issued for regional state infrastructure projects as a source of revenue for regional state infrastructure subaccounts. Authorizes regional state infrastructure subaccount revenues to be used to repay regional state infrastructure project bond holders. Effective 7/1/3000. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Housing.. Description: Prohibits the Hawaii Housing Finance and Development Corporation from forgiving any loan made from the Rental Housing Revolving Fund unless the Corporation forecloses on the project. Amends the permitted uses of and priority for which moneys in the Rental Housing Revolving Fund are to be used. Repeals the authorization to use Rental Housing Revolving Fund to provide grants. Requires the Corporation to submit a report to the Legislature on plans to revolve funds back into the Rental Housing Revolving Fund. Applies to Rental Housing Revolving Fund applications submitted after 6/30/2024. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Elections.. Description: Prohibits the distribution of synthetic media messages in advertisements before an election that a person knows or should have known are deceptive and fraudulent deepfakes of a candidate. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To School Bus Services.. Description: Authorizes the use of motorcoaches, small buses, and vans for school bus services if certain conditions are met. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Taxation.. Description: Establishes a refundable Family Caregiver Tax Credit for nonpaid family caregivers. Requires the Department of Taxation to report to the Legislature before the convening of each Regular Session. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD2)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Fall Prevention.. Description: Appropriates funds to support the Department of Health's Senior Fall Prevention Campaign. Declares that the appropriation exceeds the state general fund expenditure ceiling for 20242025. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Dementia.. Description: Requires the law enforcement standards board to develop training materials related to the recognition and signs of Alzheimer's disease and related types of dementia. Requires law enforcement officers to review training materials for at least one hour per year. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Missing Persons.. Description: Establishes a silver alert program within the Department of Law Enforcement to help locate and safeguard missing persons who are sixty years of age or older, cognitively impaired, or developmentally disabled. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD2)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Education.. Description: Beginning with the 2024-2025 school year, requires the Department of Education to provide free breakfast and lunch to all students enrolled in department schools. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Household And Dependent Care Services Tax Credit.. Description: Amends income tax brackets. Temporarily amends the applicable percentage of the employment-related expenses for which the child and dependent care income tax credit may be claimed and permanently provides for a disallowance period when there is a final administrative or judicial decision finding that the claim was due to fraud or disallowing the credit. Amends state conformity with certain federal deductions. Takes effect 12/31/2050. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Dental Hygienists.. Description: Authorizes dental hygienists who are under the general supervision of a licensed dentist to perform preventive dental sealant screenings and apply dental sealants on certain individuals in a school-based oral health program. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The University Of Hawaii.. Description: Establishes a three-year summer tuition pilot program to provide funding to UH community colleges to offset the costs aligning the resident tuition rates for the summer semester with the resident tuition rates for the spring and fall semesters at the community colleges. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD2)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To World Peace Day.. Description: Designates September 21 of each year as World Peace Day. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Hawaii Community Development Authority.. Description: Establishes the Panaewa Community Development District to allow for planning, development, and maintenance of public lands in Panaewa, Hawaii. Amends membership of the Hawaii Community Development Authority to include representatives of the Panaewa Community Development District. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD2)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Hemp.. Description: Makes a conforming amendment to allow the Department of Health, or its designee, to conduct criminal history record checks on applicants for hemp processor permits. Sunsets 7/1/2027. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD2)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Taxation.. Description: For taxable years beginning after 12/31/2024, temporarily reinstates the Technology Infrastructure Renovation Tax Credit and expands the definition of "technology-enabled infrastructure" to include data servers. Sunsets the tax credit for taxable years beginning after 12/31/2027. Takes effect 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Vaccines.. Description: Appropriates moneys. Effective 7/1/2051. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The State Budget.. Description: Adjusts and requests appropriations for fiscal biennium 2023-2025 funding requirements for operations and capital improvement projects of Executive Branch agencies and programs. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To State Bonds.. Description: Authorizes issuance of general obligation bonds. Makes findings required by Article VII, Section 13, of the Hawaii State Constitution to declare that the issuance of authorized bonds will not cause the debt limit to be exceeded. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The University Of Hawaii Revenue Bonds.. Description: Authorizes the Board of Regents of the University of Hawaii to issue revenue bonds for the purpose of financing capital improvement projects. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Pass-through Entity Taxation.. Description: For pass-through entities electing to pay Hawaii taxes at the entity level, reduces the pass-through entity level tax rate and allows the tax credit to be carried forward to subsequent years. Takes effect 7/1/2040. Applies to taxable years beginning after 12/31/2023. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Procedure For Payment Under Protest Lawsuits.. Description: Allows for the interest earned on payments under protest in the litigated claims fund to be paid in nontaxation cases if the claimant prevails. Establishes a procedure for the disposition of moneys and refiling of actions when a payment under protest suit is filed prematurely. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Procedure For Tax Appeals.. Description: Removes language specifying that an appeal from the Tax Appeal Court be filed with the Tax Appeal Court. Allows an appeal from the Tax Appeal Court to be filed within thirty days of entry of a final judgment. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Works Of Art Special Fund.. Description: Specifies that the works of art special fund's one per cent transfer requirement shall apply only to capital improvement appropriations for the original construction of state buildings. Appropriates funds for performing arts initiatives and expanded arts programing in schools. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD2)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Housing.. Description: Expands the counties' authorization to exercise the same powers as the Hawaii Housing Finance and Development Corporation for purposes of developing, constructing, financing, refinancing, or providing mixed-use developments. Applies to bond proceeds expended by a county after 12/31/23. Sunsets 6/30/2028. Effective 7/1/3000. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Corrections.. Description: Restricts the use of solitary confinement in state-operated and state-contracted correctional facilities, with certain specified exceptions. Requires the Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation to develop written policies and procedures regarding solitary confinement by 7/1/2025. Requires the Hawaii Correctional System Oversight Commission to review certain housing placements. Requires the Department to develop policies and procedures to review committed persons placed in solitary confinement and develop a plan for committed persons currently in solitary confinement by 4/1/2025. Requires a report to the Legislature and Hawaii Correctional System Oversight Commission. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD2)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Condominiums.. Description: Requires and appropriates funds for the Legislative Reference Bureau to conduct a study on how certain other states approach certain subjects as they relate to condominiums. Extends the final report deadline and dissolution date of the Condominium Property Regime Task Force to 6/30/2026. Declares that the general fund expenditure ceiling is exceeded. Effective 7/1/3000. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Agribusiness Development Corporation.. Description: Includes agritourism in the definition of "enterprise" to authorize the Agribusiness Development Corporation to financially support businesses engaged in agritourism. Takes effect 1/1/2060. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Out-of-state Prescriptions.. Description: Authorizes out-of-state pharmacists to transfer prescription information for the initial fill of an out-of-state prescription. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Education For Mental Health Professionals.. Description: Appropriates funds for the establishment of temporary positions to support the statewide expansion of the University of Hawaii Windward Community College's mental health-related programs. Declares that the general fund expenditure ceiling is exceeded. Effective 7/1/3000. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Healthcare Workforce Development.. Description: Appropriates funds to the Department of Labor and Industrial Relations and Department of Education to support health care workforce development programs, specifically the public high school health care workforce certificate program and glidepath program for certified nurse aides. Appropriates funds to renovate and equip certain public high school classrooms to be used for health care training. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Energy-efficiency Portfolio Standards.. Description: Extends the State's deadline to achieve its energy-efficiency portfolio standards target from 2030 to 2045 and updates the standards. Requires the Public Utilities Commission to establish interim goals for electricity use reduction to be achieved by 2030, 2035, and 2040. Authorizes the Public Utilities Commission to adjust the 2045 and interim standards. Takes effect 1/1/2060. (SD2)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Electric Vehicle Charging Infrastructure.. Description: Requires the design of all new state building construction where parking is to be included to provide that at least twenty-five per cent of parking stalls be electric vehicle charger-ready. Requires the Hawaii State Energy Office, in consultation with the Department of Accounting and General Services, to conduct a survey and identify certain high-priority state facilities. Establishes a goal of the State to retrofit state facilities to be electric vehicle charger-ready. Requires a report to the Legislature. Declares that the general fund expenditure ceiling is exceeded. Appropriates funds. Takes effect 7/1/2491. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Mental Health.. Description: Beginning 7/1/2026, establishes provisional or associate-level licensure requirements for marriage and family therapists, mental health counselors, and psychologists and authorizes insurance reimbursements in certain circumstances; authorizes psychologist license applicants who possess a provisional license to sit for the licensing examination before completing certain supervised experience requirements; and authorizes insurance reimbursements for services provided by a supervised social work intern in certain circumstances. Appropriates funds out of the Compliance Resolution Fund. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Crisis Intervention.. Description: Establishes the Behavioral Health Crisis Center Pilot Program. Authorizes the Department of Health to establish or contract with behavioral health crisis centers in each county. Requires reports to the Legislature. Appropriates funds for the pilot program, including a triage center for medically monitored detoxification and the treatment of substance abuse disorders and mental illnesses. Declares that the appropriation exceeds the state general fund expenditure ceiling for 2024-2025. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Hiring.. Description: Authorizes a state department, division, or agency, rather than the Department of Human Resources Development, to conduct a minimum qualification review of applicants for vacant positions within the department, division, or agency. Requires the Department of Human Resources Development to provide state departments, divisions, and agencies the applications received for vacancies under certain circumstances. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Rental Housing Revolving Fund.. Description: Appropriates funds into and out of the Rental Housing Revolving Fund to provide loans or grants for mixed-income rental projects or units in mixed-income rental projects for qualifying individuals and families. Appropriates funds for an unspecified number of finance specialist positions to assist with these loans and grants. Declares that the general fund expenditure ceiling is exceeded. Effective 7/1/3000. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Department Of Human Services.. Description: Appropriates funds to increase the base budget of the Department of Human Services' Homeless Programs Office. Declares that the general fund expenditure ceiling is exceeded. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Distribution Management.. Description: Establishes the distribution management advisory board to develop and advise on the statewide distribution management plan. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Health.. Description: Allows registered pharmacists during declared states of emergency to refill prescriptions for persons directly impacted by the emergency for up to a thirty-day supply if the practitioner is unavailable or cannot be contacted to authorize the refill and if, in the pharmacist's professional judgment, failure to refill the prescription might interrupt the patient's ongoing care and have a significant adverse effect on the patient's well-being. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To School Safety.. Description: Requires the Department of Education to create emergency access plans for each Department school. Requires each Department school to have a comprehensive school evacuation communication plan for use during emergencies. Requires the Department of Education to collaborate with the Department of Transportation to assess all Department school campuses to determine if there are sufficient emergency evacuation routes for each campus and report to the Legislature. Declares that the general fund expenditure ceiling is exceeded. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/3000. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Zoning.. Description: Expands the zoning powers of counties. Expands the scope of the transient accommodations tax law to include certain shelters and vehicles with sleeping accommodations. Takes effect 7/1/2040. (SD2)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Environment.. Description: Appropriates funds to the Department of Health for long-term monitoring of air quality for certain communities impacted by the August 2023 Maui wildfire, as well as support for research efforts to better understand the environmental concerns linked to urban fires, including funding for the establishment of permanent environmental health specialist IV positions. Declares that the general fund expenditure ceiling is exceeded. Takes effect 7/1/3000. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Environment.. Description: Appropriates funds to the Department of Land and Natural Resources to support long-term water quality monitoring and pollution source detection. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD2)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Department Of Land And Natural Resources.. Description: Appropriates funds to DLNR for operating expenses, equipment, the establishment of positions, and capital improvement projects to support wildfire emergency response. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD2)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Fire Prevention.. Description: Increases the maximum fine for violations of the fire protection laws. Specifies that each day a violation exists or continues to exist shall constitute a distinct and separate offense. Raises the criminal penalty for the offense of arson in the fourth degree to a class C felony if the offense was committed during the time period and within the geographic area in which a red flag warning was in effect. Provides that the state of mind requirement with respect to the attendant circumstance that the red flag warning was in effect is negligence. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Fire Protection.. Description: Establishes the State Fire Marshal within the Department of Labor and Industrial Relations to direct fire protection efforts statewide. Appropriates funds. Declares that the general fund expenditure ceiling is exceeded. Effective 7/1/3000. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The University Of Hawaii.. Description: Appropriates funds for the establishment of temporary adjunct faculty positions at the University of Hawaii Maui College. Declares that the general fund expenditure ceiling is exceeded. Effective 7/1/3000. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Partial Public Financing Of Elections.. Description: Increases the amount of partial public campaign financing available for all elective offices. Adjusts the minimum amount of qualifying contributions certain candidates must receive to participate in the program. Increases the matching fund payments for excess qualifying contributions. Appropriates funds for the program and staff. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD2)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Traffic Regulation.. Description: Authorizes each county to adopt ordinances to regulate or restrict access to streets, highways, thoroughfares, or roads under certain circumstances. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD2)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Number Plates.. Description: Requires each number plate issued on or after 1/1/2025 to include an 'okina in the word "Hawai'i". Authorizes the use of all uppercase letters, all lowercase letters, or initial capital letters for the words "Hawai'i" and "Aloha State" in motor vehicle number plates. Limits application of special number plates for environmental conservation to electric vehicles. Specifies that the design for special number plates for environmental conservation does not require the words "Aloha State". (SD2)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Unmanned Aircraft.. Description: Establishes the felony offenses of misuse of uncrewed aircraft in the first, second, and third degrees. Requires uncrewed aircraft to be operated by a human operator at all times. (SD2)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Crimes Against Elders.. Description: Establishes strict liability for crimes against elders with respect to the attendant circumstance that the victim was sixty years of age or older. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The Digital Voter Information Guide.. Description: Provides that certain information to be included in any digital voter information guide shall not be released to any requestor in whole or in part before the public release of the entire guide. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The Electoral College.. Description: Reschedules the post-election assembly of presidential electors to the first Tuesday after the second Wednesday in December next following their election.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Administrative Fines.. Description: Updates the maximum administrative fines allowed for violations of chapters relating to standards of conduct and lobbyists. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Standards Of Conduct.. Description: Clarifies disclosures required from members of the Legislature. Takes effect 4/14/2112. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Fire Protection.. Description: Authorizes moneys in the reduced ignition propensity cigarette program special fund to be used to defray the cost of statewide fire prevention, education, life safety, and preparedness programs, and hiring of administrative personnel. (SD2)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Workers' Compensation Medical Benefits.. Description: Expands workers' compensation medical benefits for firefighters to include coverage for breast cancer and cancer of the female reproductive organs. (SD2)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Cesspools.. Description: Part II: Amends the deadlines for required upgrades conversions, or connections for certain priority level 1 and priority level 2 cesspools. Part III: Authorizes and appropriates funds to the Department of Health to retain qualified consultants as necessary to identify necessary public outreach and education resources and tools and develop a comprehensive public outreach strategy and website to educate homeowners and wastewater industry professionals about information and resources regarding the State's cesspool upgrade, conversion, and connection requirements and deadlines. Part IV: Appropriates funds and establishes positions for the implementation of the cesspool compliance pilot grant project. Declares that the general fund expenditure ceiling is exceeded. Takes effect 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Environmental Protection.. Description: Beginning 1/1/2027, prohibits the manufacture, sale, offer for sale, distribution for sale, and distribution for use of any food packaging, food service ware, cosmetic, or personal care product that contains intentionally added perfluoroalkyl and polyfluoroalkyl substances, with certain exceptions. Takes effect 1/1/2027. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Single-use Plastics.. Description: Prohibits lodging establishments from providing personal care products in small plastic containers within sleeping room accommodations, any space within sleeping room accommodations, or bathrooms used by the public or guests. Establishes civil penalties. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD2)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To State Snails.. Description: Designates certain snail species as official state snails.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Emergency Management.. Description: Clarifies that the Governor's and mayors' emergency management powers shall be consistent with the state constitution. Clarifies the scope of the comprehensive emergency management plan. Clarifies the powers of the Governor and mayors to extend or terminate a state of emergency and local state of emergency, respectively. Shortens the duration of price control periods from ninety-six hours to seventy-two hours. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Early Learning.. Description: Expands access of early learning programs to other state properties and public lands besides public school campuses. Takes effect 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Education.. Description: Provides a process for school placement for a child whose parent or guardian has transferred or is pending transfer from another state to a military installation in Hawaii while on active military duty pursuant to an official military order. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD2)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Making An Appropriation For The Department Of Education To Promote Student Mental Health.. Description: Appropriates funds to the Department of Education to enhance its Panorama platform and Trust Circle mobile application or create a new platform. Declares that the general fund expenditure ceiling is exceeded. Takes effect 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Stream Maintenance.. Description: Requires the department of land and natural resources to establish and implement a two-year Manoa stream maintenance reimbursement pilot program to reimburse homeowners adjacent to Manoa stream for clearing debris in Manoa stream. Appropriates funds and establishes positions. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD2)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The Judiciary.. Description: Appropriates funds for the Judiciary Supplemental Budget for the 2023-2025 biennium. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Judges For The District Court Of The First Circuit.. Description: Establishes one additional district court judgeship in the First Circuit. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Compensation For Court-appointed Representation.. Description: Increases the rate of compensation and maximum allowable amounts per case for court-appointed counsel and guardians ad litem in family court proceedings. Declares that the appropriation exceeds the state general fund expenditure ceiling for 20242025. Appropriates moneys. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Compensation For Court-appointed Counsel.. Description: Increases the rate of compensation and maximum allowable amounts per case for court-appointed counsel in criminal proceedings. Declares that the appropriation exceeds the state general fund expenditure ceiling for 2024-2025. Appropriates moneys. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The Uniform Probate Code.. Description: Updates the Uniform Probate Code by reducing the number of required publications of a notice to creditors by a trustee to once a week for two successive weeks, consistent with amendments made by Act 158, SLH 2023, to publication requirements applicable to probate matters generally.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The Disclosure Of Personal Information Associated With Certain Public Servants.. Description: Prohibits, upon written request from certain public servants or their representative, any government agency, person, or organization from making certain personal information publicly available on the Internet. Effective 10/1/2024. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Collective Bargaining.. Description: Appropriates funds for collective bargaining cost items for judiciary employees and their excluded counterparts. Declares that the general fund expenditure ceiling is exceeded. Takes effect 4/14/2112. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To State Boating Facilities.. Description: Establishes a state boating facility lease program within the Department of Land and Natural Resources to lease 1 state small boat harbor for private development, management, maintenance, and operation. Repeals provisions related to the leasing of fast lands and submerged lands of the Ala Wai boat harbor. Appropriates moneys out of the boating special fund. Repeals on 6/30/2044. Effective 7/1/3000. (SD2)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Wildlife.. Description: Expands the department of land and natural resources' rulemaking authority to include any rule deemed necessary to protect certain wildlife. Expands the board of land and natural resources' authority to timely adopt, amend, or repeal certain rules if the board finds that the action is necessary to implement effective and adaptive management measures in response to impacted natural resources or in light of newly available technology or data. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Camps.. Description: Authorizes overnight camps in operation prior to January 1, 1961, to be regulated via the special permit process. (SD2)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The Hawaii State Planning Act.. Description: Establishes the Hawaii State Planning Act Phase II Task Force within the Office of Planning and Sustainable Development. Makes an appropriation. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Indecent Exposure.. Description: Raises the criminal penalty for the offense of indecent exposure from a petty misdemeanor to a misdemeanor if the person to whom the genitals were exposed is less than sixteen years of age at the time of the offense. Provides that the state of mind requirement is not applicable to the fact that the person exposed is less than sixteen years of age and that the actor is strictly liable with respect to the attendant circumstance that the person exposed was less than sixteen years of age. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The Department Of Transportation.. Description: Authorizes the Department of Transportation to acquire, including by condemnation, any real, personal, or mixed property for immediate or future use and own, hold, improve, rehabilitate, sell, assign, exchange, transfer, convey, lease, or dispose of the property acquired. Amends the definition of "public lands" to exclude lands set aside for the Department of Transportation, leased by the Department of Transportation, or to which the Department of Transportation holds title. Authorizes the Department of Transportation to directly acquire any real property for its purposes. Authorizes the Director of Transportation to expend funds for the acquisition, management, or maintenance of property for projects relating to climate mitigation and adaptation and visual and noise buffer zones and barriers. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Driving While Intoxicated.. Description: Requires the Director of Transportation to convene an intoxicated driving reduction working group, under the leadership of Hawaii's strategic highway safety plan, to make recommendations for amendments to existing laws to reduce incidents of intoxicated driving. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD2)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Harbor Safety.. Description: Mandates that the Department of Transportation require the securing of mooring lines from vessels to commercial docks, wharves, piers, quays, and landings to be performed by labor subject to collective bargaining. Sunsets 7/1/2028. (SD2)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Department Of Agriculture.. Description: Appropriates funds to the Department of Agriculture for the preparation of an environmental impact statement to drill non-potable water wells on individual parcels at Panaewa and Pahoa agricultural parks. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Human Trafficking Victim Services Fund.. Description: Changes the administration of the Human Trafficking Victim Services Fund from the Department of Labor and Industrial Relations to the Department of the Attorney General. Takes effect 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Arts.. Description: Appropriates funds to the State Foundation on Culture and the Arts to provide greater access to the arts for children and communities in need, with a focus on those affected by the August 2023 Maui wildfires. Authorizes the State Foundation on Culture and the Arts to accept gifted property for certain purposes. Declares that the general fund expenditure ceiling is exceeded. Effective 7/1/3000. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Making An Appropriation To The State Foundation On Culture And The Arts.. Description: Appropriates funds out of the Works of Art Special Fund to the State Foundation on Culture and the Arts for the integration of works of art projects into several major capital improvement projects. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD2)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Making An Emergency Appropriation To The Department Of Health To Implement Quality Improvement Recommendations For The Hawaii State Hospital.. Description: Makes an emergency appropriation from the Mental Health and Substance Abuse Special Fund to the Department of Health to implement quality improvement measures recommended in the 2024 consultant report for the Hawaii State Hospital. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Workers' Compensation.. Description: Authorizes certain types of radiographical coverage and specialist consultations without a treatment plan within the context of workers' compensation coverage for employees with cervical and lumbar spinal injuries, or suspected cervical and lumbar spinal injuries. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To A Leave Cash-out Program.. Description: Establishes and appropriates funds for a leave cash-out pilot program for eligible department of corrections and rehabilitation employees who work in any state correctional facility. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Process Improvement.. Description: Establishes a three-year pilot program in the Department of Health for hiring process improvement. Requires a report to the Legislature. Declares that the general fund expenditure ceiling is exceeded. Makes an appropriation. Takes effect 7/1/2491. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Generation Of Wildfire Susceptibility Maps For Hawaii.. Description: Requires the University of Hawaii to establish and implement a two-year program to develop web-GIS wildfire susceptibility and vulnerability maps for the State of Hawaii to determine which communities, landscapes, buildings, and infrastructure are most vulnerable to future wildfires. Declares that the general fund expenditure ceiling is exceeded. Makes an appropriation. Effective 7/1/3000. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Kimchi Day.. Description: Designates November 22 of each year as "Kimchi Day" in the State.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The Penal Code.. Description: Requires the Judicial Council to conduct a comprehensive review of the Hawaii Penal Code and to recommend proposed changes. Requires the Judicial Council to appoint an advisory committee to assist in the review, and allows the Judicial Council to also appoint a reporter and other staff as necessary. Requires the advisory committee to report to the Legislature. Appropriates funds. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Economic Development.. Description: Establishes a business revitalization task force to identify methods to improve Hawaii's general economic competitiveness and business climate, including by mitigating regulatory and tax burdens. Requires a report to the legislature. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Research Activities.. Description: Repeals the provision that made references to the base amount in the Internal Revenue Code inapplicable to the research activities tax credit and allowed credits for all qualified research expenses to be taken without regard to previous years expenses. Narrows the qualifying criteria for research activities tax credits to applicants who are small businesses registered in the State. Increases the maximum amount of tax credits that can be certified per year. Extends the sunset date of the research activities tax credit by five years. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD2)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Economic Development.. Description: Establishes the Aerospace and Aeronautics Development Program within the Department of Business, Economic Development, and Tourism. Takes effect 1/1/2060. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To An Economic Development District Planning Organization.. Description: Establishes and appropriates funds for temporary positions within OPSD to support the activities of a district organization for a statewide economic development district. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD2)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Early Child Care.. Description: Requires the Department of Human Services to establish and implement a child care provider subsidy and bonus program to provide subsidies to retain the existing child care workforce in licensed infant and toddler child care centers, group child care centers, and group child care homes and bonuses to registered family child care homes. Requires annual reports to the Legislature. Makes appropriations. Declares that the general fund expenditure ceiling is exceeded. Takes effect 7/1/3000. (SD2)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Sexual Abuse Of Minors.. Description: Expands the time period by which a civil action for childhood sexual abuse committed on or after July 1, 2024, may be initiated. Authorizes a court to require personnel of legal entities to undergo training on trauma-informed response. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD2)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Department Of Education.. Description: Establishes the shade tree program in the Department of Education to support educational activities and encourage propagation of native shade trees for planting in department schools. Appropriates funds for the program and to establish arborist positions. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD2)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Electric Vehicle Batteries.. Description: Establishes a working group within the Hawaii State Energy Office to make recommendations for the reuse and recycling of electric vehicle batteries and report to the Legislature. Takes effect 1/1/2060. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Social Services.. Description: Increases the monthly needs allowance for individuals living in certain long-term care facilities from $50 to $75. Clarifies that the needs allowance is not intended to replace or affect funds received from the federal Supplemental Security Income Program. Requires certain long-term care facility operators to pay for generic toiletries, linens, and meals and snacks. Clarifies the individuals who are eligible to receive the needs allowance. Takes effect 10/1/2024. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Office Of Elections.. Description: Requires the Office of Elections to annually request funding for the Statewide Elections Accessibility Needs Advisory Committee. Appropriates funds to the Office of Elections Statewide Elections Accessibility Needs Advisory Committee to gather information and provide outreach and voter education services for individuals with accessibility needs. Declares that the general fund expenditure ceiling is exceeded. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Braille Literacy.. Description: Establishes state policy to promote braille literacy for blind students. Requires the individualized education programs of eligible blind students to include the instruction of Braille and provision of Braille instructional materials under certain circumstances. Requires the Department of Education to establish a Braille literacy resource center. Makes an appropriation. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Animal Cruelty.. Description: Establishes the separate offense and applicable penalties relating to the fighting of birds in the first and second degrees. Takes effect 4/14/2112. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To County Housing Powers.. Description: Expands the counties' authorization to exercise the same powers as the Hawaii housing finance and development corporation for purposes of developing, constructing, financing, refinancing, or providing mixed-income projects and mixed-use developments. Authorizes units in low- and moderate-income housing projects to be made available to households with higher incomes if there is an insufficient number of persons or families who meet income qualifying requirements. Applies to bond proceeds expended by a county after 12/31/23. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Raw Milk.. Description: Authorizes and decriminalizes the sale of raw milk, raw milk products, and raw milk dairy products directly from producers to consumers for human consumption, subject to certain restrictions. Authorizes the direct sale of raw goat milk for pet consumption. Establishes labeling requirements. Requires the Board of Agriculture and Department of Health to adopt rules no later than 7/1/2025. Takes effect 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Motor Vehicle Insurance.. Description: Establishes primary and optional coverage requirements for U-drive motor vehicle insurance policies. Establishes disclosure requirements for U-drive motor vehicle insurance policies. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Interisland Transport Of Hydrogen.. Description: Authorizes the Public Utilities Commission to establish a discounted rate by tariff for water carriers that engage in the interisland transport of renewable hydrogen. Takes effect 7/1/2040. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Taxes.. Description: Requires taxpayers be given notice of and an opportunity to cure any failure to meet the requirements for the tax credit. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD2)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Housing.. Description: Allows religious institutions, educational institutions, and medical institutions to build dwelling units on lands within the state urban land use district, under certain conditions. Sunsets 1/1/2034. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD3)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Electric Vehicle Parking.. Description: Removes the exemption that allowed owners of multiple parking facilities within the State to designate and electrify fewer parking spaces than required in one or more of the properties if the requirement for the total number of aggregate spaces on all of their owned properties was met. Authorizes the counties to adopt ordinances to regulate electric vehicle charging systems for places of public accommodation with fewer than one hundred parking spaces. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD2)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Department Of Transportation.. Description: Requires DOT to identify an emergency egress route other than Komo Mai drive from Pacific Palisades or, if no other route can be found, determine the feasibility of constructing an alternate emergency egress route. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Emergencies.. Description: Appropriates funds for the installation of a new outdoor emergency siren in the Pacific Palisades area of Oahu. Declares that the general fund expenditure ceiling is exceeded. Takes effect 7/1/2042. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Renewable Energy.. Description: Expands the definition of "renewable energy producer" that is used to determine the Board of Land and Natural Resources' disposition of public lands to renewable energy producers. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Historic Preservation Reviews.. Description: Allows the Department of Hawaiian Home Lands to assume historic preservation review of any proposed project for lands under its jurisdiction except for projects affecting properties listed or nominated for inclusion in the Hawaii register of historic places or the national register of historic places. Establishes certain written notice requirements for the Department of Hawaiian Home Lands. Takes effect 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Mental Health.. Description: Appropriates funds for the Department of Health to contract for the provision of youth mental health and wellness services to address the mental health and wellness needs of youth in the State. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Education.. Description: Establishes a harm to students registry for all early learning programs or schools and K-12 educational institutions within the State that contains information on school employees, contractors, or volunteers for whom, as result of an investigation, a final finding has been issued that the individual has inflicted harm on a student. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD3)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Automatic Renewals.. Description: Expands the law governing automatic renewal clauses to contracts with specified terms of one month or more and that renew for specified terms of one month or more. Requires that a notice of any material change be sent to the consumer no less than thirty days before the effective date of any material change. Exempts affiliates of insurers, providers of service contracts, and affiliates of those providers from the law governing automatic renewal clauses and continuous service clauses. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Feral Chicken Management.. Description: Requires the Department of Land and Natural Resources, Department of Agriculture, and counties to collaborate on feral chicken management projects. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD2)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Hawaii Property Insurance Association.. Description: Increases the number of public members on the Board of Directors of the Hawaii Property Insurance Association from three to an unspecified number. Requires the Speaker of the House of Representatives and Senate President, rather than the Insurance Commissioner, to appoint the public members. Takes effect 7/1/3000. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Insurance.. Description: Establishes within the Department of Commerce and Consumer Affairs the State Reinsurance Exploratory Working Group to gather information to assist the Legislature in generating innovative solutions that address increasing insurance costs to consumers in the State. Requires a report to the Legislature. Declares that the general fund expenditure ceiling is exceeded. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/3000. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Dangerous Dogs.. Description: Establishes the offense of negligent failure to control a dangerous dog. Beginning 7/1/2025, establishes provisions regarding the designation of dangerous dogs, requirements for owners of dangerous dogs, and impoundment of dangerous dogs. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Licensing.. Description: Includes the prevention of activities within an applicant's premises and adjacent areas that are potentially injurious to the health, safety, and welfare of the public and neighborhood as a factor for determining whether a controlled substances registration is in the public interest. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Excessive Noise.. Description: Amends the appropriation for fiscal year 2024-2025 for the Noise Traffic Pilot Program of the Department of Transportation. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD2)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Condominiums.. Description: Repeals from the standard condominium proxy form the option of giving a proxy vote to the board of directors of a condominium association as a whole or to directors present at the meeting. Requires a disclosure statement on the standard condominium proxy form informing unit owners that an association may conduct direct elections by electronic, machine, or mail voting. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD2)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The Department Of Accounting And General Services.. Description: Permits Department of Accounting and General Services to employ certain persons within the Comptroller's office who are exempt from state laws governing civil service and collective bargaining for certain purposes, as part of the State's information technology modernization efforts. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Procurement.. Description: Requires cash or protest bonds paid or filed by parties initiating an administrative appeal for protests of solicitations or award of contracts under the Hawaii Public Procurement Code to be returned to the initiating parties, minus administrative costs except in cases where the party does not prevail and the Office of Administrative Hearing of the Department of Commerce and Consumer Affairs finds that the appeal was frivolous or made in bad faith. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Photo Red Light Imaging Detector Systems.. Description: Provides that any photo red light imaging detector system's clear and unobstructed recorded image of a motor vehicle license plate shall be prima facie evidence that the motor vehicle to which the license plate is attached is the motor vehicle for which the license plate was issued. Requires the State, the county, or the State's or county's third party contractor to implement a process to record the date on which the summons or citation was submitted to the post office, which shall be prima facie evidence of the date the summons or citation was submitted to the post office. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Campaign Finance.. Description: Requires certain solicitations that reference disasters to include a disclosure. Deems violators guilty of a class C felony. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Kaiapuni Education.. Description: Appropriates funds to the Department of Education for Kaiapuni programs and the establishment of three full-time equivalent (3.0 FTE) Kaiapuni education curriculum specialist II positions and ten full-time equivalent (10.0 FTE) Kaiapuni classroom teacher positions. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Health.. Description: Relaxes the requirements for prescribing certain controlled substances as part of gender-affirming health care services. Expands the protections established under Act 2, SLH 2023, to include gender-affirming health care services. Clarifies jurisdiction under the Uniform Child-Custody Jurisdiction and Enforcement Act for cases involving children who obtain gender-affirming health care services. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD2)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Government.. Description: Imposes a per-day penalty for nonpayment of TAT. Amends the transient accommodation tax rate. Requires a $20 transient accommodation tax to be levied per night for each furnishing of transient accommodations in exchange for points, miles, or other amounts provided through a membership, loyalty, or rewards program. Appropriates funds to DLNR for protection, management, and restoration of the State's natural resources. Effective 1/1/3000. (HD2)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To School Bus Services.. Description: Establishes comprehensive standards for the department of education related to school bus services to ensure equitable access, timely communication, and accountability. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To School Meals.. Description: Requires the Department of Education to establish a recognition program to incentivize schools to submit to the Department a plan for the school to reach the local farm to school meal goal of thirty per cent of food served in the school to consist of locally sourced products by 2030. Authorizes the Department of Education to establish a plant-based meal pilot program at Mililani high school no later than the 2025-2026 school year. Effective 7/1/3000. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Homelessness.. Description: Establishes a vacated homeless encampment clean up task force to identify parcels of land that require intergovernmental coordination to clean up vacated homeless encampments located on lands managed by government agencies, including but not limited to the United States Army Garrison Hawaii, and execute a memorandum of understanding to clean up vacated homeless encampments located on the identified parcels. Requires reports to the Legislature. Appropriate funds. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The State Building Code.. Description: Requires the State Building Code Council to adopt, amend, or update the International Building Code and International Residential Code within two years of every other official publication date of the applicable code or standard. Provides that if a county does not amend the Hawaii State Building Codes within the required two-year time frame, the Hawaii State Building Codes will become applicable as the interim county building code, until superseded by the adoption of an amended version of the Hawaii State Building Codes or standards by the county. Takes effect 7/1/2491. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Housing.. Description: Beginning 1/1/2025, allows residential uses in areas zoned for commercial use to be considered permitted under certain circumstances. Requires, no later than 1/1/2025, each county to adopt or amend its ordinances to allow for adaptive reuse of existing commercial buildings in the county's building codes. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To School Impact Fees.. Description: Exempts from the school impact fees the development of certain housing developments with income restrictions and additional or accessory dwelling units. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Residential Landlord-tenant Code.. Description: Requires landlords to change or rekey all locks to a residential property before the tenant's date of initial occupancy for any lease with a term of six months or longer. Provides a grace period of thirty days after the tenant's date of initial occupancy. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Long Duration Clean Energy Storage.. Description: Amends the Hawaii renewable hydrogen program and hydrogen investment capital special fund to include a broader focus on long duration clean energy storage. Transfers responsibility for the program to the Hawaii State Energy Office. Declares that the general fund expenditure ceiling is exceeded. Makes an appropriation. Takes effect 1/1/2060. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Hawaii Invasive Species Council.. Description: Appropriates funds to support the Hawaii Invasive Species Council to ensure its long-term viability and prevent future problems. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Related To Disaster Services.. Description: Appropriates funds to establish a Limited English Proficiency Language Access Coordinator position and for programming support for LEP community projects within the Hawaii Emergency Management Agency. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Moped Insurance.. Description: Requires that moped operators carry an insurance policy by incorporating mopeds into the insurance laws governing motorcycles and motor scooters, including with respect to provisions concerning required licensure, the relationship with tort law, proof of insurance card, penalties, rate regulation, and minimum coverage levels. Makes conforming amendments. Effective 7/1/3000. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Pharmacy.. Description: Establishes the Daniel K. Inouye College of Pharmacy Special Fund to support pharmacist workforce assessment and planning efforts. Establishes the pharmacist workforce assessment fee. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Two-lined Spittlebug.. Description: Declares that the appropriation exceeds the state general fund expenditure ceiling for 2024-2025. Appropriates funds for the Department of Agriculture to mitigate and control the spread of the 2-lined spittlebug and to fund recovery efforts for areas affected by it. Requires reports to the Legislature. Effective 7/1/3000. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Invasive Species.. Description: Establishes an invasive species grant pilot program to provide grants through DOA to individuals, businesses, and organizations for the eradication of invasive species on property located in Hawaii that is owned by the individual, business, or organization. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Agriculture.. Description: Appropriates funds to establish grant specialist positions within the Department of Agriculture. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD2)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Agriculture.. Description: Requires the Department of Agriculture to establish and implement a pesticide inspection program to increase compliance with the proper use of restricted use pesticides and ensure the continued prohibition on the use or application of pesticides containing chlorpyrifos. Requires the Department to post the inspection results on its website upon completion of a final order for a violation. Effective 7/1/3000. (SD2)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Invasive Species.. Description: Requires the Department of Agriculture to establish and implement an invasive species inspection placard program to enhance the control, removal, and eradication of invasive species on the premises of an agricultural producer and inform the public of the most recent invasive species inspection results for agricultural producers. Appropriates funds to mitigate the spread of the little fire ant and coconut rhinoceros beetle in the State. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Ornamental Ginger.. Description: Appropriates funds for statewide research into ornamental ginger pathogens, prevention of the spread of ornamental ginger pathogens, production and distribution of pathogen-free ornamental ginger plants, and outreach to ornamental producers. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD2)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Value-added Production.. Description: Requires the Department of Health to amend the definition of "homemade food products" in its administrative rules on food safety and adopt certain rules regarding the sale and delivery of homemade food products. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Agricultural Tourism.. Description: Authorizes agricultural tourism activities, including certain overnight accommodations, under certain conditions and only in counties that have adopted ordinances regulating agricultural tourism activities. Requires the Land Use Commission to adopt rules that establish requirements applicable to all farming operations implementing agricultural tourism activities. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD2)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Professional Land Surveyors.. Description: Establishes a ten year statute of repose for land surveyors, after which time a complaint for a civil action cannot be made. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD2)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Mental Health.. Description: Part I: requires the Department of the Attorney General to assist with the preparation and filing of petitions for assisted community treatment and with the presentation of the case, unless declined by the petitioner. Part II: repeals language entitling the subject of a petition for assisted community treatment to legal representation by a public defender. Part III: provides a mechanism for the automatic screening of certain nonviolent defendants for involuntary hospitalization or assisted community treatment. Part IV: authorizes courts to require certain probation violators to undergo a mental health evaluation and treatment program as a condition of continued probation. Part V: allows a court to appoint an attorney for the subject of a petition for assisted community treatment if the interests of justice require one be appointed and makes permanent the orders to treat over objection law in sections 334-161 and 334-162, HRS. (SD2)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Search And Rescue.. Description: Repeals the existing conditions under which government entities may seek reimbursement for search or rescue expenses and instead requires a government entity of the State to impose and collect a fee for search or rescue expenses for persons who require rescue after leaving a hiking trail to enter an area closed to the public or hiking on a trail closed to the public, with a sign giving notice of the closure. Requires a report or documentation of the search and rescue to be submitted to the Department of the Attorney General. Takes effect 7/1/2042. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Kaaawa-hauula Community-based Long-range Transportation Plan.. Description: Appropriates funds for and requires the involvement of community members and organizations in the development of a community-based, long-range transportation plan for the Kaaawa, Punaluu, and Hauula communities. Requires a report to the Legislature. Declares that the general fund expenditure ceiling is exceeded. Effective 7/1/3000. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Sexual Exploitation.. Description: Establishes safe harbor protections for survivors of sexual exploitation who seek medical or law enforcement assistance. (SD2)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Campaign Finance.. Description: Prohibits contributions from persons convicted of various campaign finance, ethical, or lobbying offenses. Requires unlawful contributions to escheat to the Hawaii Election Campaign Fund. Authorizes the Campaign Spending Commission and State Ethics Commission to notify a candidate, candidate committee, or noncandidate committee that a contributor has been prohibited from making political contributions pursuant to chapter 11, part XIII, Hawaii Revised Statutes Takes effect 4/14/2112. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Cemeteries.. Description: Authorizes the Director of Commerce and Consumer Affairs to appoint an organization as the limited owner of a cemetery, under certain circumstances, for the purposes of filing complaints and engaging in certain security and perpetual care activities for the cemetery. Requires an appointed limited owner of a cemetery to submit annual progress reports to the Department of Commerce and Consumer Affairs. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Fireworks.. Description: Authorizes law enforcement and fire officers to enter and inspect any licensee's or permittee's premises, under certain conditions, to verify compliance with the State's Fireworks Control Law. Establishes procedures for the Department of Law Enforcement to conduct administrative inspections of controlled premises. Requires certain licensees and permittees to keep records and maintain inventories. Requires licensees and permittees to report any stolen fireworks or articles pyrotechnic. Authorizes a law enforcement agency or county fire department to safely dispose of confiscated fireworks and articles pyrotechnic. Requires violators to be held liable for storage and disposal costs. Specifies that each type of prohibited firework constitutes a separate violation. Authorizes the Department of Law Enforcement, in addition to the counties, to enforce the Fireworks Control Law. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Public Employment.. Description: Removes requirement of a college degree for any state position, unless the degree is relevant to licensing or certification as it relates to the duties and responsibilities of the position or when the position requires specialized knowledge, skills, or subject-matter expertise relevant to the degree. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Medicaid.. Description: Appropriates funds to increase the funding of certain Medicaid home and community-based services, including adult day programs and residential services offered in community care foster family homes and expanded adult residential care homes. Requires the Department of Human Services to obtain matching funds. Declares that the general fund expenditure ceiling is exceeded. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Care Homes.. Description: Increases the state supplemental payment ceilings for type I adult residential care homes, licensed developmental disabilities domiciliary homes, community care foster family homes, certified adult foster homes, and type II adult residential care homes. Effective 10/1/2024. (SD2)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Health.. Description: Requires the Departments of Health, Human Services, and Education to research and make recommendations on any rules, policies, and amendments to the Medicaid State Plan or Medicaid 1915(c) Waiver that are necessary to ensure provision of clinically appropriate treatments and services for individuals twenty-six years of age or younger with autism spectrum disorder or fetal alcohol spectrum disorder are covered under certain Medicaid programs. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The Hawaiian Homes Commission Act.. Description: Amends the Hawaiian Homes Commission Act of 1920, as amended, to increase the loan limit for direct loans provided by the Department of Hawaiian Home Lands from fifty percent to seventy-five percent of the maximum single residence loan amount allowed in Hawaii by the United States Department of Housing and Urban Development's Federal Housing Administration. Requires the Department of Hawaiian Home Lands to provide financial literacy education for all borrowers. (SD2)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Education.. Description: Requires the Department of Education to convene a staggered school start times task force to study and evaluate the issues and implications of instituting a staggered school start times program, including effects on school bus schedules. Requires a report to the Legislature. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Long-term Care.. Description: Requires the Executive Office on Aging, in coordination with the State Health Planning and Development Agency, to create a comprehensive long-term care plan to accomplish certain long-term care policy goals that ensure the availability of a full continuum of institutional and community-based services. Establishes and appropriates funds for one long-term care planner position within the Executive Office on Aging to oversee the development and implementation of the long-term care plan. Requires the Executive Office on Aging to submit a report to the Legislature. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Child Care.. Description: Expands the existing exemption from state law governing child care for United States Department of Defense-certified child care providers on federal property to those operating off federal property. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Law Enforcement.. Description: Requires the Law Enforcement Standards Board to develop, and each department employing law enforcement officers to implement, a structured health intervention program to support law enforcement officers' physical and mental health. Takes effect 7/1/2042. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Law Enforcement.. Description: Establishes as a goal of the State the increased representation of female law enforcement officers in the State by 2030 and nonbinary law enforcement officers in the State. Requires each law enforcement agency to recruit law enforcement officers from diverse backgrounds. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Non-general Funds.. Description: Reclassifies or repeals certain non-general funds of the Department of Labor and Industrial Relations, pursuant to the recommendations made by the Auditor in Auditor's Report No. 2306. Exempts the boiler and elevator special fund from central services expenses. Takes effect 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Non-general Funds.. Description: Reclassifies, repeals, or abolishes certain non-general funds of the Department of Agriculture, pursuant to the recommendations made by the Auditor in Auditor's Report No. 23-13. Transfers any unencumbered balance of any repealed or abolished fund to another fund. Takes effect 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Non-general Funds.. Description: Repeals the hazard mitigation special fund, pursuant to a recommendation made by the Auditor in Auditor's Report No. 23-16. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Non-general Funds.. Description: Reclassifies certain non-general funds of the Department of Accounting and General Services, pursuant to the recommendations made by the Auditor in Auditor's Report No. 23-17. Takes effect 7/1/2491. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Non-general Funds.. Description: Reclassifies or abolishes certain non-general funds of the Department of Budget and Finance, pursuant to the recommendations made by the Auditor in Auditor's Report No. 2401. Transfers to the general fund the excess balances of various non-general funds from various state departments and agencies. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Firearms Reporting.. Description: Clarifies the annual reporting requirement for the Department of the Attorney General concerning concealed carry licenses. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Civil Air Patrol.. Description: Appropriates funds for civilian auxiliary aviation services performed by the Civil Air Patrol. Declares that the appropriation exceeds the state general fund expenditure ceiling for 2024-2025. Effective 7/1/2042. (SD2)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Education.. Description: Appropriates funds for full-time equivalent career foundations certificate program teachers for McKinley Community School for Adults. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD2)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The State Foundation On Culture And The Arts.. Description: Transfers the awarding and administration of certain cultural grants from the Hawaii Tourism Authority to the State Foundation on Culture and the Arts and establishes a standing selection committee within the Foundation to review and award the cultural grants. Appropriates funds for grant administrator positions. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD2)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Beach Management On The North Shore Of Oahu.. Description: Appropriates funds to the University of Hawaii Sea Grant College Program to develop a North Shore Beach Management Plan for the North Shore of Oahu from Sunset Point to the Kapoo (Sharks Cove) area. Appropriates funds. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Health.. Description: Authorizes the Department of Health to require all restaurants and hotel establishments to maintain an inventory of an opioid antagonist. Expressly permits law enforcement officers to carry an opioid antagonist while on-duty. Requires funds for the purchase of opioid antagonists used by law enforcement officers employed by a county to be paid for using county funds. Clarifies that emergency personnel and first responders may administer an opioid antagonist to an individual experiencing an opioid-related drug overdose. Takes effect 12/31/2050. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Historic Preservation.. Description: Amends the definition of "historic property" used in historic preservation laws to only include property listed on the Hawaii or National Register of Historic Places or built before 8/21/1959. Require historic review for proposed projects on existing privately-owned single-family detached dwelling units or townhouses only if the unit or townhouse is historic property. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD2)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The East Kauai Irrigation System.. Description: Appropriates funds to the Agribusiness Development Corporation to establish positions to maintain and improve the East Kauai irrigation system and for maintenance of and improvements to the system. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD2)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Cesspools.. Description: Establishes a three-year new wastewater system demonstration and implementation pilot program within the University of Hawaii Sea Grant College Program. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD2)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Department Of Transportation.. Description: Establishes a task force to develop and explore alternate routes into and out of the Waianae Coast, including through Kolekole pass and opening Waianae Coast emergency access road. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Labeling Of Macadamia Nuts.. Description: Clarifies labeling requirements for macadamia nuts to require a disclosure indicating that a product may contain macadamia nuts not grown in Hawaii if the consumer package contains macadamia nuts grown outside the State. Exempts from the labeling requirements products that contain any other ingredient, except seasonings and flavorings, in addition to macadamia nuts. Effective 1/1/2026. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Affordable Housing Development.. Description: Appropriates funds to the Hawaii Housing Finance and Development Corporation for the establishment and hiring of project manager III positions to aid in the development of affordable housing options in the State. Declares that the general fund expenditure ceiling is exceeded. Effective 7/1/3000. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The Traffic Code.. Description: Authorizes stopping, standing, and parking restrictions and prohibitions on property under jurisdiction of the Director of Transportation and the counties, respectively. Specifies that the counties may issue traffic infractions for violations of any law prohibiting or restricting the stopping, standing, or parking of vehicles on all highways and county property. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Consumer Protection.. Description: Beginning 7/1/2027, requires roasted coffee, instant coffee, and ready-to-drink coffee beverages that contain Hawaii-grown and Hawaii-processed coffee blended with coffee of another regional origin to contain no less than fifty-one per cent coffee by weight from the Hawaii geographic origin. Exempts retailers that do not package roasted coffee, instant coffee, or ready-to-drink coffee beverages from liability for the sale of roasted coffee, instant coffee, or ready-to-drink coffee beverages that use a label or advertisement in violation of the coffee labeling law. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Homelessness.. Description: Establishes a Homeless Triage Center Program within the Alcohol and Drug Abuse Division of the Department of Health. Declares that the general fund expenditure ceiling is exceeded. Appropriates funds. Takes effect 12/31/2050. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Crime.. Description: Clarifies that the areas appurtenant to a multi-unit dwelling that are restricted to residents are included as dwellings for the purposes of prosecuting offenses under burglary in the first degree. Allows the owner of a multi-unit building, owner of an individual unit, property manager, or an authorized representative of the condominium association to act as a complainant for the purpose of investigating and prosecuting a burglary in the first degree in a multi-unit building. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Condominiums.. Description: Repeals the cutoff date of Act 196, SLH 2018, that allowed the use of funds in the Condominium Education Trust Fund initially dedicated to support voluntary binding arbitration to be used for other educational purposes. Takes effect 7/1/2040. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Condominiums.. Description: Repeals provisions governing the use of electronic voting devices at condominium association meetings. Clarifies the procedure for electronic meetings, electronic voting, and mail voting. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Condominiums.. Description: Clarifies that, in condominium elections, cumulative voting rights apply to all candidates regardless of whether they are nominated. Clarifies that individual votes are used in cumulative voting. Effective 7/1/3000. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Planned Community Associations.. Description: Clarifies that the deadline for proxy votes to be delivered to the secretary of the planned community association or the managing agent for association meetings is 4:30 p.m. Hawaii-Aleutian Standard Time. Clarifies that any owner seeking nomination to the association board and wanting to receive proxy votes can submit a statement of qualifications that shall not exceed one single-sided eight and one-half inches by eleven inches page. Effective 7/1/3000. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Hawaii Nonprofit Corporations Act.. Description: Exempts planned community associations and condominium associations from the quorum and voting requirements under the Hawaii Nonprofit Corporations Act. Takes effect 7/1/2040. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Affordable Housing.. Description: Appropriates funds to the Hawaii Housing Finance and Development Corporation to acquire and renovate parcels and buildings located between Bethel Street, Pauahi Street, Fort Street, and Chaplain Lane in Honolulu, Oahu, for affordable housing purposes. Requires units to be affordable to households having an income that does not exceed a percentage of the area median income. Effective 7/1/3000. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Rose-ringed Parakeets.. Description: Establishes a 1-year pilot program to reduce the population of rose-ringed parakeets on Kauai and Oahu using past research and on-the-ground experience to guide future strategies. Appropriates funds. Declares that the appropriation exceeds the state general fund expenditure ceiling for 2024-2025. Sunsets 6/30/2025. Effective 7/1/3000. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Infrastructure.. Description: Establishes a dam and reservoir working group to ensure and enhance the continued availability and safe operation of dams and reservoirs in the State and consider their role in drought mitigation and the maintenance of a dependable water supply. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Hemp.. Description: Makes imposition of the fine penalty applicable to any violation of the commercial hemp production licensure requirement as well as restrictions on growing and transporting hemp. Repeals the requirement for additional rules by the Department of Agriculture to address nuisance issues, including smell, noise, and excessive lighting arising out of the activities of hemp growers. Clarifies that the Department of Agriculture shall not require testing or sampling of hemp that duplicates testing and sampling required by the United States Department of Agriculture. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Pesticides.. Description: Replaces representatives from the sugar and pineapple industries with representatives of the coffee and diversified agriculture industries on the Advisory Committee on Pesticides. (SD2)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To 911 Services.. Description: Deletes the term "enhanced" in reference to 911 services to allow funding of all 911 technologies. Allows the 911 Board to employ staff, in addition to the Executive Director, exempt from the civil service and collective bargaining laws. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Making Appropriations For Claims Against The State, Its Officers, Or Its Employees.. Description: Makes appropriations and approves payments for claims against the State, its officers, and its employees. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Funding For The Tobacco Enforcement Special Fund.. Description: Establishes a stamp fee floor inventory tax on the stock inventory of stamps held by licensees before any increase in the stamp fee under the cigarette and tobacco tax laws is assessed and levied. Amends the ceiling for the Tobacco Enforcement Special Fund. Amends the cigarette tax stamp fee and the percentage of the cigarette tax stamp fee deposited to the Tobacco Enforcement Special Fund. Amends the amount to be deposited to the credit of the Tobacco Enforcement Special Fund from tobacco settlement moneys. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD2)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Weapons.. Description: Prohibits carrying or using a firearm in the commission of a separate misdemeanor offense. Amends and clarifies prohibitions regarding deadly or dangerous weapons, switchblade knives, and butterfly knives. Clarifies hunter education certificates and other written exemptions regarding permit issuing. (SD2)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Enforcement Of Orders Of Wage Payment.. Description: Expedites the enforcement of orders of wage payment violations by allowing the Director of Labor and Industrial Relations to file certified copies of the final orders in any court of competent jurisdiction. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Law Enforcement.. Description: Exempts the administrator of the Law Enforcement Standards Board from civil service laws. Clarifies membership and certain powers and duties of the Law Enforcement Standards Board and establishes new deadlines for the completion of board responsibilities. Adds to the membership of the Law Enforcement Standards Board a member selected by the union representing police officers in the State. (SD2)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Criminal Justice Data Sharing Groups.. Description: Establishes the Criminal Justice Data Sharing and Research Group to consolidate the efforts of the Criminal Justice Data Sharing Working Group and the Gun Violence and Violent Crimes Commission. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The Small Business Regulatory Review Board.. Description: Clarifies that the Small Business Regulatory Review Board has the authority to review legislation affecting small businesses in response to requests from small business owners. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Hawaii Technology Development Corporation.. Description: Changes the cap for awards to assist businesses applying for the Small Business Innovation Research Grant Program and the Small Business Technology Transfer Grant Program of the Hawaii Technology Development Corporation. Adds purchasing of renewable energy technology systems as an eligible expense, and clarifies that training on new and existing manufacturing equipment is an eligible expense, for the Manufacturing Development Grant Program. Declares that the general fund expenditure ceiling is exceeded. Appropriates funds. Takes effect 1/1/2060. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Hawaii Housing Finance And Development Corporation.. Description: Repeals the Hawaii Housing Finance and Development Corporation's Homebuyers' Club Program. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Environmental Impact Statements.. Description: Exempts from environmental impact statement requirements certain affordable housing projects. Takes effect 7/1/3000. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii enrolled a bill titled: Relating To The Hawaii Community Development Authority.. Description: Authorizes the Hawaii Community Development Authority to render services upon request to assist state and county agencies on projects within and outside designated community development districts. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Conveyance Tax.. Description: Amends the conveyance tax rate for certain properties. Exempts conveyances of certain real property from the conveyance tax. Establishes a new conveyance tax rate for multifamily residential properties. Eliminates the cap on the amount of conveyance tax collections allocated to the Land Conservation Fund and Rental Housing Revolving Fund. Allocates ten percent of conveyance tax collections to the Dwelling Unit Revolving Fund for the purpose of funding infrastructure programs in transit-oriented development areas. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD2)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Transit-oriented Development Planning.. Description: Replaces the Director of Law Enforcement with the Director of Corrections and Rehabilitation on the Hawaii Interagency Council for Transit-Oriented Development. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Greenhouse Gas Sequestration Task Force.. Description: Repeals the Greenhouse Gas Sequestration Task Force. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Energy.. Description: Clarifies that the party responsible for renewable portfolio standards support and reporting on certain energy matters shall be the Chief Energy Officer of the Hawaii State Energy Office. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The Hawaii Community-based Economic Development Technical And Financial Assistance Program.. Description: Increases the maximum interest rate on Community-Based Economic Development loans to ten per cent. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Stadium Authority.. Description: Clarifies requirements to establish a quorum to do business and validate acts of the Stadium Authority. Takes effect 4/14/2112. (SD2)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Solar Energy Storage Loan Program.. Description: Clarifies part III of Act 164, SLH 2023, as it pertains to the appropriation for the Solar Energy Storage Loan Program. Requires the Hawaii Green Infrastructure Authority to submit a legislative report on a plan to make the green infrastructure special fund self-sufficient. Effective 1/1/2060. (SD2)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Making Emergency Appropriations For Public Employment Cost Items.. Description: Makes emergency appropriations for collective bargaining cost items for the members of Bargaining Units (1) and (10) and their excluded counterparts, including the cost of salary adjustments negotiated between the State and the bargaining unit representative for fiscal biennium 2023-2025. Declares that the general fund expenditure ceiling is exceeded. Takes effect 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Making Emergency Appropriations For Public Employment Cost Items.. Description: Makes emergency appropriations for collective bargaining cost items for the members of Bargaining Units (1), (2), (3), (4), (8), (9), (10), (13), and (14) and their excluded counterparts, including the cost of salary adjustments negotiated between the State and the bargaining unit representative for fiscal biennium 2023-2025. Makes emergency appropriations for the public employment cost items and cost adjustments for employees of the Senate, House of Representatives, and various legislative agencies who are excluded from collective bargaining. (CD2)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Funding Adjustments For State Programs.. Description: Adjusts funding for Department of Transportation programs to pay for anticipated operating shortfalls due to the limited ability to transfer funds between programs. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Funding Adjustments For State Programs.. Description: Adjust funding for Department of Public Safety programs for anticipated operating shortfalls due to the limited ability for departments to transfer funds between programs. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Making An Emergency Appropriation To The Department Of Budget And Finance.. Description: Makes an emergency appropriation to provide special funds for disbursements of moneys in the Mass Transit Special Fund. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Employees' Retirement System.. Description: Clarifies the Employees' Retirement System's eligibility requirement definitions for service-connected disability and accidental death benefits. Takes effect 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The School Facilities Special Fund.. Description: Replaces the School Facilities Authority with the Department of Education as the administrator of the School Facilities Special Fund. Changes the means of financing for a portion of funds appropriated for deposit into the School Facilities Special Fund to expand pre-kindergarten student capacity within the State from general funds to general obligation bond funds. Repeals the funds appropriated into and out of the School Facilities Special Fund by Act 257, SLH 2022, as amended. (SD2)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Money Transmitters Modernization Act.. Description: Continues the alignment of Hawaii's money transmitters law with the provisions of the Model Money Transmitters Modernization Act, thereby enabling Hawaii to work within a network of states to license, supervise, and examine transglobal money transmission companies as a multistate system. Provides clarity and consistency of the tangible net worth provision using nationwide standards. Assesses the initial license fee of $5,000 for money transmitter applicants upon approval of the application. Adds as a permissible investment the receivables due to the licensee from its payment processors for debit or credit card transactions authorized by the licensee's customers for many transmission services obtained from the licensee. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Renewable Energy.. Description: Requires the Public Utilities Commission to explicitly consider the effect of the State's reliance on fossil fuels on lifecycle greenhouse gas emissions and gives the Public Utilities Commission the discretion to waive a lifecycle greenhouse gas emissions assessment for energy projects that do not involve combustion. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Title 24, Hawaii Revised Statutes.. Description: Requires health insurers, mutual benefit societies, and health maintenance organizations to cover mandated services for mammography at least as favorably as coverage for other radiological examinations. Provides amendments to external review procedures to improve consistency with the National Association of Insurance Commissioners Uniform Health Carrier External Review Model Act. Takes effect 7/1/2025. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Insurance.. Description: Amends various provisions of the Insurance Code to update and improve existing provisions. Defines "dormant captive insurance company", sets out a procedure to apply for a certificate of dormancy, and exempts certified dormant captive insurance companies from certain tax and reporting requirements. Includes in the term "trade name", names under which individuals or business entities are conducting business or doing business as. Clarifies continuing education provider filing requirements. Clarifies reinsurance intermediary-manager filing requirements. Amends the surety bond threshold requirement for third party administrators and clarifies the audited financial statements requirements. Amends the definitions of "controlled unaffiliated business" and "participant" as applied to captive insurance companies. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The Hawaii National Guard.. Description: Makes Hawaii National Guard service members activated by the Governor or the Governor's designated representative to state active duty ineligible for enrollment in the Employees' Retirement System based solely on the active duty service. (SD2)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The Hawaii National Guard.. Description: Authorizes the payment of allowances for TRICARE Reserve Select coverages to junior officers, warrant officers, or enlisted personnel of the Hawaii National Guard ordered to active duty for more than thirty days in the service of the State. (SD2)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The Hawaii State Public Library System.. Description: Exempts an additional administrative assistant position in the Hawaii State Public Library System from civil service. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Education.. Description: Requires a teacher to forfeit their teaching license if the teacher resigns or retires during the pendency of any investigation into allegations of sexual assault, sexual harassment, or other physical abuse of a student. Requires the forfeiture of the teacher's license to be reported to the National Association of State Directors of Teacher Education and Certification. (SD2)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Workers' Compensation.. Description: Allows newly graduated high school students to be eligible for workers' compensation coverage during the summer following their high school graduation while participating in Department of Education-sponsored work-based learning programs. Takes effect 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Making An Emergency Appropriation To The Department Of Education For Food Services.. Description: Makes an emergency appropriation to the Department of Education for its food service operations. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Making An Emergency Appropriation To The Department Of Education For Charter Schools.. Description: Makes an emergency appropriation to the Department of Education for charter schools. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Income Tax.. Description: Incrementally increases standard deduction amounts and widens income tax brackets for specific taxable years beginning after 12/31/2023. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Emergency Management.. Description: Clarifies the types of events that constitute disasters and emergencies for the purposes of emergency management. Takes effect 7/1/2042. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To State Finances.. Description: Establishes the Climate Health and Environmental Action Special Fund in the Department of Land and Natural Resources to minimize the impacts of, and respond to, climate crises. Imposes an additional $25 dollar tax on transient accommodations. Allocates a portion of transient accommodations tax revenue to the Climate Health and Environmental Action Special Fund. Narrows the transient accommodations tax exemption for accommodations furnished at no charge or on a complimentary or gratuitous basis to accommodations for the purpose of providing emergency housing to persons displaced as a result of a state of emergency or state disaster. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD2)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Wildfire Risk Mitigation.. Description: Creates a process for electric utilities to develop and submit wildfire protection plans to the Public Utilities Commission for approval and allow the recovery of related costs and expenses through securitization, while avoiding a disproportionate impact on a specific ratepayer or county. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD2)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Health.. Description: Renames the Hawaii Health Corps Program to the Hawaii Rural Health Care Provider Loan Program. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Nurse Licensure Compact.. Description: Authorizes the Governor to enter the State into the multistate Nurse Licensure Compact, which will allow a nurse who is licensed by a home state to practice under a multistate licensure privilege in each party state. Beginning 7/1/2026, requires individuals that hold a multistate nurse license issued by another state employed by a health care facility to annually complete demographic data surveys. Authorizes the State Board of Nursing to charge different fees customarily and historically charged for registered nurses and licensed practical nurses who hold a multistate license issued by the State. Takes effect 7/1/3000; provided that the Nurse Licensure Compact shall become effective and binding in the State two years after enactment of this Act. (SD2)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Taxation.. Description: Provides a conveyance tax exemption for certain real property furnished as a transient accommodation. Repeals 1/1/2026. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Department Of Hawaiian Home Lands.. Description: Establishes the Act 279 special fund until 6/30/2026. Deposits certain unexpended and unencumbered funds appropriated through Act 279, Session Laws of Hawaii 2022, that are set to lapse on 6/30/2024 into the Act 279 special fund and appropriates funds out of the special fund. Lapses unencumbered moneys from the appropriation out of the Act 279 special fund on 6/30/2026. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The Child Abuse And Neglect Central Registry.. Description: Clarifies that a confirmed report of child abuse or neglect, harm, or threatened harm will result in the perpetrator's name being maintained in the central registry. Clarifies when a person's name may be expunged from the central registry and establishes a process for expungement upon request. Takes effect 7/1/2025. (SD2)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Relative Resource Caregivers.. Description: Clarifies when a relative seeking to be a resource caregiver for a child is entitled to an administrative appeal for the Department of Human Services' denial of a foster home license. (SD2)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Preschool Open Doors Program.. Description: Specifies that the priority of selection for preschool open doors program participation applies only during the priority application period between February 1 and the start of each program year. Specifies that applications received after the priority application period shall be processed on a first-come, first-served basis. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Child Protective Act.. Description: Adds a definition for "exigent circumstances" and amends the definitions of "harm" and "imminent harm" under the Child Protective Act. Clarifies when the police may take protective custody of a child and when the Department of Human Services may assume temporary foster custody of a child when exigent circumstances are present. Creates a judicial process for filing a petition for an order for protective custody, including the circumstances where such an order may be issued without notice and without a hearing. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD2)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Summer Electronic Benefits Transfer For Children Program.. Description: Establishes the Summer Electronic Benefits Transfer for Children Program. Appropriates funds. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Inspections On Public Land.. Description: Establishes a statutory framework for inspections by the Department of Land and Natural Resources of public land subject to certain leases or licenses, including inspections of structures or buildings by third-party inspectors contracted by the Department. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Licensing.. Description: Authorizes the Director of Health to permit synchronous online access to apply for marriage and civil union licenses in lieu of in-person applications, as specified in rules adopted by the Department of Health. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Medical Cannabis.. Description: Repeals the sunset date of the authorization for primary caregivers to cultivate medical cannabis for qualifying patients. Clarifies that primary caregivers may continue to cultivate medical cannabis for qualifying patients subject to certain restrictions. Increases the maximum number of qualified patients for which each location used to cultivate cannabis may cultivate cannabis from five to ten patients. Effective 12/31/2050. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Criminal History Record Checks.. Description: Authorizes the Department of Health to conduct criminal history record checks of applicants for permits to operate as a hemp processor. Sunsets 7/1/2027. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Parking For Disabled Persons.. Description: Authorizes the Examiner of Drivers to suspend the driver's license of a person who violates certain regulations relating to the use of disability parking permits. Requires the court to distribute fifty per cent of any fine imposed on a person who violates certain regulations for the use of disability parking permits to the law enforcement agency that issued the citation. Authorizes each county to enact ordinances to enforce the design and construction requirements for the provision of accessible parking spaces, including the establishment of penalties for failure to comply with the ordinances. Authorizes officials appointed by a county to enter the property of places of public accommodation to enforce violations of the county ordinances. Takes effect 4/14/2112. (SD2)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Parking For Disabled Persons.. Description: Establishes a disability travel placard to be issued to an existing permittee for use at the travel destination. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Mental Health.. Description: Authorizes examination of defendants via telehealth. Amends conditions for certain petty misdemeanants' release or examination of fitness to proceed. Provides a mechanism for the automatic screening of certain nonviolent defendants for involuntary hospitalization or assisted community treatment. Appropriates funds. Declares that the appropriations exceed the general fund expenditure ceiling for 2024-2025. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Water Infrastructure.. Description: Authorizes the Governor, or a state official with authorization from the Governor, to transfer federal capitalization grant funds between the Water Pollution Control Revolving Fund and the Drinking Water Treatment Revolving Loan Fund, in accordance with Title 40 Code of Federal Regulations section 35.3530(c). Requires the Department of Health to submit an annual report to the Legislature on transfers between the Drinking Water Treatment Revolving Loan Fund and Water Pollution Control Revolving Fund. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Making An Emergency Appropriation To The Department Of Health.. Description: Makes an emergency appropriation for asbestos remediation; the temporarily relocation of Department of Health offices if necessary; and preliminary planning for the redevelopment of the Kinau Hale site. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Private Security Contracts.. Description: Effective January 1, 2024, transfers the responsibility and management of certain private security contracts from the Department of Law Enforcement to the Department of Health, Department of Human Services, and Department of Defense for their respective facilities. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The Department Of Law Enforcement.. Description: Expands the requirement that the Department of Law Enforcement pursue and obtain accreditation from the Commission on Accreditation for Law Enforcement Agencies, Inc., to all divisions and sections within the Department. Establishes five CALEA coordinator positions, exempt from civil service, within the Department of Law Enforcement. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The Department Of Law Enforcement.. Description: Requires the Director of Law Enforcement to investigate alleged violations of the law when directed to do so by the Governor or when the Director determines that an investigation would be in the public interest. Authorizes the Director of Law Enforcement to issue subpoenas as part of the investigative powers of the Department of Law Enforcement. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Homeland Security.. Description: Establishes and specifies protections for critical infrastructure information that is received or maintained by the Office of Homeland Security for use regarding the security of critical infrastructure and protected systems. Defines and protects critical infrastructure information that is crucial for direct support of the security and resilience of the State. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Homeland Security.. Description: Makes the Hawaii Cybersecurity, Economic, Education, and Infrastructure Security Coordinator exempt from civil service. Effective 7/1/2042. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Electronic Prescription Accountability System.. Description: Clarifies who may access information stored in the electronic prescription accountability system. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The Wage And Hour Law.. Description: Amending the definition of "employee" in Hawaii's Wage and Hour Law to exclude any employee who receives guaranteed compensation totaling $4,000 or more a month. (SD2)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Rent Credits For Demolition And Infrastructure Costs On Public Land Leases.. Description: Repeals the sunset provision of Act 222, Session Laws of Hawaii 2021, to permanently allow the Board of Land and Natural Resources to approve rent credits for demolition and infrastructure costs for public land leases. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Contested Cases.. Description: Clarifies that a contested case hearing is not required when an identical or substantially similar administrative matter has been finally adjudicated. Includes administrative contested case proceedings within the scope of the vexatious litigant statute. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To State Gesture.. Description: Adopts, establishes, and designates the shaka as the official gesture of the State. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD2)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Conservation Mitigation Programs.. Description: Authorizes the Department of Land and Natural Resources to operate and approve conservation bank and conservation in-lieu fee mitigation programs. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD2)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Commercial Ocean Activity.. Description: Provides that advertisements or offers of unpermitted commercial ocean use activities or commercial ocean recreational equipment are prima facie evidence that the owner disseminated or directed dissemination of such advertisements or offers and the commercial activity is operated at the location advertised or offered. Includes advertisements and offers in the definition of "commercial activity" as used in the state ocean recreation and coastal areas laws. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Commercial Ocean Recreation Operations.. Description: Specifies that the Department of Land and Natural Resources shall issue all new commercial use permits for commercial ocean recreation activity in an ORMA that are not renewals or reissuances by public auction. Revises provisions relating to boating and ocean recreation fees and permits. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The Pacific Marine Fisheries Compact.. Description: Authorizes the Governor to execute a compact on behalf of the State to cooperate in the Pacific States Marine Fisheries Commission. Establishes procedures for selection and succession of commissioners from the State of Hawaii. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Taking Of Marine Deposits.. Description: Authorizes the Department of Land and Natural Resources to approve permits for research, education, management, or propagation purposes that include the taking of sand, dead coral or coral rubble, rocks, soil, and other marine deposits seaward from the shoreline. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD2)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The Certification Of Documents.. Description: Requires the Office of the Lieutenant Governor to set a fee for the issuance of an apostille or a non-apostille certification by administrative rules. Establishes the Apostilles and Certifications Special Fund. Appropriates funds into and out of the special fund. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Time Share Commissioners Of Deeds.. Description: Repeals the Time Share Commissioners of Deeds. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Meeting Notices.. Description: Requires the Office of the Lieutenant Governor or the appropriate county clerk's office to ensure access to paper or electronic copies of all meeting notices and removes the requirement to post notices in a central location in a public building. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Criminal History Record Checks.. Description: Authorizes the Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation to search criminal histories and fingerprint records of current and prospective volunteers and contracted and subcontracted service providers and their employees who are directly involved in providing correctional programs, treatment, and services to persons committed to a correctional facility or places them in close proximity to persons committed when providing services on behalf of the Department or the correctional facility. (SD2)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Conformity To The Internal Revenue Code.. Description: Conforms Hawaii income and estate and generation-skipping transfer tax laws to the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended as of 12/31/2023. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To State Tax Administration.. Description: Repeals an obsolete fee for a certified copy of a tax clearance. Adds a penalty for failure to comply with reporting requirements under the general excise tax law and transient accommodations tax law for collection of rent by a third party. Raises the unfair competition penalty under the general excise tax law to adjust for inflation. (SD2)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Tax Enforcement.. Description: Authorizes the Department of Taxation to serve administrative subpoenas outside the State. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The Taxation Board Of Review.. Description: Amends the minimum qualifications for the Chairperson of the Taxation Board of Review. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Tax Administration.. Description: Exempts senior software developers in the Department of Taxation from civil service. (SD2)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Capital Advancement Contracts.. Description: Increases the caps for the total contract value for any one capital advancement contract (CAC) and the total aggregate value of CACs in a fiscal year entered into by the Department of Transportation with private parties for harbor improvements and adds reporting requirements for the Department. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Commercial Driver's Licenses.. Description: Amends existing state law to adopt federal penalties for commercial driver's license violations. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Commercial Driver's Licenses.. Description: Amends existing law to meet new federal regulations for commercial driver's licenses when the Drug and Alcohol Clearinghouse prohibits a driver from operating a commercial vehicle due to drug and alcohol violations. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Commercial Driver's Licenses.. Description: Creates two new commercial driver's license restrictions relating to operating a commercial motor vehicle in excess of eighteen thousand pounds gross vehicle weight rating and operating a commercial motor vehicle on Lanai and Molokai only. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Procurement.. Description: Adds alternative procurement methods to the types of methods of source selection. Allows an alternative procurement method when the federal government provides for or approves the alternative procurement method and the head of the purchasing agency makes a written determination that it is neither practicable nor advantageous to use the existing statutory procurement methods. Exempts from the Hawaii Public Procurement Code contracts by government bodies to procure certain construction projects. Takes effect 7/1/2491. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The University Of Hawaii Resident Tuition Fee.. Description: Requires the tuition residency rules for the University of Hawaii to grant the resident tuition fee for enrollment at any University of Hawaii campus to individuals who have graduated from a Hawaii high school and are enrolling in an undergraduate degree program, under certain conditions. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Procurement For The University Of Hawaii.. Description: Designates the Chief Financial Officer of the University of Hawaii to act as the University of Hawaii's chief procurement officer until 6/30/2028. Effective 6/29/2024. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Teacher Housing.. Description: Establishes the Teacher Home Assistance Program to provide housing vouchers to certain eligible teachers. Appropriates funds out of the Teachers' Housing Revolving Fund. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To University Of Hawaii Conference Center Revolving Fund.. Description: Establishes the University of Hawaii Conference Center Revolving Fund and authorizes the University of Hawaii to establish accounts under the fund to facilitate the administration of the revolving fund for conference center programs among various campuses and operating units of the University of Hawaii System. Repeals the Conference Center Revolving Fund for the University of Hawaii at Hilo. Lapses funds to the University of Hawaii Conference Center Revolving Fund. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The University Of Hawaii Reporting Requirements.. Description: Repeals the reporting requirement to identify the cost impacts to the State of providing workers' compensation coverage for University of Hawaii students. (SD2)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Technology Transfer At The University Of Hawaii.. Description: Repeals the sunset provision in Act 38, Session Laws of Hawaii 2017, as amended by Act 8, Special Session Laws of Hawaii 2021, to allow the University of Hawaii to continue to regulate conflicts of interests and other ethical issues for technology transfer activities it sponsors. Effective 6/29/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To University Of Hawaii Research.. Description: Repeals the Innovation and Commercialization Initiative Program's sunset provision in Act 8, Special Session Laws of Hawaii 2021, to allow the continuation of the Innovation and Commercialization Initiative Program established within the University of Hawaii. Effective 6/29/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Cigarette Taxes.. Description: Beginning 7/1/2024, expands the cigarette tax levied upon a wholesaler or dealer under section 245-3, HRS, to electronic smoking devices and e-liquids. Requires 1.0 cent per cigarette, electronic smoking device, and e-liquid, but not more than $500,000 per fiscal year, to be deposited into the credit of the Tobacco Enforcement Special Fund. Clarifies that tax revenues deposited into the Hawaii Cancer Research Special Fund shall not be used for early clinical trials. Effective 12/31/2050. (SD2)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Land Use.. Description: Increases the fines for violations of land use laws. Imposes enhanced fines for developers and owners of important agricultural lands who repeatedly use the lands for unintended purposes. Effective 7/1/3000. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii enrolled a bill titled: Proposing An Amendment To Article Vi, Section 3 Of The Hawaii State Constitution To Increase The Mandatory Retirement Age For State Justices And Judges.. Description: Proposes a constitutional amendment to increase the mandatory retirement age for state justices and judges from seventy years to seventy-five years. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Expungement.. Description: Expands expungement eligibility to persons whose convictions for consuming a measurable amount of alcohol while under the age of twenty-one or first-time property offenses predated current expungement provisions. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Renewable Energy.. Description: Allows the counties to establish, by ordinance, an opt-in program that allows an annual payment in lieu of real property taxes on the land or improvements thereon that are actively used to produce or store renewable energy that is sold to an electric utility. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD2)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Making Appropriations To Provide For The Expenses Of The Legislature, The Auditor, The Legislative Reference Bureau, The Ombudsman, And The Ethics Commission.. Description: Appropriates funds to provide for the expenses of the Legislature, Auditor, Legislative Reference Bureau, Ombudsman, and Ethics Commission. Declares that certain appropriations will further exceed the state general fund expenditure ceiling for fiscal year 2023-2024.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Alcohol.. Description: Expands the definition of "beer" under the liquor regulatory laws to mean any alcoholic beverage containing no less than 0.5 per cent alcohol by volume obtained by fermentation of any infusion or decoction of malt or any substitute, including alcohol seltzer beverages and excluding sake, cooler beverages, and other distilled products. Authorizes brewpubs to sell beer they manufacture, or beer manufactured on their premises, subject to certain conditions. Effective 1/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Electric Utility Lineman.. Description: Beginning 1/1/2027, establishes licensing requirements, including minimum standards and qualifications, for licensure as a journey worker electric utility lineman and expands the Board of Electricians and Plumbers to include members engaged in electric utility work. Repeals an existing exception to the impending sunset of the limited exemption from electrician licensing requirements that was originally enacted by Act 65, SLH 2013, and extended pursuant to Act 60, SLH 2018, and Act 68, SLH 2022. Takes effect on 7/1/2027. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Condominiums.. Description: Part I: Requires the Real Estate Commission (Commission) to receive and investigate complaints by condominium unit owners against associations that are subject to condominium laws. Establishes a Condominium Ombudsman to receive and investigate complaints by condominium unit owners against the Commission regarding the Commission's foregoing duties. Requires the Condominium Ombudsman to issue findings within thirty business days after a complaint is filed. Part II: Prevents a simple majority of unit owners from immediately removing a director that was elected by cumulative voting during any regular or special meeting of an association. Takes effect 7/1/2491. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Motor Vehicles.. Description: Increases the penalty for a third or subsequent offense involving the unauthorized driving or operation of motor vehicles to a class C felony. Authorizes the court, as part of the person's sentencing for the third or subsequent offense, to order that the vehicle used by the person in the commission of the offense be subject to forfeiture. Takes effect 7/1/2024. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Critical Infrastructure Information.. Description: Excludes critical infrastructure information from disclosure requirements under the Uniform Information Practices Act. Takes effect 4/14/2112. (SD2)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Child Care.. Description: Establishes a child care classroom contracts pilot program to require the Department of Human Services to contract directly with child care center providers in licensed infant and toddler child care centers and group child care centers that meet certain criteria. Requires reports to the Legislature. Appropriates funds for a position to support the pilot program. Sunsets the pilot program on 6/30/2027. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Child Protective Act.. Description: Amends the definition of "harm" under the Child Protective Act. Requires a service plan to include an evaluation or assessment by a service provider trained in domestic violence of family members in the family home who are perpetrators or alleged perpetrators of domestic violence. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD2)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Medical Transportation.. Description: Establishes within the Department of Health a 2-year pilot project to charter flights from rural islands to an urban island to provide rural island residents with reliable transportation to medical care on urban islands. Appropriates funds. Declares that the general fund expenditure ceiling is exceeded. Sunsets 6/30/2026. Takes effect 12/31/2050. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Invasive Species.. Description: Allows for the use of fine meshed nets for the protection of plants against invasive species, under certain conditions. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Accessory Dwelling Units.. Description: Establishes the Accessory Dwelling Unit Loan Program under the Hawaii Housing Finance and Development Corporation to provide loans for the development of accessory dwelling units. Appropriates funds. Declares that the general fund expenditure ceiling is exceeded. Takes effect 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Employee Benefits.. Description: Extends, under certain conditions, the family leave period under state law, for up to eight additional weeks for employees who are unable to perform their employment duties due to the birth of a child who is required to stay in a neonatal intensive care unit. Amends the definition of "because of sex" in section 3781, HRS, that governs discriminatory employment practices, to include neonatal care. Requires the Civil Rights Commission to amend its administrative rules to ensure that neonatal care is included as a "related medical condition" wherever the phrase "pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical condition" or any similar phrase is used. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Pharmacists.. Description: Authorizes pharmacists to administer vaccines to persons three years of age or older. Authorizes pharmacy interns and pharmacy technicians under the direct supervision of a pharmacist to administer vaccinations to persons three years of age or older, if certain requirements are met. Authorizes pharmacists to order vaccines for administration to persons three years of age or older. Effective 1/1/2025. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Hawaii Able Savings Program.. Description: Clarifies the sources of funding for the Hawaii ABLE Saving Program Trust Fund. Authorizes the Director of Finance to expend all moneys in the trust fund to fulfill the purposes of the Hawaii ABLE Savings Program, including providing incentive payments to Hawaii public school ABLE account owner. Declares that the general fund expenditure ceiling is exceeded. Appropriates funds. Takes effect 12/31/2050. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii enrolled a bill titled: Relating To The Hawaii Tourism Authority.. Description: Exempts the Hawaii Convention Center from certain requirements regarding concessions on public property. Authorizes the Hawaii Tourism Authority to sell or lease naming rights for the Hawaii Convention Center facility. Facilitates advertising and marketing in and on the Hawaii Convention Center facility. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Attorneys.. Description: Requires petitions or motions for a pro hac vice appearance for a court or arbitration proceeding to be supported by certain evidence to ensure that both the applicant and local counsel will pay all state income tax and general excise tax due for Hawaii business activities as well as any other information or documentation required by the Rules of the Supreme Court of the State of Hawaii. Effective 4/14/2112. (SD2)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Education.. Description: Authorizes the Department of Health to require the Department of Education to report coronavirus disease 2019 potential outbreaks or other public health emergencies and related information in a manner most appropriate to public health and safety, as determined by the Department of Health. Repeals the requirement to publish the report on the Department of Education's website. Prohibits the Department of Health from requiring the Department of Education to provide personally identifiable information in any report pursuant to the federal Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act. Authorizes the Department of Education to provide personally identifiable information only after it has determined that a health or safety emergency exists. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Early Learning.. Description: Exempts prekindergarten-only public charter schools from certain provisions affecting charter schools relating to funding and finance, the use of the weighted student formula, athletics, enrollment, computer science courses and content, and enrollment in industry-credential programs. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Hilo Community Economic District.. Description: Clarifies that the Board of Land and Natural Resources shall not unilaterally amend the terms and conditions of any lease of public lands being extended pursuant to Act 149, Session Laws of Hawaii 2018, except as otherwise provided therein; and if the Board of Land and Natural Resources wishes to amend the terms and conditions of any lease of public lands being extended to reflect the Board's most current lease form and leasing practices and policies, such lease form and leasing practices and policies must be included in the rules of the Board. Defines "lease of public lands". Repeals 6/30/2028. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Emergency Management.. Description: Removes the ability of the Governor or a mayor to suspend electronic media transmission during a state of emergency or local state of emergency, respectively. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Food Security.. Description: Appropriates funds for food bank purchases from local farmers, to be expended by the Department of Agriculture via requests for proposals. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Disaster Relief.. Description: Establishes a Disaster Relief Match Special Fund to support the local match requirements of the Federal Emergency Management Agency Maui Wildfires Hazard Mitigation Grant Program for projects that implement mitigation measures to prevent and minimize the impacts of natural hazards affecting the State. Appropriates moneys into the Disaster Relief Match Special Fund. Makes appropriations to support the State's continued response to the August 2023 wildfires that affected the counties of Hawaii and Maui. Declares that the appropriations exceed the state general fund expenditure ceiling for 2024-2025. Effective 7/1/2042. (SD2)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Administrative Fees.. Description: Statutorily establishes a Department of Land and Natural Resources transaction fee for each recording in the Bureau of Conveyances and Land Court. Amends the authorized uses of moneys in the Bureau of Conveyances Special Fund. Repeals language that required the Bureau of Conveyances' microfilm fees to be established by rules. Effective 1/1/3000. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Renewable Energy.. Description: Requires government entities in the State that issue building permits to implement, by 1/1/2025, SolarAPP+ or a functionally equivalent online automated permitting platform that verifies code compliance and issues permits to licensed contractors for solar distributed energy resource systems in real time. Requires government entities in the State that issue building permits in areas served by an investor-owned electric utility to adopt a self-certification process for solar distributed energy resource systems that are not SolarAPP+ compatible. Requires the Hawaii State Energy Office to develop a plan for the State to achieve its energy goals with deadlines, including the Renewable Portfolio Standards, before 1/1/2025. Takes effect 1/1/2060. (SD2)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Agricultural Biosecurity.. Description: Requires the Department of Agriculture to lead and coordinate the State's invasive pest control and eradication biosecurity efforts. Establishes certain reporting requirements. Appropriates funds to the Department of Agriculture for programs and positions in agricultural biosecurity. Appropriates funds to each county as a grant-in-aid, subject to a county match, for the implementation of feral chicken control programs. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Department Of Education Procurement.. Description: Exempts Department of Education purchases of local edible produce and packaged food products less than a certain amount from the electronic procurement system requirement. Requires at least three written quotes for Department of Education purchases of local edible produce and packaged food products between certain amounts. Effective 7/1/3000. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Firearms.. Description: Appropriates funds to the Department of Law Enforcement for the State's Gun Buyback Program. Declares that the general fund expenditure ceiling is exceeded. Takes effect 7/1/2042. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Fishponds.. Description: Specifies certain findings the Board of Land and Natural Resources must make for a lease of a government-owned Hawaiian fishpond. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Appraisal Management Companies.. Description: Reestablishes the Appraisal Management Company Registration Program within the Department of Commerce and Consumer Affairs, to begin September 1, 2024. Appropriates funds from the Compliance Resolution Fund for the Program. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Eviction Mediation.. Description: Beginning 11/1/2024: extends the period for a notice of termination of a rental agreement; requires tenants and landlords to engage in mediation; delays filing an action for summary possession if a tenant schedules or attempts to schedule mediation; and requires landlords to provide specific information in the 10calendar-day notice to tenants. Appropriates funds. Repeals 11/1/2026. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD2)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Little Fire Ants.. Description: Appropriates funds to support the Hawaii Ant Lab in mitigating the effects of little fire ants in the State. Declares that the appropriation exceeds the state general fund expenditure ceiling for 2024-2025. Effective 7/1/3000. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Invasive Species.. Description: Appropriates funds to the Department of Transportation for the coordinated removal of albizia and other invasive trees. Requires matching funds from public utilities. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD2)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Taxation.. Description: Amends the definition of Hawaii taxable estate to provide that the marital deduction under section 2056 of the Internal Revenue Code shall apply to the passage of any interest in property to any immediate family member. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Estate Tax.. Description: Conforms Hawaii estate tax laws to the operative provisions of the Internal Revenue Code to decrease the burden on taxpayers and increase efficiencies in the Department of Taxation's monitoring and auditing of estate tax returns. Establishes an estate tax deduction for the value of closely held business interests that will help ensure that locally-owned family businesses can continue to contribute to the Hawaii economy and assist families to retain the ownership interest in their family businesses. Effective 7/1/3000. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Building Codes.. Description: Clarifies that no state or county building code shall prohibit the use of a substitute refrigerant allowed by the Environmental Protection Agency if the applicable equipment is listed and installed in compliance with the latest safety standards. Requires the State Building Code Council, when it adopts, amends, or updates the Hawaii State Building Codes, to establish codes and standards that are consistent with the goal of reducing greenhouse gas emissions associated with hydrofluorocarbons. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Making Appropriations For Public Employment Cost Items.. Description: Makes appropriations for the public employment cost items and cost adjustments for employees of the Senate, House of Representatives, and various legislative agencies who are excluded from collective bargaining. Declares that the general fund expenditure ceiling is exceeded. Takes effect 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Abusive Litigation.. Description: Establishes judicial procedures to prevent and remedy abusive litigation. Takes effect 1/1/2025. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Department Of Human Resources Development.. Description: Repeals the requirement that the Director of Human Resources Development must submit a report to the Legislature before reclassifying and abolishing vacant positions within state departments and agencies that are under the jurisdiction of the Department of Human Resources Development. Takes effect 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Teachers.. Description: Enacts the Interstate Teacher Mobility Compact to reduce barriers to teacher license portability and employment. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Human Services.. Description: Requires, and appropriates moneys for, the Hawaii Public Housing Authority to establish a 2-year Recreation and Education Upward Mobility Pilot Program for youth tenants in public housing. Permits the Hawaii Public Housing Authority to contract with outside parties to implement the program. Appropriates moneys for the repair and maintenance of approximately 150 housing units. Declares that the appropriation exceeds the state general fund expenditure ceiling for 2024-2025. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Sports Facilities.. Description: Lapses appropriations of general obligation bond funds previously authorized for the planning, design, and construction of a stadium in Halawa by the Stadium Authority. Transfers certain special fund moneys earmarked for the development of a new stadium in Halawa to the general fund. Authorizes the issuance of general obligation bonds for a new stadium on the University of Hawaii at Manoa campus. Renames the Stadium Authority as the Halawa Redevelopment Authority and the Stadium Development District as the Halawa Redevelopment District. Amends the powers and duties of the Halawa Redevelopment Authority. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Roads.. Description: Allows counties with a population of less than five hundred thousand to use county surcharge revenues for maintenance of public roadways. Allows the counties to use county surcharge revenues for maintenance of private roadways that are open to the public. Requires counties to use fuel taxes for reconstruction, improvement, repair, and maintenance of private roads that are open to the public. Extends the sunset date of the working group established pursuant to Act 200, SLH 2022, to 6/30/3025. Effective 7/1/3000. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Access To Learning.. Description: Makes permanent the exemption of laboratory school programs of the Hawaiian language college at the University of Hawaii at Hilo from state English-medium standards, assessments, performance ratings, staff qualifications, and staff training requirements. Takes effect 7/1/3000. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The University Of Hawaii At Hilo.. Description: Establishes the Institute of Indigenous Education, Science, and Outreach within the University of Hawaii at Hilo. Provides that the Hawaiian language college revolving fund may include moneys from any revenue source and shall support the Imiloa astronomy center. Provides that the Hawaiian early learning trust fund shall support the Hawaiian language medium education pathway. Establishes a cap on individual deposits into the Hawaiian language college revolving fund and the Hawaiian early learning trust fund. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD2)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Energy.. Description: Establishes the solar hui program to allow multi-family residential property owners to invest in a solar hui investment fund, which will provide repayment of income derived from energy services agreements to low- and moderate-income households to install solar energy systems. Establishes the solar hui program fund manager position. Appropriates funds. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Stabilization Of Property Insurance.. Description: Requires the Insurance Commissioner to conduct a study regarding property insurance stabilization. Appropriates moneys. Declares that the appropriation exceeds the state general fund expenditure ceiling for 2024-2025. Effective 7/1/3000. (SD2)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Water.. Description: Part I: Establishes a WAI Policy Coordinator and other positions within the Commission on Water Resource Management for coordination of Red Hill WAI initiatives. Creates the Red Hill Remediation Special Fund. Declares that the general fund expenditure ceiling is exceeded. Appropriates funds. Part II: Allows the Commission of Water Resource Management to retain independent legal counsel. Repeals the position of deputy to the chairperson of the Commission and establishes the position of Executive Director of the Commission. Amends the composition of the Commission and administratively attaches it to DLNR. Authorizes entities to challenge an emergency order of the Commission under certain conditions. Establishes fines for certain water use offenses. Amends the Commission's authority to declare water emergencies and issue orders to address them and declare water shortages and related notice requirements. Specifying that the nominating committee of the Commission shall include one person appointed by the Chief Executive Officer of the Office of Hawaiian Affairs. Declares that the general fund expenditure ceiling is exceeded. Takes effect 7/1/2050. (SDl)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Mauna Kea Stewardship And Oversight Authority.. Description: Authorizes two or more members of the Mauna Kea Stewardship and Oversight Authority to meet during its transition period regarding any matter relating to the Authority's business; provided that no commitment to vote is made or sought and no decision-making action is taken. Clarifies that the Authority has state sovereign immunity. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Water.. Description: Requires each county board of water supply or water board to prioritize the sustainable recharge of aquifers, ensure the health of watersheds, and, when allocating water for new development, prioritize the development of affordable housing over other types of development. Provides that these requirements shall not be construed to affect allocations of water for agricultural purposes or developments under the Hawaiian Homes Commission Act, 1920, as amended. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Lahaina Wildfire Recovery.. Description: Establishes the Lahaina Recovery Oversight Commission within the Department of Accounting and General Services to oversee and guide the recovery of Lahaina from the 2023 wildfires. Requires the Commission, with the assistance of the Office of Enterprise Technology Services, to establish a website to serve as an information clearing house and public forum. Requires annual reports to the Legislature. Appropriates moneys. Declares that the general fund expenditure ceiling is exceeded. Takes effect 7/1/2112. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Wildfires.. Description: Establishes the Hawaii Wildfire Relief Fund and Corporation to provide compensation for property damage resulting from catastrophic wildfires in the State. Creates a process for electric utilities to develop and submit wildfire protection plans to the Public Utilities Commission for approval and allow the recovery of related costs and expenses through securitization, while avoiding a disproportionate impact on a specific ratepayer or county. Declares that the appropriation exceeds the state general fund expenditure ceiling for 2024-2025. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/3000. (SD2)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Road Improvements.. Description: Appropriates funds for equipment and positions within the Department of Transportation to conduct improvements to Hana Highway. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD2)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Agricultural Leases.. Description: Requires the Department of Agriculture to conduct a study on the requirements and restrictions related to the Department's dispositions of non-agricultural park lands. Requires a report to the legislature. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Telecommunications.. Description: Requires, as a condition for the issuance of a broadband-related permit, a wireless telecommunications carrier to maintain emergency backup power under certain circumstances. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD2)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Autism.. Description: Appropriates funds to increase the funding for applied behavioral analysis services for persons with autism. Requires the Department of Human Services to obtain maximum federal matching funds and pursue all other funding sources. Declares that the appropriation exceeds the state general fund expenditure ceiling for 2024-2025. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Adoption Assistance.. Description: Appropriates funds to provide additional support and resources to families receiving benefits through the State's adoption assistance and permanency assistance programs. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Special Number Plates.. Description: Authorizes the issuance of special number plates to commemorate Malama Puuloa. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Collective Bargaining.. Description: Establishes a collective bargaining unit for graduate assistants employed by the University of Hawaii and community college system. Takes effect 7/1/2055. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Hawaii Tourism Authority.. Description: Repeals the exemption of the Hawaii Tourism Authority from administrative supervision of boards and commissions. Transfers certain functions relating to cultural grants from the Hawaii Tourism Authority to the State Foundation on Culture and the Arts. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Renewable Energy.. Description: Requires state agencies to assess the potential and feasibility of installing distributed energy resource systems at each state facility and submit a report to the Legislature detailing their findings; implement and install the distributed energy resource systems detailed in the reports no later than five years from the issue date of the reports; and assign priority for the authorized cost-effective energy efficiency measures to first responder facilities. Requires applicable state agencies to assess the feasibility of developing resilience hubs that can provide emergency services and be open to the general public during times of emergency. Takes effect 7/1/2112. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The Landlord-tenant Code.. Description: Establishes a pre-litigation mediation procedure for tenancies that are subject to the eviction moratorium issued under the Governor's emergency proclamations relating to wildfires once the eviction moratorium expires. Restricts when landlord remedies are available depending on the amount of rent due. Appropriates funds to the Judiciary for mediation services. Effective 7/1/2024, except the new pre-litigation procedures are effective on the expiration of the final eviction moratorium. Repeals certain provisions on 12/31/2026, or on the one-year anniversary of the expiration of the Governor's final eviction moratorium emergency supplementary proclamation relating to wildfires, whichever occurs sooner. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Wastewater.. Description: Requires the University of Hawaii Water Resources Research Center and the Sea Grant College Program to develop an overlay with the Hawaii Cesspool Prioritization Tool to identify specific priority areas in which the county sewer system or other centralized treatment system may most feasibly be expanded or constructed to reduce or eliminate cesspools before 1/1/2050. Makes an appropriation. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Oral Health.. Description: Establishes an Oral Health Task Force to review the status of oral health in the State and make recommendations to improve the State's oral health infrastructure. Requires reports to the Legislature. Declares that the general fund expenditure ceiling is exceeded. Appropriates funds. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Law Enforcement.. Description: Establishes statewide vehicular law enforcement pursuit policies. Effective 7/1/3000. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Agriculture.. Description: Facilitates the control and eradication of invasive species and pests. Establishes a plant nursery registration program. Requires the Board of Agriculture to designate certain species as pests for control or eradication. Imposes certain limits on imports and transportation. Updates the method by which the Department's noxious weed list is updated. Takes effect 7/1/3000. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To School-based Health Services.. Description: Appropriates funds for health technician positions within the Department of Education for the Hawaii Keiki: Healthy and Ready to Learn Program. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD2)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Renewable Fuel.. Description: Updates the Renewable Fuels Production Tax Credit to incentivize local production of renewable fuel sold in the State. Extends the credit period. Amends the total amount of tax credits allowed in any calendar year. Resets credits claimed for taxable years beginning after 12/31/2023. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD2)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Food Security.. Description: Appropriates funds for the continued administration of the Hawaii Healthy Food Incentive Program and to provide matching funds to beneficiaries who participate in the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program. Declares that the general fund expenditure ceiling is exceeded. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The State Seal.. Description: Requires a translation and explanation of how to pronounce the state motto using modern Hawaiian orthography as displayed on the state seal on the official state website. Effective 7/1/3000. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Local Agricultural Products.. Description: Modifies certain benchmark goals and timeline for the Department of Education to provide locally-sourced agricultural and food products. Takes effect 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Health Care.. Description: Establishes a communication and optimal resolution process through which patients and their families, health care providers, and health care facilities can engage in open communication about how an adverse care health incident occurred, how it will be prevented in the future, and what compensation, if any, will be offered to the patient or their family. Establishes notice and confidentiality requirements for open discussions. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD2)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Taxation.. Description: Incrementally increases the amount of the income tax standard deduction for taxable years beginning after December 31, 2023, through taxable years beginning after December 31, 2033. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Taxation.. Description: Incrementally amends income tax rates for every other taxable year beginning after 12/31/2026. Effective 1/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Individual Housing Account Program.. Description: Increases the maximum amount of deductible contributions for individual housing accounts. Requires the Department of Taxation to create and implement a public awareness campaign about individual housing accounts. Appropriates funds. Applies to taxable years beginning after 12/31/2024. Declares that the general fund expenditure ceiling is exceeded. Takes effect 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Housing.. Description: Requires the Hawaii Housing Finance and Development Corporation to submit a report analyzing the feasibility of continuing to fund the operations of the housing loan and mortgage program. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Commercial Property Assessed Financing.. Description: Repeals the authority of counties to administer commercial property assessed financing programs and delegates all existing administrative responsibilities of the counties under the commercial property assessed financing program to the Hawaii Green Infrastructure Authority. Allows condominium associations to be eligible for commercial property assessed financing. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii enrolled a bill titled: Proposing An Amendment To Article 1, Section 23, Of The Hawaii Constitution Relating To Marriage.. Description: Proposes a constitutional amendment to repeal the Legislature's authority to limit marriage to opposite-sex couples. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Noise.. Description: Increases penalty fines for violations of leaf blower restrictions. Removes the exemption for government entities and their agents from leaf blower restrictions. Beginning July 1, 2027, prohibits the sale of any leaf blower or string trimmer that is rated by its manufacturer at greater than 65 weighted decibels (dBA) when measured at a distance of 50 feet. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Health.. Description: Appropriates funds for the University of Hawaii Economic Research Organization to conduct a multiethnic cohort study and develop and maintain a registry regarding the health effects of the August 2023 Maui wildfires. Declares that the general fund expenditure ceiling is exceeded. Effective 7/1/3000. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Hawaiian As An Official Language Of The State Of Hawaii.. Description: Requires that the Hawaiian version of a law be held binding if the law in question was originally drafted in Hawaiian and then translated into English and if the law has not been subsequently amended, codified, recodified, or reenacted in English. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Corporations.. Description: Requires domestic and foreign corporations to provide their shareholders with reports of independent expenditures and political contributions. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Bed Bugs.. Description: Prohibits landlords, including those operating in public housing and educational dorm settings, from renting a dwelling unit that the landlord knows has a current bed bug infestation. Establishes procedures that landlords shall take upon receiving notice of an actual or suspected bed bug infestation. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Landlord-tenant Code.. Description: Prohibits a landlord from recovering possession of a dwelling unit from a tenant if the habitability of the premises is significantly impaired. Caps a tenant's liability for rent if the habitability of the premises is significantly impaired. Provides remedies for retaliatory evictions. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Civil Legal Services.. Description: Appropriates funds for the Judiciary to purchase civil legal services for low- and moderate-income persons. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Discrimination.. Description: Establishes provisions relating to civil remedies for discriminatory reporting to a law enforcement officer. Provides that a person who contacts a law enforcement officer to come to a location to contact a person on the basis of the person's actual or perceived race, color, ancestry, ethnicity, national origin, place of birth, sex, age, religion, disability, sexual orientation, or gender identity with the specific intent to infringe upon the person's rights under the Hawaii State Constitution or United State Constitution; discriminate against the person; cause the person to feel harassed, humiliated, or embarrassed; cause the person to be expelled from a place that the person is lawfully located; damage the person's reputation or standing within the community; or damage the person's financial, economic, consumer, or business prospects or interest shall be civilly liable. Requires the Department of the Attorney General, in consultation with the Hawaii Civil Rights Commission, to provide guidance to the public on the enactment of this Act. Effective January 1, 2024, requires the Department of Law Enforcement to also provide guidance on this Act. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To State Water Code Penalties.. Description: Creates a minimum penalty and raises the maximum penalty for every violation of the State Water Code. Clarifies that each day a violation exists or continues is a separate offense. Requires the Commission on Water Resource Management to determine the amount of the penalty based on the circumstances of the violation. Appropriates funds for positions in the Commission on Water Resource Management. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD3)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Arrangement Of Candidate Names On Ballots.. Description: Requires that any new contract entered into by the Office of Elections for equipment or services relating to preparing ballots or counting votes include the capability to randomize the names of candidates appearing on the ballot if technologically possible. Requires candidate names to be randomized on ballots, to the greatest extent possible. Requires the Office of Elections to inform voters and candidates, by a method suited for the voting system, that the names of candidates may not be in alphabetical order. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Gasoline-powered Leaf Blowers.. Description: Prohibits the operation of gasoline-powered leaf blowers in any urban land use districts. Increases the amounts of fines for violations of leaf blower restrictions and provides for the forfeiture of gasoline-powered leaf blowers upon a third violation. Removes the exemption on leaf blower restrictions for government agencies and their agents. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Tax Credits.. Description: Increases the income thresholds and credit amounts of the income tax credit for low-income household renters by using tax brackets for individuals and different categories of households. Annually adjusts the income thresholds and credit amounts for inflation, based on the consumer price index. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Audible Vehicle Reverse Warning Systems.. Description: Requires the use of broadband audible reverse warning systems (back-up beepers) on state and county-owned vehicles purchased on or after 1/1/2026. Authorizes the Director of Transportation to provide an exemption in the event broadband sirens are unavailable. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Judiciary's `lelo Hawai`i Initiatives.. Description: Appropriates funds to the judiciary to support the Olelo Hawaii Initiatives. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Medical Education And Training.. Description: Reestablishes the Hawaii medical education special fund. Appropriates funds into and out of the Hawaii medical education special fund to the John A. Burns School of Medicine for graduate medical education and training programs, to create more residencies and training opportunities on the neighbor islands for medical students, and for medical student and residency training opportunities in partnership with the United States Department of Veterans Affairs. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Nurses.. Description: Effective 1/1/2025, allows the Board of Nursing to issue temporary permits to out-of-state licensed registered nurses and practical nurses and nurses who hold a multistate license issued by another state, territory, or country, under certain circumstances. Beginning 7/1/2025, allows an out-of-state licensed practical nurse or registered nurse to apply for a temporary permit simultaneously with an application for a license to practice in the State. Excepts from license requirements nurses who are licensed in another state, territory, or country accompanying a patient from out-of-state for a period of less than two weeks and not employed or affiliated with a health care entity in the State. Takes effect 1/1/2025. (CD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Medicare Supplement Insurance.. Description: Requires the insurance commissioner to establish an annual enrollment period for medigap insurance plans. Requires issuers of Medigap insurance in the State to accept an eligible individual's application for coverage during the open enrollment period. Prohibits issuers from denying the applicant a Medigap policy or certificate or making any premium rate distinctions due to various reasons, including health status. Requires the insurance commissioner to amend or adopt rules accordingly. Effective 12/31/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Conservation And Resources Enforcement Program.. Description: Requires the Department of Land and Natural Resources to pursue and obtain accreditation for the Conservation and Resources Enforcement Program from the Commission on Accreditation for Law Enforcement Agencies, Inc. Appropriates funds. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Renewable Energy.. Description: For applications filed on or after July 1, 2023, requires the Public Utilities Commission to render decisions on certain renewable projects, power purchase agreements, and cost recovery applications within one hundred eighty days of the filing of the application and establishes procedures and requirements for the applications. Exempts certain power purchase agreement amendments from the Public Utilities Commission review and approval process in certain circumstances. Requires a public utility requesting an amendment to a power purchase agreement to submit an informational filing to the Public Utilities Commission. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Agricultural Park Leases.. Description: Allows the Department of Agriculture to extend the agricultural park lease of any lessee who holds a lease with a remaining term of 15 years or less; provided that the land covered by the lease is 25 acres or less and located in a county with a population of less than 500,000. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Special Management Areas.. Description: Establishes additional exclusions from the definition of "development" as it applies to special management areas to reduce the need for special management area permits for certain activities. Repeals the 7,500 square foot threshold for single-family residence and authorizes the counties to further define single-family residence by ordinance for purposes of "development". Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Historic Preservation.. Description: Appropriates funds to the Department of Land and Natural Resources to inventory historic properties and burial sites in the State, collect data on burial site locations, and conduct an archaeological surface survey. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Transfer Of Non-agricultural Park Lands.. Description: Before the transfer of non-agricultural park lands, authorizes the Department of Agriculture to request information from the Department of Land and Natural Resources related to the establishment of necessary and reasonable easements upon the lands. Amends legislative findings regarding non-agricultural park lands. Requires the Department of Agriculture to accept the transfer of and manage certain qualifying non-agricultural park lands. Requires the Department of Agriculture, prior to offering a lease, to inquire with the Department of Land and Natural Resources regarding any easements required for access to landlocked forest reserves or other assets on the lands subject to the lease. Continue to require the lessee to maintain a conservation plan. Requires approval from the Board of Land and Natural Resources and the Board of Agriculture before removing pasture lands for reforestation, or other public purposes. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Natural Resource Management.. Description: Clarifies that the Board of Land and Natural Resources' authority shall supersede the Mauna Kea Stewardship and Oversight Authority for all lands designated under the state conservation district. Specifying that the Chairperson of the University of Hawaii Board of Regents, with approval of the Board of Regents subject to quorum and majority requirements, may designate a member of the Board of Regents or past member of the Board of Regents with experience with Mauna Kea, to serve as the Chairperson of the University of Hawaii Board of Regents' Designee. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Food Sustainability.. Description: Requires the Department of Agriculture, in coordination with the Office of Planning and Sustainable Development, to update the State Agriculture Functional Plan to include other agricultural economic updates that expand the State's priority on food by increasing local food self-sufficiency and exports. Requires the Governor to submit the updated plan to the Legislature prior to the Regular Session of 2025. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Marine Management Areas.. Description: Requires the Department of Land and Natural Resources to comply with Chapter 91, Hawaii Revised Statutes, when designating marine management areas. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Reuse Zones.. Description: Requires county agencies producing recycled water to establish water reuse zones within their service areas by January 1, 2024. Appropriates funds. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Special Activity Permits.. Description: Requires the Department of Land and Natural Resources to approve or deny an application for a special activity permit for aquatic research within ninety days from the date that it was submitted. Appropriates an unspecified amount of funds for the establishment of two full-time equivalent (2.0 FTE) positions within the Division of Aquatic Resources to support the special activity permit review process. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Travel Insurance.. Description: Establishes a new regulatory framework for the sale of travel insurance in the State. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Wildlife Management.. Description: Requires the Department of Land and Natural Resources' Division of Aquatic Resources to submit an annual report to the Legislature, beginning in 2025, summarizing the Division's expenditure of funds received from the federal Wildlife and Sport Fish Restoration program for the preceding year and providing the recipient and purpose of each expenditure. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Meat And Poultry Inspection.. Description: Requires the Department of Agriculture to establish, implement, and administer a meat and poultry inspection program. Appropriates funds for the establishment, implementation, and administration of the program. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Education.. Description: Authorizes the Department of Health to require the Department of Education to report coronavirus disease 2019 potential outbreaks or other public health emergencies and related information in a manner most appropriate to public health and safety, as determined by the Department of Health. Repeals the requirement to publish the report on the Department of Education's website. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Board Of Education.. Description: Authorizes a majority of the members of the Board of Education to elect a chairperson from among the members of the Board. Allows the members to annually elect a chairperson upon the start of the next confirmed term for members. Removes the requirement that the chairperson be an at-large member. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Labeling Of Products.. Description: Clarifies that calculations to determine whether a non-perishable good labeled "Hawaii Made" has met the requirement that at least 51% of the wholesale value of the product is added by production within the State include operating and overhead expenses incurred and spent within the State. Appropriates funds to promote and develop the "Made in Hawaii" brand. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Special Number Plates.. Description: Authorizes the issuance of special number plates to commemorate Duke Kahanamoku. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Minors.. Description: Requires providers of no cost emergency shelter and related services to take steps to ensure pertinent youth obtain and receive services from the juvenile justice or child welfare systems and maintain separation for unrelated adults and minor children. Makes permanent the amendments to the definition of "provider" as it relates to entities eligible to provide no cost emergency shelter and related services to consenting minors. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Uniform Child-custody Jurisdiction And Enforcement Act.. Description: Allows state courts discretion to not enforce a child-custody determination of a foreign country if the child-custody law of the foreign country imposes capital punishment for apostasy, religious or political beliefs, or homosexuality, and a parent or child demonstrates risk of being subject to the law. Defines "apostasy". Takes effect 03/22/2075. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Important Housing Lands.. Description: Requires the Hawaii Public Housing Authority to conduct a study identifying certain state-owned lands located within a one-half mile radius of any rail mass transit station, including lands owned by the Office of Hawaiian Affairs and excluding lands under the jurisdiction of the Department of Hawaiian Home Lands, that are most suitable for constructing at least one hundred thousand housing units. Appropriates funds to the Hawaii Public Housing Authority to conduct the study, or contract services to conduct the study. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Loan Repayment For Health Care Professionals.. Description: Appropriates funds to the Department of Health for the Hawaii State Loan Repayment Program for health care professionals. Requires funds to be expended in coordination with the John A. Burns School of Medicine of the University of Hawaii at Manoa. Requires matching funds. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Education.. Description: Requires the Department of Education to develop and implement a School Meal Subsidy Program to provide school lunch subsidies to children whose families do not otherwise qualify for free lunch under the federal Free and Reduced Price Lunch Program, subject to income eligibility. Appropriates funds. Effective 3/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The University Of Hawaii.. Description: Appropriates funds for the University of Hawaii Maui college's office of international and regional partnerships for students to participate in study abroad programs. Requires reports to the Legislature. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Board Of Education.. Description: Requires the Board of Education to hold no less than six community forums annually, with at least one community forum in each county. Requires the Board to include an open forum for public comments on non-agenda items. Requires a report to the Legislature on implementing open forums. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Deceptive Trade Practices.. Description: Establishes that charging shipping and delivery charges that exceed the actual cost charged to the seller to ship or deliver a consumer commodity or consumer package to a consumer in Hawaii constitutes an unfair and deceptive practice. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Use Of Intoxicants While Operating A Vehicle.. Description: Lowers the threshold blood alcohol concentration for the offense of operating a vehicle while under the influence of an intoxicant.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Health.. Description: Appropriates funds to be expended by the Executive Office on Aging for an Alzheimer's Disease and Related Dementias Public Health Campaign. Effective 12/31/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Violations Of Campaign Finance Law.. Description: Increases the amount of fines for campaign spending law violations that may be assessed against certain noncandidate committees making only independent expenditures. Allows the Campaign Spending Commission to order that the payment of the fine assessed against a noncandidate committee, or any portion thereof, be paid from the personal funds of the officers of the noncandidate committee, if the noncandidate committee does not have the funds to pay the fine. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Contributions By State And County Contractors And Grantees Of The State.. Description: Amends the prohibition against contributions to a candidate committee or noncandidate committee by state and county contractors to include state and county grantees and the owners, officers, and immediate family members of a state or county contractor or state or county grantee. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Making An Appropriation To The Department Of The Prosecuting Attorney Of The City And County Of Honolulu.. Description: Appropriates funds as a grant-in-aid to the Department of the Prosecuting Attorney of the City and County of Honolulu for the Victim Witness Assistance Program. Effective 06/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Making An Appropriation To The Department Of The Prosecuting Attorney Of The City And County Of Honolulu.. Description: Appropriates funds as a grant-in-aid to the department of the prosecuting attorney of the city and county of Honolulu for the career criminal prosecution unit. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Noise Control.. Description: Allows for noise control infractions to be processed under the traffic and emergency period infractions adjudication process. Grants the district court concurrent jurisdiction over noise control infractions committed by minors. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Human Trafficking.. Description: Establishes a statewide human trafficking prevention program overseen by the department of the attorney general to provide services and assistance to commercially sexually exploited children and victims of human trafficking. Requires reports to the legislature. Effective 12/31/2050. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Victim-counselor Privilege.. Description: Expands the victim-counselor privilege under the Hawaii Rules of Evidence to include confidential advocates employed by the University of Hawaii. Increases the minimum number of hours of training a domestic violence victims' counselor must complete to be considered a victim counselor.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Hawaiian Homes Commission Act.. Description: Requires the Department of Hawaiian Home Lands to provide to beneficiaries of the Hawaiian Homes Commission Act, 1920, monthly accountability reports that contain certain information on leases and fiscal matters. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Medical Residency Programs.. Description: Appropriates moneys to support and expand physician residency training programs in state teaching hospitals. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Income.. Description: Requires the Department of Labor and Industrial Relations to submit an annual report on the enforcement of the wage and hour law in the State to the Legislature. Requires the Director of Labor and Industrial Relations to establish: (1) investigation standards that protect the identity of an employee who files a complaint with the Wage Standards Division to report any wage and hour violations by their employer; and (2) an education program for employees and employers on federal and state wage and hour laws, including tip credit and prohibitions against employer retaliation. Effective 1/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Prince Jonah Kuhio Kalanianaole.. Description: Requires certain public buildings near mass transit projects and on Hawaiian home lands to display portraits of Prince Jonah Kuhio Kalanianaole. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Health.. Description: Requires Medicaid and private insurance coverage for ketamine therapy to treat depression. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/2040. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The College Savings Program.. Description: Establishes a state income tax deduction for eligible contributions made to a college savings program established under chapter 256, Hawaii Revised Statutes. Effective 6/30/3000. Applies to taxable years beginning after an unspecified date. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Public Charter School Per-pupil Funding.. Description: Excludes from the charter school per-pupil funding calculation all amounts relating to programs that provide comparable benefits for all public school students regardless of whether the student is a Department of Education school student or a public charter school student.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Information Technology.. Description: Requires the technology services consolidation working group to, by 6/30/2024, decommission the office of enterprise technology services' data center located in the Kalanimoku building; relocate the entire office of enterprise technology services data center to an interim primary, secure, and resilient facility; and, by 6/30/2028, use cloud storage to securely store all state electronic data, with any cloud storage servers or other systems or hardware having their primary production system located within the State; provided that software-as-a-service solutions provided only outside the State are not subject to this restriction. Requires a report by the technology services consolidation working group. Extends to 6/30/2028 the dissolution date of the technology services consolidation working group. Establishes requirements for procurement contracts for information technology-related projects. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Wastewater Systems.. Description: Creates within the Department of Health's wastewater branch a cesspool conversion section, which will be responsible for facilitating the conversion of cesspools within the State. Establishes and appropriates funds for three full-time equivalent positions within the cesspool conversion section in fiscal years 2023-2024 and 2024-2025 and three additional full-time equivalent positions within the section in fiscal year 2024-2025. Establishes a three-year New Wastewater System Demonstration Pilot Program within the University of Hawaii Water Resources Research Center to examine and demonstrate new wastewater technology systems; implement those technologies in demonstration projects in areas across the State that are identified as Priority Level 1; and establish a similar ranking system for prioritization levels for the islands of Molokai, Lanai, and Niihau. Requires the University of Hawaii Water Resources Research Center to submit reports to the Legislature. Appropriates funds for the pilot program. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Agricultural Districts.. Description: Authorizes counties to require their approval for condominium projects located in agricultural districts that are greater than ten acres prior to the creation of the condominium property regime. Requires a condominium map to be accompanied by a letter certifying that the condominium property regime will conform to the applicable County's zoning laws. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Funding Of Grants Pursuant To Chapter 42f, Hawaii Revised Statutes.. Description: Appropriates operating and capital improvement grants for fiscal year 2023-2024. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Direct Instructional Services To Students.. Description: Requires that appropriations allocated to Department of Education programs that provide instructional services directly to students shall remain within the budget of the program to which the funds were originally allocated and that the retention of an appropriation shall not be used by the Department as a basis for reducing a program's future budget requirements. Requires the Department of Education to report the creation of temporary positions to the Legislature. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Budget-related Reports.. Description: Requires the Governor to ensure that the Governor's program memoranda and variance reports accurately reflect the current responsibilities of certain state programs, address the current and future needs of the State, and align with budget-related submittals. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Budget-related Reports.. Description: Requires the Governor to ensure that the Governor's variance reports accurately reflect the current responsibilities of certain state programs, address the current and future needs of the State, and align with budget-related submittals. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Budget-related Reports.. Description: Requires the Governor to ensure that the Governor's program memoranda accurately reflect the current responsibilities of certain state programs, address the current and future needs of the State, and align with budget-related submittals. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Submission Deadlines.. Description: Requires the Governor and state agencies to recommend a date by which statutorily required reports must be submitted to the Legislature, and to identify any reports that should not be subject to that uniform date and the reasons therefor. Requires the Governor to propose legislation to implement the proposed deadline and streamline existing reporting requirements by repealing or consolidating any duplicative, obsolete, or extraneous reports. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Grants-in-aid.. Description: Requires organizations to obtain legislative approval prior to the disposition of land that was acquired using state grants, but only if the land was acquired after the enactment of this Act. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Hawaii Emergency Management Agency.. Description: Authorizes the Hawaii Emergency Management Agency to acquire any real, personal, or mixed property for immediate or future use; own, hold, improve, rehabilitate, sell, assign, exchange, transfer, convey, lease, or dispose of any real, personal, or mixed property acquired; and acquire by condemnation real property for immediate or future use. Amends the definition of "public lands" to exclude non-ceded lands to which the Hawaii Emergency Management Agency holds title. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Budget-related Submissions To The Legislature.. Description: Authorizes the legislature, upon the agreement of form by the speaker of the house of representatives and the president of the senate, to specify the form in which the proposed budgets of the executive branch, judicial branch, and office of Hawaiian affairs are submitted to the legislature. Requires the executive branch, judicial branch, and office of Hawaiian affairs to conform no later than 12/1/2023. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Expenditure Of Public Funds For Land Improvements.. Description: Requires generally that the expenditure of public moneys for any improvement to land not owned or leased by the State must be appropriated by the legislature for that specific purpose and include a declaration in the same act of the public purpose regarding the appropriation of the public moneys. Provides that any expenditure of public moneys for the improvement to land not owned or leased by the State and involving natural or cultural resource management or a state grant is unauthorized unless the expending agency approves a restrictive covenant that acknowledges the State's right to receive compensation for its expenditure if the improvement to the land is abandoned or not completed. Requires the recipient of the appropriation or grant to file and execute the restrictive covenant. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Taxation.. Description: Temporarily reinstates the technology infrastructure renovation tax credit. Expands the definition of "technology-enabled infrastructure" to include data servers. Requires a report from the department of taxation analyzing the tax implications for specified exemptions and exclusions from chapters 237 and 238, HRS. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Visitor Impact Fees.. Description: Effective 7/1/2025, establishes the visitor impact fee program within the department of land and natural resources, through which the department will collect a fee from visitors for a license to visit a state park, forest, hiking trail, or other state natural area. Establishes the visitor impact fee special fund effective 7/1/2023. Requires report to the legislature on strategic plan and timetable for objectives and implementation of the visitor impact fee program. Appropriates funds for the visitor impact fee strategic plan and positions for the visitor impact fee program. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD3)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Public Information.. Description: Requires that prior to the adoption, amendment, or repeal of an administrative rule, electronic notice of the proposed rulemaking be provided to all persons who have made a timely written request to, and provided a valid working email address to, the adopting agency for advance notice of its rulemaking proceedings. Requires that alterations to administrative rules be displayed in Ramseyer format and the full text of rules be made available in a digitally accessible and searchable format. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Nursing Facilities.. Description: Makes permanent and amends the Nursing Facility Sustainability Program. Makes certain assessment exemptions permanent as to the Nursing Facility Sustainability Program Special Fund. Repeals chapter 346E, HRS, relating to the Nursing Facility Tax. Appropriates funds from the Nursing Facility Sustainability Program Special Fund. Effective 12/31/2050. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Dogs.. Description: Establishes additional penalties for dog owners whose dog injures or destroys property of another while on private property zoned for agricultural use without consent of the owner of the property. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Recognition Of Emergency Medical Services Personnel Licensure Interstate Compact.. Description: Establishes a working group to study the feasibility and effects of the State adopting the Recognition of Emergency Medical Services Personnel Licensure Interstate Compact. Requires a report to the Legislature. Effective 12/31/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Psychology Interjurisdictional Compact.. Description: Establishes a working group to study the feasibility and effects of the State adopting the Psychology Interjurisdictional Compact. Requires a report to the Legislature. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Advanced Practice Registered Nurse Compact.. Description: Establishes a working group to study the feasibility and effects of the State adopting the Advanced Practice Registered Nurse Compact. Requires a report to the Legislature. Effective 12/31/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Housing Discrimination.. Description: Allows counties to prohibit discrimination against renters based on their source of income. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Hawaii Housing Finance And Development Corporation.. Description: Authorizes the Hawaii Housing Finance and Development Corporation the right of first refusal for the development of property for all development on state lands, excluding the Stadium Development District and lands under Hawaii Public Housing Authority and Department of Hawaiian Home Land lands, that are within county-designated transit-oriented development zones, or within a one-half mile radius of a proposed or existing transit station if the county has not designated transit-oriented development zones, which shall be triggered by a proposed development or proposed transfer of fee simple or leasehold property interest. Requires state departments or agencies to provide sixty days advance written notice of any approval of a proposed development or proposed transfer of such lands. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Housing.. Description: Appropriates funds to the Hawaii Public Housing Authority for the rehabilitation, remodeling, renovation, and repair of housing units without regard to civil service law. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Uniform Commercial Code.. Description: Implements amendments to the Uniform Commercial Code set forth by the Uniform Law Commission. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Trespass.. Description: Clarifies that when trespass involves public land, all state and county law enforcement officers are authorized to and shall enforce trespass laws, without regard to whether the land is owned by the State or by a county. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Family Leave.. Description: Requires the Department of Labor and Industrial Relations, in consultation with the Insurance Commissioner, to develop a procedural manual to implement a family leave insurance program that pays family leave insurance benefits. Appropriates funds. Effective 1/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Conveyance Tax.. Description: Increases the conveyance tax rate for certain properties. Exempts conveyances of certain real property from the conveyance tax. Establishes the homeless services fund. Eliminates the cap on the amount of conveyance tax collections allocated to the land conservation fund and rental housing revolving fund. Allocates ten percent of conveyance tax collections to the homeless services fund. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Number Plates.. Description: Establishes penalties for the failure to comply with a County Director of Finance's request that a vehicle number plate or special number plate be returned. Effective 3/22/2075. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Electric Vehicle Charging Systems.. Description: Removes the exemption that allowed owners of multiple parking facilities within the State to designate and electrify fewer parking spaces than required in one or more of the properties if the requirement for the total number of aggregate spaces on all of their owned properties was met. Authorizes the counties to adopt ordinances to regulate electric vehicle charging systems for places of public accommodation with fewer than one hundred parking spaces. Requires the Clean Ground Transportation Working Group to develop plans for public electric vehicle charging stations on each neighbor island and develop an expedited permitting process for electric vehicle charges and related supporting infrastructure. Requires a report to the Legislature and counties. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Waste Disposal Facilities.. Description: Prohibits the construction, modification, or expansion of any waste or disposal facility for hazardous waste or solid waste on land that is near or above a significant aquifer as determined by the Department of Health in consultation with the Commission on Water Resource Management. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Environment.. Description: Prohibits the mining, extraction, and removal of minerals from the seabed in all state marine waters. Prohibits the issuance of any permit for or in connection with the development or operation of any facility or infrastructure associated with the mining, extraction, or removal of minerals from the seabed within state marine waters. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Motor Vehicles.. Description: Prohibits motor vehicle manufacturers from charging subscription fees for certain services that employ equipment already installed in the motor vehicle at the time of sale as a new motor vehicle. Provides that the prohibition shall not apply to entertainment streaming subscription services, vehicle navigation, traffic information, and safety-related services. Takes effect 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Voter Registration.. Description: Requires that any person who applies for an identification card or driver's license be automatically registered to vote. Requires that the applicant be provided the opportunity to opt-out of voter registration.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Access For Disabled Persons.. Description: Authorizes each county to adopt ordinances to enforce the design and construction requirements for the provision of accessible parking spaces, including the establishment of penalties for failure to comply with the ordinance. Authorizes officials appointed by a county to enter the property of places of public accommodation to enforce violations of the county ordinances. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Transportation.. Description: Establishes registration and driver's licensing requirements for operation of electric rickshaws. Defines electric rickshaw. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Carbon Sequestration.. Description: Appropriates funds for the Hawaii carbon smart land management assistance pilot program. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Equity.. Description: Requires all places of public accommodation constructed after 12/31/23, and state building construction projects bid after 6/30/24, to provide one or more universal changing accommodations at each family restroom; provided that state building construction projects shall only be required to provide universal changing accommodations where feasible and cost effective. Provides exemptions for hardship. Makes a violation of the universal changing accommodations requirement an unlawful discriminatory practice. Creates a private cause of action for a violation, with defined remedies. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The University Of Hawaii Community College Workforce Training.. Description: Appropriates funds for the University of Hawaii community colleges' workforce development programs. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Landlord-tenant Code.. Description: Establishes and appropriates funds for a pre-litigation mediation pilot program. Requires landlords to participate in mediation before filing an action for summary possession. Creates and appropriates funds for an emergency rent relief program to be made available to participants in the pre-litigation mediation pilot program. Sunsets 6/30/2025. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD3)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Real Property Transactions.. Description: Requires a seller or its agent in a residential real property transaction to disclose to prospective buyers that the United States Postal Service is unable to deliver mail or packages to the location of the residential real property being offered for sale. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Professional Medicaid Services.. Description: Appropriates funds to increase medicaid payments to eligible health care providers in the State up to one hundred per cent of the current medicare fee schedule rates. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Child Welfare.. Description: Requires the Department of Human Services to collect and analyze data to determine the impact of expanding post-permanency services to families receiving benefits from the adoption assistance program and report to the Legislature. Appropriates funds. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Coral.. Description: Repeals the designation of black coral as the official gem of the State. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Fire Prevention.. Description: Appropriates funds to the Department of Land and Natural Resources for the Community Fuels Reduction Project. Beginning with fiscal year 2025-2026 and each fiscal year thereafter, requires the Department of Land and Natural Resources to establish the Community Fuels Reduction Project as a separate line item within the Department's budget. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Sustainable Food Systems.. Description: Establishes the sustainable food systems working group within the department of agriculture. Requires the working group to submit a plan, any recommendations for implementing the plan, and any proposed legislation to the legislature. Appropriates funds to establish the working group and develop the plan and for an unspecified number of sustainability specialist positions to be employed by the department of agriculture. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Cesspools.. Description: Requires priority level 1 cesspools to be upgraded, converted, or connected before 1/1/2035, with certain exceptions, and priority level 2 cesspools to be upgraded, converted, or connected before 1/1/2040, rather than before 1/1/2050. Specifies that no penalty or other assessment for any violation shall constitute a lien on the real property and no seizure of property shall be authorized for any violation. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Cesspools.. Description: Requires each county to develop a comprehensive integrated wastewater management plan and financial strategy. Requires each county to submit its respective plan and financial strategy to the Legislature. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Hawaii Farm To Food Bank Program.. Description: Establishes the Hawaii Farm to Food Bank Program and Hawaii food assistance program special fund to alleviate food shortages in the State. Appropriates funds. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Designation Of Hawaii Coral Reefs As Critical Natural Infrastructure.. Description: Designates Hawaii coral reefs as critical natural infrastructure.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Insurance.. Description: Requires sponsored captive insurance companies to maintain separate protected cells for separate participant contracts. Authorizes captive insurance companies to apply for an exemption from examination from the insurance commissioner; provided that certain conditions are met. Requires protected cells established by sponsored captive insurance companies to be approved by the insurance commissioner. Authorizes sponsored captive insurance companies to establish and maintain protected cells to insure risks of parties unaffiliated with a participant under certain circumstances. Requires a participant, through a sponsored captive insurance company, to insure only risks approved by the insurance commissioner. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Health.. Description: Authorizes advanced practice registered nurses, in addition to physicians, to practice medical aid in dying in accordance with their scope of practice and prescribing authority. Authorizes psychiatric mental health nurse practitioners, in addition to psychiatrists, psychologists, and clinical social workers, to provide counseling to a qualified patient. Reduces the mandatory waiting period between oral requests from twenty days to five days. Waives the mandatory waiting period for those terminally ill individuals not expected to survive the mandatory waiting period, under certain conditions. Effective 12/31/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Pollution Abatement.. Description: Increases civil penalties for the violation of various pollution provisions. Establishes and appropriates funds for an environmental health specialist position within the clean water branch of the department of health. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Festival Of Pacific Arts.. Description: Appropriates funds to the department of business, economic development, and tourism for the governor to plan and coordinate the festival of pacific arts and culture to be held in Honolulu from 6/6/2024 to 6/16/2024. Requires the department of business, economic development, and tourism to submit, prior to the release of the funds appropriated by this Act, a report detailing how previous state funds that were appropriated for the festival were expended and, no later than twenty days prior to each regular session until the funds appropriated by this Act are fully expended or lapse, a report on the governor's festival expenses for the preceding year. Dissolves the commission on the 13th festival of pacific arts. Assigns to the governor the duties for planning and coordinating all state-sponsored and other celebration events staged for the festival of pacific arts and culture. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Hawaii Correctional System Oversight Commission.. Description: Extends the term of the Oversight Coordinator for the Hawaii Correctional System Oversight Commission and requires the Oversight Coordinator be subject to the advice and consent of the Senate. Specifies that the Commission shall take measures as necessary to maintain confidentiality in investigations. Broadens the Oversight Coordinator's power to make inquiries, obtain information, and inspect the premises of agencies and correctional facilities. Takes effect 1/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Geothermal Royalties.. Description: Establishes the geothermal energy resources development special fund. Requires annual reports to the Legislature. Redistributes geothermal royalties to the counties for specific purposes, geothermal energy resources development special fund, department of land and natural resources, and office of Hawaiian affairs. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD3)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Hydrogen Fueling System Subaccount.. Description: Appropriates funds from the Hydrogen Fueling System Subaccount within the Public Utilities Commission Special Fund for the Zero-Emission Vehicle Fueling System Rebate Program. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Food Banks.. Description: Appropriates funds to the Office of Community Services of the Department of Labor and Industrial Relations to fund the purchase, storage, and transportation costs of food for distribution to food banks in the State. Effective 1/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Property Development.. Description: Requires each county to adopt, no later than 6/30/2024, ordinances applicable to subdivisions not approved by 7/1/2024, requiring as a condition of approval, the subdivider or developer to obtain a street address and install a mailbox for lots, parcels, structures, or units of a structure within certain subdivisions before the sale or lease thereof. Requires condominium maps recorded in the Bureau of Conveyances or registered in the Land Court after 6/30/2024, to include a mailbox plan for the condominium property regime, showing the location of all mailboxes for all units in the regime. Requires, prior to the sale of residential real property, the disclosure as to the existence of a United States Postal Service deliverable mailbox for the property. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Medical Cannabis.. Description: Authorizes qualifying patients and qualifying out-of-state patients to transport cannabis between islands of the State for personal medical use; provided that no individual or entity shall be required to violate federal law. Requires the Department of Transportation to adopt rules for the interisland transport of controlled substances within the State. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Campaign Finance.. Description: Prohibits noncandidate committees from making expenditures or contributions or disseminating any advertisements on the day of any election and the two-week period preceding any election. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii enrolled a bill titled: Proposing An Amendment To Article Ii Of The Constitution Of The State Of Hawaii.. Description: Proposes an amendment to the Hawaii State Constitution to allow the Legislature to enact laws establishing limitations on moneys expended by any noncandidate committee making only independent expenditures to influence the outcome of a state election. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Public Utilities Commission.. Description: Exempts a public utility from the required public utilities commission authorization when disposing at a loss or donating a fully depreciated asset or property with a zero net book value that is no longer used or useful. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Public Utilities Commission.. Description: Requires the public utilities commission to make every effort to complete its review for a merger, consolidation, acquisition, or other change of control and issue a decision within nine months or twelve months from the date of a completed application. Requires the public utilities commission to establish standards for deeming an application complete. Specifies the process for objections and amendments to submitted applications. Allows for waiver or extension of the applicable time period. Requires the public utilities commission to submit a report to the legislature if those timelines are not met. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Public Utilities Commission.. Description: Exempts from the requirement that a water common carrier secure the prior approval of the Public Utilities Commission to issue stocks and stock certificates and enter long-term leases of more than three years and leverage leases: (1) land leases from a governmental entity; provided that either the water common carrier or governmental entity provides a letter to the commission outlining terms of the lease agreement in a reasonable timeframe after the agreement is executed; and (2) leases of any equipment of which the annual cost of the lease is below a threshold as determined by the commission in the most recently approved rate case or other ratemaking proceeding. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Education.. Description: Requires the Department of Education to submit annual reports. Repeals standardized assessment requirements for students entering kindergarten. Effective 7/1/3000. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Judges For The District Court Of The First Circuit.. Description: Establishes 1 additional district court judgeship in the First Circuit. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Compliance On Hawaiian Home Lands.. Description: Appropriates funds to the Department of Law Enforcement to hire law enforcement officers dedicated to investigating complaints, conducting investigations, and cooperating with enforcement authorities to ensure compliance with state laws and rules, county ordinances, including the Hawaiian Homes Commission Act, 1920, as amended, and the rules adopted thereunder, on Hawaiian home lands; provided that the law enforcement officers hired for this purpose shall not be prohibited from exercising their law enforcement authority outside of the Hawaiian home lands. Takes effect 03/22/2075. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Motor Vehicle Inspections.. Description: For a period of 3 years, provides that no new vehicle needs a safety inspection until 3 years after the date the vehicle was first sold; provides that electric vehicles shall require a safety inspection every 24 months; and provides that electric vehicles participating in a road usage charge fee program shall pay a road usage charge fee based on a self-reported photo odometer reading. Effective 7/1/2050. Repeals 6/30/2026. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Vacant And Abandoned Residential Property.. Description: Requires the counties to establish expedited procedures to approve demolition permits for vacant residential properties. Allows the Department of Taxation to satisfy certain tax liens through the nonjudicial foreclosure of vacant and abandoned residential properties at any time after establishing vacancy and abandonment. Appropriates moneys. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Fireworks.. Description: Establishes the Shipping Container Inspection Program and shipping container inspection program special fund. Amends the definitions of "aerial devices" and "fireworks" within state fireworks law. Requires reports to the Legislature on implementation of the Shipping Container Inspection Program. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Mental Health At The University Of Hawaii.. Description: Appropriates funds to the University of Hawaii at Manoa to establish additional permanent mental health practitioner positions within the Division of Student Success' Counseling and Student Development Center. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Environmental Protection.. Description: Prohibits the manufacture, sale, offer for sale, distribution for sale, and distribution for use of any food packaging, food service ware, cosmetic, or personal care product that contains intentionally added perfluoroalkyl and polyfluoroalkyl substances, with certain exceptions. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD3)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Consumer Protection.. Description: Requires self-service stations to put labels on gas dispensing equipment that advise consumers on the effects of fossil fuel consumption to human health and the environment. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Wetland Preservation.. Description: Adds definitions for "floodway", "natural stormwater infrastructure", and "wetlands" to section 343-2, Hawaii Revised Statutes. Requires a proposed housing project of the Hawaii Housing Finance and Development Corporation that is exempt from all statutes, ordinances, charter provisions, and rules of any government agency relating to planning, zoning, and construction standards to ensure that the proposed housing project does not have a significant adverse impact on wetlands or natural stormwater infrastructure. Requires an environmental assessment for actions under the environmental impact statements law that propose any development that would impact wetlands or natural stormwater infrastructure. Takes effect 3/22/2075. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Agriculture.. Description: Appropriates funds to the University of Hawaii to establish a foreign agriculture small equipment pilot program. Requires a report to the legislature. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii enrolled a bill titled: Relating To Hemp.. Description: Requires that the identity statement used for labeling or advertising hemp products identify the percentage of Hawaii-grown and Hawaii-processed hemp and hemp of other origins contained in hemp products. Allows the use of the term "All Hawaiian" for hemp products in which one hundred per cent of the hemp is grown and processed in the State. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Agriculture.. Description: Establishes the Farm Succession Pilot Program under Leeward Community College in collaboration with the University of Hawaii College of Tropical Agriculture and Human Resources. Requires a report to the Legislature. Appropriates funds for the pilot program and for the Department of Agriculture's Farmer Apprentice Mentoring Program. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Military Land Use.. Description: Establishes a Surplus Military Land Task Force within the Office of Planning and Sustainable Development to plan for the remediation and restoration of lands currently under federal control that are anticipated to be returned to the State, consider potential alternative uses, and identify any lands that should continue under federal control for the next ten years. Effective 3/22/2075. (SD2)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Business Regulation.. Description: Authorizes the Insurance Commissioner to require the Commissioner's pre-approval for certain salary increases granted to any person receiving a salary over a certain amount from an insurer. Takes effect 7/1/2040. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Board Of Regents.. Description: Requires the University of Hawaii's Board of Regents to approve by majority vote any designee selected to serve or participate for the chairperson as a voting or nonvoting member of any legislatively established board, commission, working group, or task force. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Housing.. Description: Clarifies that certain housing projects developed by the Hawaii Housing Finance and Development Corporation on lands that are not within a Special Flood Hazard Area as identified on the current Federal Emergency Management Agency's Flood Insurance Rate Maps shall be exempt from all statutes, ordinances, charter provisions, and rules relating to planning, zoning, and other certain standards, provided that certain conditions are met. Effective 03/22/2075. (SD3)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Government.. Description: Requires reports of official out-of-state and intrastate travel by state employees, officers, or other representatives of state departments or agencies, including the judiciary and University of Hawaii, to be made available for public review on the Comptroller's website. Creates an exception for sensitive personal information. Appropriates moneys. Effective 7/1/2112. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Government.. Description: Allows a retirant to be employed without reenrollment in the Employees' Retirement System and without loss or interruption of retirement benefits if the retirant is employed as an investigator in a position identified by the Department of the Attorney General as a labor shortage or difficulttofill position, subject to certain conditions. Requires the Director of Human Resources of the appropriate state jurisdiction or the human resources management chief executive of each county to include in their annual reports to the Legislature, details on the employment of retirants as investigators. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To State Budget.. Description: Appropriates funds to support the State's response to the August 2023 wildfires that affected the County of Maui. Makes an appropriation to the One Ohana Bank Trust Account to compensate victims of the 2023 Maui wildfires. Temporarily lifts various restrictions on the use of funds for Maui wildfire response. Appropriates moneys. Declares that the appropriations exceed the state general fund expenditure ceiling for 2023-2024. Requires reports to the Legislature. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Transportation.. Description: Conditions the issuance of a certificate of inspection upon a vehicle not being equipped with a noisy muffler or exhaust system. Requires rules regarding safety check inspections to ensure that a motorcycle, moped, or motor vehicle is not equipped with a noisy muffler or exhaust system. Suspends, revokes, or refuses renewal of a permit for an official inspection station upon a third or subsequent wilful violation of any rule regarding inspecting a noisy muffler or exhaust system. Increases the maximum fine for violating noisy muffler and exhaust system laws. Includes repairing or installing a noisy muffler or exhaust system as a prohibited practice for motor vehicle repair laws. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Transportation.. Description: Increases the fines for violating provisions relating to the installation of noisy exhaust pipes and mufflers. Authorizes police officers to conduct examinations and inspections if the officer has probable cause to believe that a vehicle's excessively noisy muffler is evidence of a violation. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Gambling.. Description: Establishes the operation of an illegal gambling business as a class C felony. Takes effect 03/22/2075. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Taxation.. Description: Excludes income received from deferred compensation retirement plans from the state income tax for taxpayers who meet certain income requirements. Effective 1/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Hearing Aids.. Description: Exempts from the general excise tax, gross receipts received by a hospital, infirmary, medical clinic, health care facility, pharmacy, or a practitioner licensed to administer drugs to an individual, from the sale of hearing aids. Effective 12/31/2050. Sunsets 1/1/2026. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Prescription Drugs.. Description: Requires pharmacies to provide accessible prescription drug label information to individuals who have difficulty seeing or reading standard printed prescription drug container labels and inform the public that prescription drug label information is available in alternate accessible formats for individuals who have difficulty seeing or reading prescription drug container labels. Requires the Board of Pharmacy to adopt certain rules by December 31, 2023. Effective 12/31/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Hearing Aids.. Description: Requires health insurance policies and contracts issued on or after 01/01/2024 to provide coverage for the cost of hearing aids at a minimum of an unspecified amount per hearing aid for each hearing-impaired ear every thirty-six months. Effective 12/31/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To American Sign Language.. Description: Recognizes American Sign Language as a fully developed, autonomous, natural language with its own grammar, syntax, vocabulary, and cultural heritage.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Service Animals.. Description: Requires that a written disclaimer be provided by sellers or providers of emotional support animals or certificates or identification tags for emotional support animals that the animal is not a service animal or the item does not qualify as an item for a service animal and that knowingly misrepresenting an emotional support animal may be a violation. Establishes penalties. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Campaign Finance.. Description: Allows an election candidate, treasurer, or candidate committee to use campaign funds for the candidate's child care and vital household dependent care costs under certain conditions. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Hawaii Tourism Authority.. Description: Requires contracts entered into by the Hawaii Tourism Authority for management of the Hawaii Convention Center facility to include marketing for all uses of the facility. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii enrolled a bill titled: Relating To Hemp.. Description: Requires persons applying to register as hemp processors to include with their application form documentation that the processing does not include heat or volatile compounds or gases under pressure, such as cold-water extraction and is exempt from certain building permit and building code requirements, or documentation that the planned hemp processing operation is in a food hub or agricultural park. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Ornamental Ginger.. Description: Appropriates funds to the University of Hawaii for statewide research into ornamental ginger pathogens, prevention of the spread of ornamental ginger pathogens, production and distribution of pathogen-free ornamental ginger plants, and outreach to ornamental ginger producers. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Agriculture.. Description: Appropriates funds to the department of agriculture to mitigate and control infestations of the two-lined spittlebug, undertake recovery efforts for lands damaged by the two-lined spittlebug, and establish a five-year pilot program to mitigate and control the significant increase in the population of feral chickens and pigs throughout the State. Requires reports to the Legislature. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii enrolled a bill titled: Relating To Hemp.. Description: Authorizes the Department of Agriculture to align state hemp production administrative rules with federal exemptions for fiber, fuel, and seed grain hemp crops. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Agriculture.. Description: Establishes the Healthy Soils Program within the Department of Agriculture. Appropriates funds. Requires an annual report to the Legislature. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Nonprofit Organizations.. Description: Clarifies the application of the general excise tax law with regard to gross income derived from unrelated trade or business activities of nonprofit organizations. Effective 6/30/3000. Sunsets 12/31/2028. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Physical Therapy Compact.. Description: Adopts the physical therapy compact effective 7/1/3025. Requires the department of commerce and consumer affairs to adopt rules to implement and administer the compact. Requires applicants for physical therapist or physical therapist assistant licensure to submit a full set of electronic fingerprints for criminal history record checks and authorizes the department of commerce and consumer affairs to conduct these criminal history record checks. Appropriates funds. Effective 12/31/2050. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Cannabis.. Description: Establishes regulations for the cultivation, manufacture, sale, and personal use of small amounts of cannabis. Decriminalizes and regulates small amounts of cannabis for personal use. Establishes taxes for cannabis sales. Takes effect 03/22/2075. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Medical Cannabis.. Description: Establishes a terminally ill qualifying patient medical cannabis use working group to study the feasibility of the medical use of cannabis by terminally ill qualifying patients in health care facilities. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Animal Fur Products.. Description: Prohibits the sale, offer for sale, display for sale, trade, or distribution of certain animal fur products in the State. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Intoxicating Liquor.. Description: Increases the amount of malt beverages, wine, and alcohol that a small craft producer pub licensee may produce during the license year. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Energy Efficiency.. Description: Prohibits the sale of certain fluorescent lamps as a new manufactured product, with certain exemptions. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Pharmacists.. Description: Requires the auditor to conduct an assessment on the social and financial impacts of mandating health insurance coverage for care provided by a participating registered pharmacist practicing within the scope of the pharmacist's license. Requires a report to the legislature before the 2024 regular session. Appropriates funds. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To State Capitol Tours.. Description: Establishes a state capitol tours program within the office of the governor. Establishes two full-time equivalent positions. Appropriates funds. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Incarcerated Women.. Description: Appropriates moneys for an education and reentry program for incarcerated women. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Gender Parity In Programs For Incarcerated Women.. Description: Appropriates funds to the Hawaii Friends of Restorative Justice as a grant to conduct a study of all programming offered to persons incarcerated at correctional facilities and convene a group of incarcerated women for the purpose of identifying gaps in programming offered to female inmates. Requires that the study be submitted to the Legislature by 6/30/2024. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Health.. Description: Designates the month of September as Fetal Alcohol Spectrum Disorder Awareness Month to promote public awareness of the risks of alcohol consumption during pregnancy.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Alcohol.. Description: Expands the definition of "beer" under the liquor tax laws and liquor laws to mean any alcoholic beverage containing no less than 0.5 per cent alcohol by volume obtained by fermentation of any infusion or decoction of malt or any substitute, including alcohol seltzer beverages and excluding sake, cooler beverages, and other distilled products. Authorizes brewpubs to sell beer they manufacture, or beer manufactured on their premises, subject to certain conditions. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Occupational Safety And Health.. Description: Establishes the workforce safety and health special fund. Directs certain fees and penalties to be deposited into the special fund. Effective 1/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Department Of Human Resources Development.. Description: Appropriates funds for the enhancement of technology resources for the Department of Human Resources Development and for positions in the Department. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Teleworking.. Description: Requires and appropriates moneys for the department of human resources development to submit an annual report to the legislature on the telework policies of the executive branch. Establishes requirements for a pilot telework monitoring system to assess the productivity of telework employees. Appropriates funds for the annual report, pilot telework monitoring system, positions to manage the pilot telework monitoring system, and manager training. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Fishponds.. Description: Appropriates funds to the Department of Land and Natural Resources to restore and restock fishponds by providing fingerlings and limu and establishing one full-time equivalent (1.0 FTE) aquaculture coordinator biologist VI position. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Hawaiian Culture.. Description: Requires the office of Hawaiian affairs to conduct a feasibility study on establishing Native Hawaiian cultural centers within the State. Requires the Office to submit a report of its study findings and recommendations to the legislature. Appropriates funds for the study. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Burial Sites.. Description: Establishes an inter-division program between the State Historic Preservation Division, Land Division, Office of Conservation and Coastal Lands, Island Burial Councils, and the Office of Hawaiian Affairs that addresses the location, movement, and restoration of Hawaiian burial sites or iwi, exposed or likely to be exposed to coastal erosion. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Disposition Of Water Rights.. Description: Exempts the instream use of water for commercial kalo cultivation conducted in a manner consistent with traditional and customary Native Hawaiian practices and on traditional kalo lands from the existing process for the disposition of water rights. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Department Of Hawaiian Home Lands.. Description: Authorizes the Department of Hawaiian Home Lands to administer a lease award program for beneficiaries on the homestead lease waiting list who are at least sixty years old or terminally ill, under certain conditions. Authorizes qualified successors of certain beneficiaries on the waiting list who died before receiving a lease to file a claim for a lease award within a certain time. Requires the Department of Hawaiian Home Lands to adopt rules by a certain date. Effective 3/22/2075. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Hawaiian Homes Commission Act.. Description: Excludes from any waiting list maintained by the Department of Hawaiian Home Lands any lessee or successor who sells or transfers their lease on a tract of Hawaiian home lands for personal gain. Establishes that the Hawaiian Homes Commission shall have a right of first refusal for the sale or transfer of a lessee's interest in the lease when the sale or transfer is for personal gain. Takes effect 3/22/2075. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Invasive Species.. Description: Requires the Hawaii Invasive Species Council to classify the fungal pathogen that causes coffee leaf rust as an invasive species in its administrative rules and to direct available funding for mitigation efforts, research, and prevention or control actions for coffee leaf rust. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Agriculture.. Description: Extends the offense of false labeling of Hawaii-grown coffee to include roasted coffee. Imposes a mandatory $10,000 fine for each separate offense of false labeling of Hawaii-grown coffee. Appropriates funds for one full-time equivalent (1.0 FTE) enforcement position. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Telecommunication.. Description: Requires the comptroller to identify state office buildings that can provide equitable telecommunication access to allow certain residents, including residents with disabilities, to participate remotely in legislative hearings. Requires a report to the legislature. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Accessibility.. Description: Requires retail establishments with an employee toilet facility to allow a customer suffering from an eligible medical condition to use that restroom during normal business hours under certain conditions. Establishes fines. Effective 12/31/2050. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Disability Health Disparity.. Description: Requires the State Council on Developmental Disabilities to submit a report to the Legislature prior to the convening of the Regular Session of 2025 focused on the health disparities experienced by persons in the State with developmental or intellectual disabilities. Appropriates funds. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Economic Development.. Description: Establishes the Access to Local Food Act to allow cottage food operations to sell cottage food products, under certain conditions, upon receiving a permit from the Department of Health. Effective July 1, 2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Affordable Housing.. Description: Temporarily exempts affordable housing projects under certain circumstances from specific state and county fees and exactions related to discretionary approval or ministerial permitting, except fees and costs payable to the Hawaii Housing Finance and Development Corporation and the rates and fees of the various boards of water supply. Repeals 6/30/2028. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Emergency Powers.. Description: Prohibits the Governor or a Mayor from suspending requests for public records or vital statistics during a declared state of emergency. Allows for a reasonable delay in an agency's response to a request as a result of extenuating circumstances.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Hunting Guides.. Description: Requires hunting guides who take their clients to hunt on private lands to first obtain written permission from the owner, occupier, holder, or duly appointed agent of the private land, where appropriate. Requires hunting guides to provide copies of the written permissions and other information as part of their annual reports to the Department of Land and Natural Resources. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Cesspools.. Description: For taxable years beginning after 12/31/2023, provides a temporary income tax credit for the cost of upgrading or converting a qualified cesspool to a wastewater system approved by the Director of Health, or connecting to a sewerage system. Sunsets 12/31/2028. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Renewable Energy.. Description: Requires government entities in the State that issue building permits to implement SolarAPP+ or a functionally equivalent online automated permitting platform that verifies code compliance and issues permits to licensed contractors for solar distributed energy resource systems in real time by 1/1/2024. Requires government entities in the State that issue building permits in territories served by an investor-owned electric utility to adopt self-certification for residential and commercial on-site solar distributed energy resource systems that are not SolarAPP+ compatible. Makes the professional engineers, architects, surveyors, and landscape architects licensure law inapplicable to work with respect to residential distributed energy resource systems. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Taro.. Description: Establishes and appropriates funds for a grant program in the Department of Agriculture to provide grants to taro farmers in meeting the costs of cultivating taro for consumption. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Airlines.. Description: Requires the department of transportation to establish and implement a two-year airline subsidy pilot program at Molokai airport to assist airlines in offsetting the costs of operation. Appropriates funds. Sunsets 7/1/2025. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Search And Rescue.. Description: Requires government entities to seek reimbursement for all or a portion of search or rescue expenses for persons who require rescue after leaving a hiking trail to enter an area closed to the public or hiking on a trail closed to the public, and there is a sign giving notice of the closure. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Farm Dwellings.. Description: Prohibits the construction of new farm dwellings on agricultural park lots beginning 1/1/2024. Prohibits residence within an unpermitted farm dwelling. Authorizes inspections.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Taxes.. Description: Requires productions to provide evidence of reasonable efforts to comply with all applicable requirements to qualify for the Motion Picture, Digital Media, and Film Production Income Tax Credit. Requires taxpayers be given notice of and an opportunity to cure requirements for the Motion Picture, Digital Media, and Film Production Income Tax Credit within thirty days of receiving the notice. Takes effect 1/1/2025. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Time Sharing Plans.. Description: Specifies that primary plan documents be listed in the public disclosure statement of a time share plan. Specifies when supplementary plan documents are to be considered primary plan documents subject to disclosure. Clarifies the manner in which the required disclosure of liens, title defects, or encumbrances on the titles of units may be made. Provides that a review of encumbrances by a contracted private consultant shall be waived upon the certification from the developer that the developer reviewed all encumbrances on title and determined that the time share interest is free and clear of blanket liens or that identifies all blanket liens. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Qualified Internships Tax Credit.. Description: Establishes a qualified internship income tax credit for employers of qualified interns. Establishes an application and certification process for the tax credit, to be administered by the Department of Labor and Industrial Relations. Requires reports to the Legislature from the Department of Taxation and Department of Labor and Industrial Relations. Appropriates funds. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Transportation.. Description: Repeals the electric bicycle and electric moped rebate program and electric bicycle and electric moped subaccount of the highway development special fund. Establishes the electric mobility rebate program and electric mobility special fund. Appropriates moneys. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To State Enterprise Zones.. Description: Amends the definition of "eligible business activity" to include the processing of value-added agricultural products grown within an enterprise zone and the development or production of renewable energy, under certain conditions. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Aquaculture.. Description: Transfers the business, processing, distribution, and marketing functions of the Aquaculture Program from the Department of Agriculture to the Agribusiness Development Corporation. Appropriates moneys. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Creative Districts.. Description: Creates a process for the establishment of a creative district. Establishes a 5-year income tax credit for creative districts. Permits counties to enact incentives for creative districts. Requires the State Foundation on Culture and the Arts to submit an annual report to the Legislature on creative districts. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Motor Vehicle Registration.. Description: Provides an exemption for flatbed trucks from registration renewals and initial registrations of motor carrier vehicles when used as marine terminal equipment temporarily moving in or between certain terminals. Adds new terminal locales, times, and roadways to be covered under the exemption. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Mooring Lines.. Description: Requires the securing of mooring lines from vessels requiring tug assistance to be manned by an existing, operational stevedoring company that is operating within the State, except the securing of mooring lines from vessels for purposes of shipyard or boatyard operations necessary for vessel drydocking, hauling, launching, or shifting used in conjunction with other shipyard or boatyard operations. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The School Facilities Authority.. Description: Transfers an unspecified sum of general funds previously appropriated to the School Facilities Authority of the Department of Education to the school facilities special fund. Appropriates moneys from the school facilities special fund in fiscal year 2023-2024. Establishes an appropriation ceiling for the school facilities special fund that is equivalent to the balance of moneys available in the special fund. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Certification Of Documents.. Description: Establishes a fee for the issuance of an apostille or certification. Establishes the Apostilles and Certifications Special Fund. Authorizes the Office of the Lieutenant Governor to expend moneys in the fund for operational expenses. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/2112. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Department Of Agriculture.. Description: Authorizes the department of agriculture to acquire property for immediate or future use. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Education.. Description: Authorizes the counties to transfer land to the School Facilities Authority. Exempts the School Facilities Authority from certain assessments and taxes. Authorizes state and county agencies to render services to the School Facilities Authority upon request. Authorizes the School Facilities Authority to engage in commercial enterprise activities for the purpose of revenue generation. Authorizes the School Facilities Authority to contract to manage leasing and management of housing projects. Establishes a deadline for the transfer of properties to the Department of Education from the City and County of Honolulu required by Act 206, SLH 2017, as amended by Act 272, SLH 2019. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To General Fund Budget Appropriations For The University Of Hawaii.. Description: Repeals the requirement that the annual general fund budget appropriation for the University of Hawaii shall be 3 to 5 times the estimated regular tuition and related fee revenues for that year.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Department Of Business, Economic Development, And Tourism.. Description: Authorizes the Department of Business, Economic Development, and Tourism to acquire and hold title to or contract to acquire by grant or purchase real, personal, or mixed property; to clear, improve, and rehabilitate and to sell, assign, exchange, transfer, convey, lease, dispose, or encumber the property; and acquire property by condemnation. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The University Of Hawaii Community Colleges.. Description: Requires the University of Hawaii Vice President for Community Colleges to report directly to the Board of Regents. Appropriates funds to the University of Hawaii Community Colleges for the continuation of the Hawaii Community College Promise Program and to establish thirty-one full-time equivalent Security Officer positions for the community colleges. Effective 1/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Renewable Energy.. Description: Establishes the Hawaii electricity reliability administrator special fund. Increases the carryover balance of the public utilities commission special fund to $3,000,000 and transfers a portion of that balance to the Hawaii electricity reliability administrator special fund. Appropriates funds into and out of the special fund. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Special Number Plates.. Description: Authorizes the issuance of special number plates to commemorate Malama Puuloa. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Social Services.. Description: Amends the state supplemental payment ceiling for domiciliary care paid to recipients who are eligible for federal supplementary security income or public assistance, or both. Amends the monthly needs allowance for individuals residing in foster homes, care homes, domiciliary homes, and other long-term care facilities. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Hawaii Healthy Aging Partnership.. Description: Appropriates funds to the Executive Office on Aging for the Hawaii Healthy Aging Partnership. Effective 12/31/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Housing Savings Accounts.. Description: Directs the Legislative Reference Bureau to propose and conduct a study of a housing savings account system. Authorizes the Legislative Reference Bureau to contract for services to develop the proposed system and program and conduct a study. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Housing.. Description: Authorizes the counties to promote certain labor standards through zoning ordinances. Includes off-site construction of a public work project for purposes of the State's prevailing wage requirements. Allows certain affordable rental housing projects to receive a waiver of county property taxes and various county development fees. Requires that all orders from the governor to set aside public lands for the development of affordable housing projects contain a provision that the construction of the development be subject to the State's prevailing wage requirements. Amends the limit on the type of costs eligible for exemption from the general excise tax for development of affordable rental housing approved or certified by the Hawaii Housing Finance and Development Corporation. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Inclusionary Zoning.. Description: Prohibits any law, ordinance, or rule from imposing an inclusionary zoning requirement on housing offered exclusively for sale in perpetuity to buyers who are residents of the State, are owner-occupants, and do not own any other real property. Requires each county to submit a report on its inclusionary zoning requirements to the Legislature every year until the Regular Session of 2028. Effective 3/22/2075. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To School Impact Fees.. Description: Exempts certain housing developments from assessments of school impact fees. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Counties.. Description: Authorizes counties, after adoption of an ordinance, to sell private property after all notices, orders, and appeal proceedings are exhausted and to use those revenues to pay unpaid civil fines related to that property; provided that the county sells the property at not less than the market value of similarly situated properties and that all revenues received from the sale that exceed the amount of the unpaid civil fines are refunded to the property owner. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Department Of Labor And Industrial Relations.. Description: Appropriates funds for the retention of employees of the unemployment insurance division of the department of labor and industrial relations. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Leasehold Conversion.. Description: Excludes from taxation one hundred per cent of the gain realized by a fee simple owner from the sale of a leased fee interest in units within a condominium project, cooperative project, or planned unit development to the association of apartment owners or the residential cooperative housing corporation of the leasehold units. Applies to taxable years beginning after 12/31/2022 and ending prior to 1/1/2030. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Caregivers.. Description: Requires the Executive Office on Aging to establish a workforce development and support center. Appropriates funds for the center's establishment. Effective 12/31/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Intoxicating Liquor.. Description: Restricts the sale of liquor under temporary liquor licenses to confined and demarcated spaces not located on public streets, roads, sidewalks, or pedestrian walkways. Applies restrictions to temporary liquor licenses granted to nonprofit organizations. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii enrolled a bill titled: Proposing An Amendment To The Hawaii State Constitution Regarding The Freedom Of Speech.. Description: Proposes an amendment to the Hawaii State Constitution to provide that freedom of speech protected under the Hawaii State Constitution does not include the expenditure of money to influence elections. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Taxation.. Description: Eliminates the home mortgage interest deduction for second homes under Hawaii income tax law. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Pedestrians.. Description: Authorizes pedestrians to act contrary to the statewide traffic code when a reasonably careful pedestrian would determine that there is no immediate danger of a collision with a moving vehicle. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii enrolled a bill titled: Proposing Amendments To Article Iv, Sections 4 And 6, Of The Hawaii State Constitution Regarding Reapportionment.. Description: Proposes a constitutional amendment to specify that reapportionment shall be based on the resident population, as counted in the decennial United States census for the respective reapportionment year, rather than the permanent resident population. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Land Use Commission.. Description: Specifies that a simple majority of affirmative votes of the members of the Land Use Commission present at a meeting and qualified to vote is required for any boundary amendment. Reduces the number of days by when the Land Use Commission must act for certain actions related to amendments to district boundaries. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Invasive Species.. Description: Appropriates funds to the Division of Forestry and Wildlife of the Department of Land and Natural Resources to coordinate the removal of hazardous albizia trees that potentially threaten public and private land. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Tax Credit For Research Activities.. Description: Adds a cap for the amount of tax credits for research activities that an eligible taxpayer and the taxpayer's related entities may receive per taxable year. Requires a qualified high technology business to be registered to do business in the State and be a small business in order to be eligible for the tax credit. Consolidates the survey and certification requirements for tax credits for research activities. Amends the annual aggregate cap on tax credits for research activities that the Department of Business, Economic Development, and Tourism may certify. Requires certification of the tax credits for research activities on a first-come, firstserved basis to be based on the date that a complete application is received, subject to certain conditions. Extends from 12/31/2024, to 12/31/2029, the sunset date for tax credits for research activities. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Medical Cannabis.. Description: Defines "waiting room" within a medical cannabis retail dispensing location and clarifies public access to the waiting room. Adds or clarifies requirements for the dispensary program related to signage, permitted types of manufactured cannabis products, supervision of certain personnel while onsite at retail dispensing locations or medical cannabis production centers, annual reporting requirements for DOH, and DOH's education and training program. Clarifies penalties for violations. Establishes the medical cannabis cultivation site registry and imposes fees. Amends the uses of the medical cannabis registry and regulation special fund. Prohibits the cultivation, production, manufacture, possession, distribution, handling, or dispensation of medical cannabis except by specific persons or entities. Restricts the number of qualifying patients who may use a grow site to twenty, unless an exemption is obtained from DOH. Prohibits the use or receipt of cannabis as compensation for acting as a primary caregiver to a qualifying patient. Establishes annual reporting requirements for DOH regarding the medical cannabis patient registry program. Requires a report from DBEDT. Makes various housekeeping amendments. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Green Transportation Infrastructure.. Description: Establishes green infrastructure objectives and policies for transportation systems, infrastructure, and projects. Establishes the green transportation infrastructure task force to examine, evaluate, and develop policies for the design, implementation, and maintenance of green transportation infrastructure. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Student Transportation.. Description: Requires the department of education and state public charter school commission to collect certain data on county bus pass usage for public high school and charter high school students. Requires annual reports to the Legislature. Appropriates funds to the department of education and to the state public charter school commission to provide public high school and charter high school students with bus passes. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Transportation.. Description: Requires rental vehicle companies using state facilities to pay or reimburse the State to construct new or use existing state electric vehicle charging infrastructure at those facilities, beginning January 1, 2028. Establishes a task force to develop a plan to implement electric vehicle charging infrastructure to support one hundred per cent electric vehicle rental car fleets in the State by 2035. Requires annual reports to the Legislature until the task force ends. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Consumer Data Protection.. Description: Establishes a framework to regulate controllers and processors with access to personal consumer data. Establishes penalties. Establishes a new consumer privacy special fund. Appropriates moneys. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Traffic Infractions.. Description: Establishes a Traffic Fines Task Force that will examine the Finnish tiered traffic fines system, determine whether a similar system could be implemented in Hawaii, and provide recommendations as to how a system could best be implemented. Appropriates funds. Effective 3/22/2075. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii enrolled a bill titled: Proposing An Amendment To Article Vi, Section 3, Of The Hawaii State Constitution To Increase The Mandatory Retirement Age For State Justices And Judges.. Description: Proposes a constitutional amendment to increase the mandatory retirement age for justices and judges from 70 to 75 years of age. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Election Of The President.. Description: Establishes presidential preference primary elections. Makes an appropriation. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Independent Legal Counsel.. Description: Allows the Department of Hawaiian Home Lands to retain independent legal counsel where the opposing party to the reasonably anticipated litigation is the State or another state agency. Provides that fees owed to independent legal counsel shall be paid by the State. Effective 3/22/2075. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Health Care Education.. Description: Appropriates funds for the expansion of the certified nurse aide to practical nurse bridge program at the University of Hawaii Maui college, including funding for instructional costs and student aid. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Public-private Partnerships For The Delivery Of Health Care Services.. Description: Expands the definition of "private entity" to include business organizations that are authorized to transact business in the State, including nonprofit management entities that have a certificate of need or license to operate one or more community hospitals or hospitals serving a rural population licensed under the laws of any state. Beginning 1/1/2024, require the chief executive officer of the Hawaii health systems corporation to provide written comments to the governor before the State enters into any new agreement with a private entity or modifies or terminates any existing agreement to transfer the right and responsibility to manage, operate and otherwise provide health care services at one or more facilities of the Maui regional system. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Emergency Powers.. Description: Requires the Governor to ensure continued operation of medical facilities upon declaration of a state of emergency or local state of emergency and during times of health or pandemic emergencies. Allows hospitals to suspend elective surgeries during the period of emergency to address the facility's bed capacity. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Early Learning.. Description: Appropriates funds for the preschool open doors program and executive office on early learning to expand access to preschool and to implement program changes required by previous acts. Requires DHS to provide reimbursements to providers participating in the preschool open doors program and adjust the reimbursement rates at least once every two years. Expands the types of entities from which a preschool open doors service provider may obtain accreditation. Expands the preschool open doors program and public prekindergarten program application process to eligible three-year-old children. Authorizes the preschool open doors special fund to accept federal funds. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Combat Sports.. Description: Establishes the combat sports commission of Hawaii. Provides for regulation of combat sports. Prohibits no rules combat or similar contests. Appropriates funds. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The General Excise Tax.. Description: Exempts from the general excise tax those medical and dental services provided by health care providers to patients who receive Medicaid, Medicare, or TRICARE benefits. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Telehealth.. Description: Temporarily allows for the reimbursement of services provided through telehealth via an interactive telecommunications system and two-way, real-time audio-only communications in certain circumstances. Defines "interactive telecommunications system". Effective 12/31/2050. Repeals 12/31/2025. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Homelessness.. Description: Requires the Department of Hawaiian Home Lands to establish the native Hawaiian supportive housing pilot program on the Leeward Coast of Oahu to provide individual or shared micro housing units and services to native Hawaiian beneficiaries who are homeless, or threatened with homelessness, and on the Department of Hawaiian Home Lands waiting list. Appropriates funds. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Mental Health.. Description: Appropriates funds to hire complex-based licensed behavioral health specialists for Hawaii's rural public schools. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Vehicle Weight Taxes.. Description: Amends the vehicle weight tax exemption for noncommercial vehicles by adding an exemption for certain veterans. Takes effect 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Speed Limits.. Description: Clarifies that the engineering study required prior to the setting of a maximum speed limit shall not apply to reductions of maximum speed limits.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Fresh Water Security.. Description: Establishes within the Commission on Water Resource Management a water security working group to study and recommend, for legislative consideration and approval, priority capital improvement projects, including funding and financing strategies for each project, that leverage public-private investment to increase Hawaii's water security. Makes an appropriation. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Beaches.. Description: Includes in the State's policies for the physical environment under the Hawaii State Planning Act, the promotion of statewide beach assessments and beach and shoreline adaptation, restoration, and conservation and the pursuit of compatible relationships among activities, facilities, Native Hawaiian traditional practices mauka to makai, and natural resources. Appropriates funds to the Office of Planning and Sustainable Development for the development of a statewide beach assessment study and shoreline adaptation, restoration, and conservation plan. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii enrolled a bill titled: Proposing Amendments To The Constitution Of The State Of Hawaii To Amend The Manner In Which Justices And Judges Are Appointed, Consented To, And Retained.. Description: Proposes amendments to the Constitution of the State of Hawaii relating to the appointment of justices and judges. Changes certain time periods for the appointment and senate consent to a justice or judge. Mirrors the appointment and senate consent procedure for district court judges with the appointment and senate consent procedure for supreme court justices and intermediate court of appeals and circuit court judges. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Electronic Citations.. Description: Establishes a statewide electronic citation program within the Judiciary. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Public Parking Spaces.. Description: Effective January 1, 2025, requires all state- or county-owned parking lots in the State that contain public paid parking spaces to accept payment of parking fees by credit card and debit card. Requires all state- or county-owned parking meters in the State that collect parking fees for any public paid parking space to be maintained in working order to accept payment by credit card and debit card. Requires the department of accounting and general services and the counties to submit reports to the legislature. Defines motor vehicle, parking meter, and public parking space. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Counties.. Description: Authorizes certain counties to use county surcharge on state tax revenues and fuel tax revenues for the repair and maintenance of private roadways that are open to and used by the public. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Taxation.. Description: Clarifies the authority of the counties to use county surcharge on state tax revenues for housing infrastructure costs for county-appropriated housing infrastructure costs. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Tax Increment Bonds.. Description: Conforms county debt limit statements law to permit counties to exclude tax increment bonds from the debt limit of the counties if a constitutional amendment authorizing the use of tax increment bonds and excluding tax increment bonds from determinations of the Counties' funded debt is ratified. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Cannabis For Medical Use.. Description: Amends the definition of "cannabis" to include cannabis propagules, cuttings, and seeds. Defines "cannabis cutting" and "cannabis propagule". Requires a licensed dispensary's production center to submit to DOH an inventory of cannabis propagules, cuttings, and seeds. Requires a licensed dispensary's retail dispensing location to submit to DOH the total amount of cannabis propagules, cuttings, and seeds purchased. Allows qualifying patients, primary caregivers who are authorized to cultivate cannabis for medical use, qualifying out-of-state patients, and caregivers of qualifying out-of-state patients to purchase cannabis propagules, cuttings, and seeds from licensed dispensaries in the State under certain conditions. Establishes quantity limits and quality requirements for the dispensing of cannabis propagules, cuttings, and seeds. Requires the Department of Health to adopt rules regarding the dispensing of cannabis propagules, cuttings, and seeds. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Short-term Rentals.. Description: Prohibits bans on dwelling unit rentals having a term between one and five months for inter-island relocations and temporary workers. Authorizes county councils to adopt any ordinances necessary to implement the prohibition by 6/30/2024.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Works Of Art Special Fund.. Description: Requires the State Art Museum to provide opportunities for the counties and private organizations located in Hawaii to display art through loan arrangements with the State Foundation on Culture and the Arts under the Arts in Public Places Program. Provides that art loans to a non-museum or public institution may be subject to a fee determined by the State Foundation on Culture and the Arts. Provides that artists who reside in Hawaii receive selection preference for the Arts in Public Places Program. Requires a report to the Legislature. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Advice And Consent Of The Senate.. Description: Requires nominees for the position of Deputy Director, First Deputy, or Deputy Chair, as the case may be, of principal departments and multiple deputy directors; first deputies; deputy chairs, as the case may be, for each department that has multiple individuals who serve in the same role to be subject to the advice and consent of the Senate. Requires a person to file a disclosure of financial interest within thirty days of a person's nomination to any state position enumerated in section 84-17(d), Hawaii Revised Statutes, that is subject to the advice and consent of the Senate. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Procurement.. Description: Amends the procurement threshold for small purchases. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Activity Desks.. Description: Makes a principal of an activity desk, and all persons with an ownership interest in the activity desk, jointly and severally liable for any financial deficiency when the activity desk's client trust account is insufficient to pay consumers or activity providers. Clarifies that an activity desk, along with its principal and all persons with an ownership interest in the activity desk, shall be held liable for statutory violations and subsequent damages. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Time Share Plans.. Description: Amends the definitions of "time share interest" and "time share plan" to include any fractional ownership plan for a joint homeownership limited liability company, or any other entity. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Procurement.. Description: Requires cash or protest bonds to be returned to the initiating party, less twice the amount of the administrative costs, except in cases where the appeal was frivolous or made in bad faith. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To State Parks.. Description: Requires the Office of Planning and Sustainable Development to conduct a study of the carrying capacity of Makena State Park in Maui County. Appropriates funds. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Procurement.. Description: Prohibits a procurement officer from disclosing a competing offeror's proposal or evaluation score, except the summary of scores, during a debriefing requested by a non-selected offeror. Authorizes the disclosure of a competing offeror's proposal or evaluation score after a protest is resolved and the contract is executed. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Housing.. Description: Requires rental housing projects to maintain, in perpetuity, 50% of the project's units for certain low-income tenants in order to be eligible for the Hawaii Housing Finance and Development Corporation's rental assistance program. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Affordable Housing.. Description: Requires that Hawaii Housing Finance and Development Corporation housing projects include a restrictive covenant that states that the units designated as affordable housing, as described in the submitted project application, shall remain as affordable housing in perpetuity. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Honolua Bay.. Description: Appropriates funds for the preservation and protection of Honolua bay and Lipoa point. Directs DLNR to create the Honolua bay and Lipoa point subaccount within the special land and development fund. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Energy.. Description: Requires the public utilities commission to open a docket and set a procedural schedule to determine whether and by which rules government agencies may engage in wheeling of electricity that is produced by renewable energy sources from their own facilities to another government agency's facilities, subject to certain restrictions. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Employees' Retirement System.. Description: Provides police officers who become members of the Employees' Retirement System after 6/30/2023 with retirement benefits similar to those provided for members of the Employees' Retirement System who became members before 7/1/2012, including but not limited to calculation of retirement allowance, minimum age or years of credited service requirements, and vesting period. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Active Duty Military Entitlements.. Description: Requires the State to pay, without delay, military personnel called to active duty at the same rate as their active duty counterparts and provide basic housing allowance. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii enrolled a bill titled: Proposing An Amendment To The Hawaii State Constitution To Protect Individual Reproductive Rights.. Description: Proposes a constitutional amendment to protect an individual's reproductive freedom in their most intimate decisions, including the right to abortion and contraceptives. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Affordable Housing Credits.. Description: Requires the counties to issue affordable housing credits for affordable housing units that are constructed under the various programs of the Hawaii Housing Finance and Development Corporation. Sunsets 7/1/2031. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Campaign Finance.. Description: Prohibits foreign entities and foreign-influenced business entities from making contributions, expenditures, electioneering communications, or donations for election purposes. Requires every business entity that contributes or expends funds in a state election to file a statement of certification regarding its limited foreign influence. Requires noncandidate committees making only independent expenditures to obtain a statement of certification from each top contributor required to be listed in an advertisement. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Ethics.. Description: Increases the post-employment restriction for former legislators from twelve months to twenty-four months.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Transit-oriented Development.. Description: Appropriates funds to the Hawaii Community Development Authority for statewide planning, designing, and constructing of various transit-oriented development projects identified in the state strategic plan for transit-oriented development. Authorizes the Hawaii Community Development Authority, with the approval of the Governor, to delegate to other state departments or agencies implementation authority of certain projects. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Boards And Commissions.. Description: Clarifies that the authorization for board and commission holdover members to continue in office until a successor is nominated and appointed, but not beyond the end of the second regular legislative session following the expiration of the member's term of office, takes precedence over all conflicting statutes concerning holdover members. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The University Of Hawaii.. Description: Designates the Vice President for Budget and Finance and Chief Financial Officer of the University of Hawaii as the Chief Procurement Officer for the University and appropriates funds for the transition. Appropriates general obligation bond funds to University of Hawaii, Systemwide Support (UOH900) to renew, improve, and modernize facilities. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Condominiums.. Description: Requires condominium associations to register on an annual basis, rather than on a biennial basis. Adds an additional annual condominium education trust fund fee to be used to support the annual registration with attached documents of the association. Amends the documents required for condominium association registration. Broadens the list of documents an association shall maintain. Amends the requirements and procedures for a condominium association to provide association documents to unit owners. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Deposits Of Public Funds.. Description: Requires the Director of Finance to consider, prior to the selection of a depository for the state treasury, the beneficial effects to the State of using depositories within the State, including but not limited to lending at favorable terms for the creation of certain affordable housing units. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Campaign Finance.. Description: Prohibits any campaign website for any candidate or candidate committee from containing information or manipulating content in any manner that is designed to induce a noncandidate committee to use that content to make expenditures supporting the candidate or candidate committee in a manner suggested by the candidate or candidate committee based on a reasonable person standard. Requires the Campaign Spending Commission to adopt rules. Takes effect 03/22/2075. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Healthcare Preceptors.. Description: Amends the preceptor tax credit law to expand access to the program and to make it easier for preceptors to access tax credits under the program. Adds the Director of Health to the preceptor credit assurance committee. Effective 12/31/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Public Office.. Description: Prohibits persons convicted of certain felony offenses against public administration from becoming a candidate for or holding public office for ten years after the person's final discharge. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Issuance Of Special Purpose Revenue Bonds To Assist Mauigrown Coffee, Inc.. Description: Authorizes a new issuance of special purpose revenue bonds in the amount of $30 million, to assist MauiGrown Coffee, Inc. with the operation and expansion of its farm and mill. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Office Of Hawaiian Affairs.. Description: Establishes a temporary public land trust working group within the Office of the Governor for administrative purposes only. Provides that the working group's sole purpose shall be to compile a definitive inventory of public land trust lands. Authorizes the working group to hire staff. Appropriates moneys to the Office of Hawaiian Affairs to be used for making repairs to bulkheads and revetments located in certain parcels conveyed to the Office and for certain construction costs for the development of Kukaniloko. Requires and appropriates moneys for the Office of Hawaiian Affairs to conduct a programmatic environmental impact statement for any development projects within the Kakaako Makai area of the public land trust. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Hawaii Film Industry.. Description: Establishes the Hawaii Film Commission in the Department of Business, Economic Development, and Tourism. Amends the administration and extends the sunset date of the motion picture, digital media, and film production income tax credit to 1/1/2038. Establishes a new film studio tax credit. Requests and appropriates funds for the Auditor to conduct a performance and financial audit of the Hawaii State Film Office. Transfers all rights, powers, functions, and duties of the Hawaii State Film Office to the Hawaii Film Commission. Appropriates funds for one fulltime equivalent executive director position within the Hawaii Film Commission. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Government.. Description: Specifies that a public servant convicted of the offense of bribery shall be sentenced to pay a fine of up to $250,000, in addition to a sentence of imprisonment or probation. Requires the Commission on Salaries to consider certain factors to retain qualified individuals and deter corruption and bribery. Amends the effective dates of recommended salary increases. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Waste-to-energy.. Description: Requires the Hawaii State Energy Office to enter into a publicprivate partnership to develop a waste-to-energy generating facility. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The Department Of Land And Natural Resources.. Description: Requires the Department of Land and Natural Resources to develop and implement a management system for the Kaena point state park, Makua and Keawaula sections. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Commercial Fishing.. Description: Authorizes the Department of Land and Natural Resources to establish limited-entry commercial fisheries for fisheries that are not subject to federal fisheries regulations, when appropriate or necessary to ensure sustainable fisheries for two species of fish -- uhu and kala. Requires the Department to obtain community feedback and report annually to the Legislature. Sunsets 6/30/2028. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Sea Level Rise Adaptation.. Description: Requires the Office of Planning and Sustainable Development, in cooperation with each state agency having operational responsibilities over state facilities to develop a standardized process to conduct vulnerability assessments for facilities at risk from sea level rise and guidance to agencies on how to conduct the vulnerability assessments for their facilities. Makes an appropriation. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Funding For The Department Of The Attorney General Tobacco Enforcement Unit.. Description: Increases and stabilizes the amount of funding for the tobacco enforcement special fund within the Department of the Attorney General by: (1) increasing the amount of funds that the tobacco enforcement special fund may carry over at the end of the fiscal year; (2) increasing the cigarette tax stamp fee and concurrently increasing the percentage of the cigarette tax stamp fee deposited to the tobacco enforcement special fund; and (3) amending the amount of funds to be deposited in the tobacco enforcement special fund from the Hawaii tobacco settlement special fund. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Hawaii Community Development Authority.. Description: Increases options to build affordable housing by allowing the Hawaii community development authority to conduct a pilot program to lease real property for one project in the Kakaako community development district for a term of ninety-nine years. Requires reports to legislature. Repeals 6/30/2122. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Department Of Business, Economic Development, And Tourism.. Description: Makes an appropriation to the Department of Business, Economic Development, and Tourism for expenses related to building renovations. Effective 1/6/2050. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii enrolled a bill titled: Proposing Amendments To Article Vii, Sections 12 And 13, Of The Hawaii Constitution To Expressly Provide That The Legislature May Authorize The Counties To Issue Tax Increment Bonds And To Exclude Tax Increment Bonds From Determinations Of The Funded Debt Of The Counties.. Description: Proposes amendments to the Constitution of the State of Hawaii to expressly provide that the legislature may authorize, by general law, political subdivisions, such as counties, to issue tax increment bonds and to exclude tax increment bonds in calculating the debt limit of the political subdivisions. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Designated Economic Development District.. Description: Establishes the Hawaii Economic Development District Planning Organization and governing board within the Department of Business, Economic Development, and Tourism. Designates the Office of Planning and Sustainable Development to organize the Hawaii Economic Development District Planning Organization. Establishes full-time equivalent temporary, exempt positions. Makes an appropriation. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Hawaii Technology Development Corporation.. Description: Establishes a public policy framework that addresses state goals in the area of economic diversification. Appropriates funds to the Hawaii Technology Development Corporation to implement specific projects that address those goals. Requires the Hawaii Technology Development Corporation to submit annual reports to the Legislature. Authorizes the Hawaii Technology Development Corporation to temporarily re-establish the Hawaii Office of Naval Research Grant Program to provide fifty per cent matching grants to Hawaii awardees of alternative energy research grants from the Department of Defense Office of Naval Research. Establishes the Alternative Energy Research and Development Revolving Fund. Appropriates moneys into and out of the revolving fund. Amends the composition of the Hawaii Technology Development Corporation Board of Directors to include the Chairperson of the Board of Regents of the University of Hawaii, unless the Chairperson, with the approval of the Board of Regents, designates another Regent to serve. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Public Employment Cost Items.. Description: Provides appropriations for collective bargaining cost items for the members of bargaining unit (5) and their excluded counterparts, including the cost of salary adjustments negotiated between the State and the bargaining unit representative for fiscal biennium 2023-2025. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Repeal Of Act 192, Session Laws Of Hawaii 2007.. Description: Repeals Act 192, Session Laws of Hawaii 2007, which requires the employees' retirement system to divest itself of investments in companies that provide support for genocide in Darfur, Sudan, and provide annual reports to the legislature on the status of divestment. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Broadband.. Description: Transfers the Hawaii broadband and digital equity office from the department of business, economic development, and tourism to the office of the lieutenant governor on a temporary, four-year basis. Appropriates general funds to provide required matching funds for the Broadband Equity, Access, and Deployment Program. Appropriates funds received by the State from the Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act for the Broadband Equity, Access, and Deployment Program. Requires the office of the lieutenant governor to convene and lead the working group established pursuant to Act 231, Session Laws of Hawaii 2022. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Money Transmitters Modernization Act.. Description: Aligns Hawaii's money transmitters law with the provisions of the Model Money Transmitters Modernization Act, thereby enabling Hawaii to work within a network of states to license, supervise, and examine transglobal money transmission companies as a multi-state system. Enables timely, coordinated, and efficient regulation of money transmission companies to achieve financial stability and economic growth, while providing consumer protection. Allows the State to share resources, data, and technology tools with other states to create a stronger multi-state system of financial regulation. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Emergency Management.. Description: Clarifies that emergency management powers must be consistent with the state constitution. Clarifies the scope of the Comprehensive Emergency Management Plan. Clarifies the powers of the Governor and mayors to extend or terminate a state of emergency or local state of emergency, respectively. Delineates allowable uses of Major Disaster Fund moneys. Amends the amount of additional funds that may be made available for the purpose of matching federal disaster relief fund. Shortens the duration of price control periods from 96 hours to 72 hours. Defines "severe warning" to recognize that entities other than the National Weather Service may issue warnings that may require the activation of the emergency management system. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Infant And Early Childhood Mental Health.. Description: Establishes the infant and early childhood mental health program within the department of health to provide and coordinate mental health services for children from birth up to age five. Appropriates funds for the establishment of the program, including for an unspecified number of permanent full-time equivalent (FTE) positions. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Housing.. Description: Adds a definition for "affordable housing" and amends the definition of "historic property" used in the State's historic preservation program. Allows the State Historic Preservation Division to contract its historic reviews to third-party consultants under certain conditions, including that the project is being undertaken to provide affordable housing and the project proponent pays for the department to contract the consultant. Sunsets 7/1/2028. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Historic Preservation Reviews.. Description: Authorizes the Department of Hawaiian Home Lands to assume historic preservation review of the effect of any proposed project for lands under its jurisdiction except for projects affecting properties listed or nominated for inclusion in the Hawaii register of historic places or the national register of historic places or located in a designated historic district. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Water Pollution Control.. Description: Revises chapter 342D, Hawaii Revised Statutes, to add definitions that are consistent with federal Clean Water Act regulations. Clarifies the Director of Health's role as a certifying agency including enforcement of water quality certifications, and increases certain statutory civil penalties. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Penalties For Unlicensed Care Homes.. Description: Clarifies the penalty to be assessed on any person who intentionally operates a care facility without a certificate or license. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Workforce Development.. Description: Amends chapter 202, Hawaii Revised Statutes, to be consistent with the General Appropriations Act of 2021, Act 88, Session Laws of Hawaii 2021. Renames "Hawaii workforce development council" to "Hawaii workforce development board". Requires the Hawaii workforce development board and local workforce development boards to develop written conflict of interest policies consistent with federal law and regulations. Requires the governor to select the chairperson of the board from among the seventeen private sector members. Requires the Hawaii workforce development board to assist the governor in coordinating local workforce development boards to improve the workforce development system. Repeals the requirement for the department of labor and industrial relations to submit an annual report to the legislature on the activities of the k-12 agriculture workforce development pipeline initiative. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Wage And Hour Law.. Description: Expands the coverage of employees and employers covered under the minimum wage, overtime, and recordkeeping requirements of chapter 387, Hawaii Revised Statutes, by deleting from the definition of "employee" employees guaranteed a monthly compensation of $2,000 or more. Effective 1/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Declaration Of Water Shortage And Emergency.. Description: Clarifies the conditions, manner, and areas in which the Commission on Water Resource Management of the Department of Land and Natural Resources can declare water shortages and emergencies. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Real Property Disclosures Within Shoreline Areas.. Description: Requires mandatory disclosure of all existing permitted and unpermitted shoreline erosion control structures and the annual coastal erosion rates for shoreline properties in real estate transactions when publicly available. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Uniform Controlled Substances Act.. Description: Amends section 4 of Act 153, Session Laws of Hawaii 2018, to make permanent the requirements under section 329-38.2, Hawaii Revised Statutes, to check the electronic prescription accountability system in certain situations as enumerated.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Conformity To The Internal Revenue Code.. Description: Conforms Hawaii income and estate and generation-skipping transfer tax laws to the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended as of December 31, 2022. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Capital Advancement Contracts.. Description: Increases the total contract value and total aggregate value of capital advancement contracts entered into by the department of transportation for harbor improvements. Requires reports to the legislature. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Aeronautics.. Description: Authorizes the department of transportation airports division to demand and collect reimbursement from any airport contractor, tenant, or user for the entire amount of fines and penalties levied for the violation of federal, state, or county laws related to environmental protection or the United States Department of Homeland Security. Allows the department of transportation airports division to enter into a capital advancement contract with a private party for certain public improvement or construction projects at Hawaii's airports under certain circumstances. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Commercial Motor Vehicle Weight Limits.. Description: Requires vehicle weights to be consistent with federal weight limits with respect to legal limits for gross vehicle weight and axle loads traveling on all public roadways. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Drug And Alcohol Toxicology Testing Laboratory.. Description: Amends the name and administration of the drug and alcohol toxicology testing laboratory special fund. Appropriates funds. Requires a report to the legislature. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The University Of Hawaii Resident Tuition Fee.. Description: Requires the University of Hawaii to grant resident tuition fees for enrollment at any University of Hawaii campus to individuals who have graduated from a Hawaii high school and are enrolling in an undergraduate degree program, under certain conditions. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The University Of Hawaii.. Description: Exempts certain University of Hawaii contracts involving research and training from the Hawaii Public Procurement Code and requires the Board of Regents to develop internal policies and procedures for those procurements. Repeals the requirement that the Board of Regents develop internal policies and procedures for the procurement of construction. Authorizes the University of Hawaii President to delegate procurement authority for research and training to the University's Vice President for Research and Innovation. Requires the Board of Regents to submit reports to the Legislature. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The University Of Hawaii.. Description: Requires the University of Hawaii to submit annual reports of all university employees who performed work from a location outside of the State during the applicable year to the legislature no later than December 31 of that year. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Government Accountability.. Description: Requires any report of a study or an audit enacted with a legislative appropriation or adopted by concurrent resolution to be submitted to the President of the Senate, Speaker of the House of Representatives, the chairs of the appropriate subject matter committee of each house, and the Legislative Reference Bureau library. Requires a public hearing or informational briefing within 1 year of receipt of the report, except under certain circumstances. Requires a public hearing or informational briefing within 1 year of the publication of the performance audit reports. Exempts financial and other regularly occurring audits. Requires state departments and agencies to submit a report to the Legislature containing certain information regarding new, funded state programs within 1 year of the date on which the program's enabling Act became law. Effective 7/1/2112. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Noise Pollution.. Description: Establishes that a person's conduct that produces, or causes to be produced, noise exceeding a certain decibel level during night time hours in any area zoned as residential or mixed-use residential is an unreasonable noise that constitutes the offense of disorderly conduct. Appropriates funds for enforcement. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Ohana Zones.. Description: Establishes positions within the Office of the Governor to be responsible for the deployment of the capital improvement funds appropriated by this Act. Appropriates funds for the ohana zones pilot program for expenses relating to operations, upkeep of facilities, provision of services, administrative costs, and the construction of facilities. Makes the ohana zones pilot program a government assistance program for purposes of a general excise tax exemption. Specifies that certain exemptions shall apply to the ohana zone construction. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Tobacco Products.. Description: Repeals existing law that preempted local ordinances or regulations that regulate the sale of cigarettes, tobacco products, and electronic smoking devices and nullified and voided any conflicting local laws and regulations. Allows counties to adopt ordinances that regulate the sale of cigarettes, tobacco products, and electronic smoking devices that do not conflict with and are more stringent than the state law that govern smoking. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Psilocybin.. Description: Establishes the Therapeutic Psilocybin Working Group within the Department of Health. Requires the working group to examine the medicinal and therapeutic effects of psilocybin or psilocybinbased products on mental health, report to the Legislature before the Regular Session of 2025, and dissolve on 6/30/2025. Appropriates funds. Effective 12/31/2050. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Issuance Of Special Purpose Revenue Bonds To Honokaa Land Company, Llc.. Description: Authorizes the issuance of special purpose revenue bonds to assist Honokaa Land Company, LLC, with acquiring, developing, and renovating agricultural facilities. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Issuance Of Special Purpose Revenue Bonds To Assist Kohala Mountain Fish Company, Llc.. Description: Authorizes the issuance of special purpose revenue bonds to assist Kohala Mountain Fish Company, LLC, in establishing The Village project. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Limited-profit Housing Associations.. Description: Establishes a limited-profit housing associations working group. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Historic Preservation.. Description: Expands the definition of "historic property" for purposes of the Historic Preservation Program. Takes effect 4/14/2112. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Procurement.. Description: Allows agencies to rank fewer than three persons for professional services when fewer than three qualified persons respond to the solicitation or request to use alternative procurement procedures when no qualified person responds to the solicitation. Effective 7/1/2112. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The First Responders Technology Campus And Cybersecurity Data Center.. Description: Appropriates funds for the development of the First Responders Technology Campus and Cybersecurity Data Center. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Corrections.. Description: Requires the Department of Public Safety to install digital cameras in all guard control rooms of any correctional center housing women. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Behavioral Health Services.. Description: Appropriates funds for the expansion and enhancement of the suicide crisis hotline and crisis management services provided by contracted service providers through the Hawaii Coordinated Access Resource Entry System (CARES) Crisis Helpline; expansion and enhancement of the crisis mobile outreach services provided by contracted service providers through the Hawaii CARES Crisis Helpline; expansion of licensed crisis residential shelter services provided by contracted service providers through the Hawaii CARES Crisis Helpline; expansion of bed stabilization services provided by contracted service providers through the Hawaii CARES Crisis Helpline; and expansion of certified community behavioral health clinics with services coordinated through the Hawaii CARES crisis helpline. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Health.. Description: Requires DOH, DHS, and DOE to research rules, policies, and plan amendments necessary to ensure that medically necessary services, including applied behavior analysis services, for individuals twenty-six years of age or younger with neurodevelopmental disorders, including autism spectrum disorder and fetal alcohol spectrum disorders, are covered under the early and periodic screening, diagnostic, and treatment benefit; state special education services and programs; and the medicaid section 1915(c) home and community based waiver for individuals with intellectual and developmental disabilities. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Medicaid.. Description: Appropriates funds to the Department of Human Services for the achievement of full funding, including estimated payment increases, of Medicaid Home- and Community-Based Services. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Special Purpose Revenue Bonds.. Description: Authorizes the issuance of special purpose revenue bonds to assist West Maui Hospital Foundation, Inc. in the construction of West Maui Hospital and Medical Center in the County of Maui, including any necessary infrastructure. Requires the County of Maui to serve as guarantor of any debt service on the special purpose revenue bonds. Effective 12/31/2050. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Offensive Cybersecurity.. Description: Establishes an offensive cybersecurity program within the office of enterprise technology services to analyze and evaluate cybersecurity threats and increase cybersecurity awareness and education. Establishes a goal for all state and county agencies to identify and address vulnerabilities having a benchmark score exceeding 3.9 on the common vulnerability scoring system by 1/1/2026. Makes appropriations and authorizes the establishment of positions. Requires reports. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Aerospace Development.. Description: Establishes the Aerospace and Aeronautics Development Program within the Hawaii Technology Development Corporation. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Meat Processing.. Description: Requires the Department of Agriculture, in collaboration with the Hawaii Interagency Council on Homelessness; Department of Land and Natural Resources, Division of Forestry and Wildlife; and Department of Health, Food Safety Branch; and in consultation with the County of Maui Axis Deer Task Force, to develop and implement a plan to expand the meat processing and distribution capacity in the State to allow for meat from axis deer and other wild game to be processed for distribution by nonprofit food distribution services by 7/1/2024. Appropriates funds. Takes effect 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Livestock.. Description: Requires the University of Hawaii College of Tropical Agriculture and Human Resources, in consultation with livestock industry stakeholders, to conduct a study to assess the effects of heat stress on beef cattle during interisland ocean transportation. Requires a report. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD3)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Value-added Products.. Description: Establishes a food and product innovation network within the Agribusiness Development Corporation. Appropriates moneys for food and product innovation facilities on the islands of Molokai and Oahu. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To State Employees.. Description: Requires the attorney general to defend professionally licensed or certified state employees from civil actions or proceedings, subject to certain circumstances. Establishes certain filing and hearing requirements for when the attorney general refuses to defend a state employee. Requires that if the State refuses to defend a state employee from civil actions on certain grounds, that the State file a motion to be heard with the court. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Mental Health.. Description: Requires the department of health to track and publicly report certain data relating to crisis reports, emergency mental health transports, and court-ordered treatments. Requires the department of health to respond to reports about persons having severe mental illness who are in need of assistance, assess whether those persons may fulfill the criteria for assisted community treatment, and coordinate the process for an assisted community treatment order if indicated. Establishes that a court's denial of a petition for involuntary commitment shall serve as notification to the department of health that the person should be evaluated for assisted community treatment. Requires the department of the attorney general to assist with the preparation and filing of petitions for assisted community treatment, unless declined by the petitioner. Appropriates funds to the department of health for software and data collection and publication. Appropriates funds for statewide education and training on policies related to emergency examination and hospitalization and assisted community treatment. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Protection Of Taro.. Description: Prohibits the Board of Land and Natural Resources from disturbing or acquiring for development certain wetland or dryland tarogrowing lands. Establishes a taro lands classification for public lands. Permits structures for loi or mala taro fields in the agricultural district. Establishes growth and perpetuation of traditional Hawaiian crops as a goal of the Hawaii State Planning Act. Requires and appropriates funds for the Land Use Commission to create an inventory of taro lands and consult with former members of the Taro Security and Purity Task Force in the creation of the inventory. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To A Modern Hawaii History Museum.. Description: Establishes the museum of modern Hawaii history. Establishes a task force to develop plans for the establishment, construction, and operation of the museum of modern Hawaii history. Appropriates funds. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Transportation.. Description: Appropriates funds to the department of transportation for bicycle and pedestrian safety. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The State Archives.. Description: Authorizes the state archives preservation and long-term access special fund to be used to preserve and provide long-term access to other materials preserved at the state archives, in addition to government records. Establishes additional funding sources for, and authorizes additional expenditures of moneys from, the state archives preservation and long-term access special fund. Appropriates funds. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To University Of Hawaii Astronomy Engineering And Instrumentation.. Description: Establishes a center for the design, development, and fabrication of astronomical instruments within the University of Hawaii. Appropriates funds for the center's planning and design and 10 full-time equivalent faculty positions within the center. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Hawaii Pacific Hydrogen Hub.. Description: Requires the Department of Business, Economic Development, and Tourism to work with the University of Hawaii on workforce development activities that support the development of the Hawaii Pacific Hydrogen Hub and other related aspects of the State's hydrogen energy industry. Appropriates funds to the Department of Business, Economic Development, and Tourism for the Hawaii Pacific Hydrogen Hub. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Sustainable Land Use.. Description: Requires the Office of Planning and Sustainable Development to create an integrated land use study for the use of land within the agricultural district. Requires the Hawaii State Energy Office, Department of Agriculture, Department of Transportation, and Hawaii Tourism Authority to update various state functional plans. Appropriates funds. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Economic Development.. Description: Establishes an Office of Destination Management within the Department of Business, Economic Development, and Tourism. Requires the Office of Destination Management to implement certain county destination management action plans. Repeals the Hawaii Tourism Authority. Establishes and appropriates funds for a tourism liaison officer within the office of the governor. Appropriates funds. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The State Board Of Professional Engineers, Architects, Surveyors And Landscape Architects.. Description: Requires the State Board of Professional Engineers, Architects, Surveyors and Landscape Architects to, upon its denial of an application for licensure, provide the applicant with a written notice of denial accompanied by a written explanation describing the reasons for the Board's denial. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Condominiums.. Description: Authorizes the use of electronic mail to deliver certain documents when purchasing a condominium. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Mental Health.. Description: Establishes the Beneficial Treatments Advisory Council to review mental health treatment information and advise the Department of Health. Effective 12/31/2050. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Culture And Arts.. Description: Establishes the Hawaii leadership awards program to honor persons from Hawaii who have made considerable and outstanding contributions to the State and who serve as an inspiration to others. Appropriates funds. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Transportation.. Description: Allows the director of transportation to exempt certain ground transportation facility projects from historic preservation review and the environmental impact statement law, subject to certain conditions. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Judiciary.. Description: Makes appropriations to the Judiciary for capital improvement projects for the fiscal biennium beginning 7/1/2023, and ending 6/30/2025. Effective 1/7/2059. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Public Financing For Candidates To Elected Office.. Description: Establishes a comprehensive system of public financing for all candidates seeking election to state and county public offices in the State, to begin with the 2026 general election year. Requires the Campaign Spending Commission to submit a progress and final report to the Legislature. Appropriates funds. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Supportive Housing.. Description: Establishes a supportive housing pilot program in the Statewide Office on Homelessness and Housing Solutions. Appropriates funds. Requires reports to the Legislature. Effective 6/30/3000. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Career And Technical Education.. Description: Authorizes the State Board for Career and Technical Education to cooperate with the Legislature to advise on provisions of all nonfederal funds received that are earmarked for career and technical education. Requires the State Board for Career and Technical Education, in collaboration with the Department of Business, Economic Development, and Tourism and Department of Labor and Industrial Relations, to develop and implement workforce development pathways. Amends the membership composition of the Career and Technical Education Coordinating Advisory Council. Requires annual reports to the Legislature. Appropriates funds for the development and implementation of workforce development pathways and differential pay increases for career and technical education teachers. Effective 1/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Taxation.. Description: Extends the period in which a county may adopt a surcharge on state tax, under certain conditions, from 3/31/2019 to 12/31/2023. Authorizes the use of county surcharge revenues for housing infrastructure. Temporarily authorizes counties that have previously adopted a surcharge on state tax to amend the rates and uses of the surcharge. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Telework.. Description: Establishes a temporary Telework Working Group. Requires interim and final reports to the Legislature. Makes an appropriation. Effective 07/01/2050. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Collective Bargaining.. Description: Creates a separate bargaining unit (16) for City and County of Honolulu Emergency Services Department employees. Recategorizes City and County of Honolulu Emergency Services Department employees from bargaining unit (10) into bargaining unit (16). Takes effect 1/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Affordable Housing.. Description: Establishes a working group within the Office of the Governor for administrative purposes to ascertain the State's available water resources and water system source capacity and streamline well permit approval processes to further plan for the development of affordable housing. Requires the working group to inventory all available water resources statewide and identify sources of aquifer replenishment in relation to affordable housing development. Requires an interim and final report to the Legislature. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Department Of Commerce And Consumer Affairs.. Description: Requires the Department of Commerce and Consumer Affairs to make all business registration applications available online. Requires all applications to contain certain contact information. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Cable Television Systems.. Description: Adds additional considerations for the Director of Commerce and Consumer Affairs to take into account when ensuring that the terms and conditions required for operation of an access organization are fair to the public in its designated service area. Requires cable operators to include viewership numbers for channels designated for public, educational, and government access use in its reports to the Director of Commerce and Consumer Affairs. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Agriculture.. Description: Requires the Department of Agriculture to assess the steps necessary for the State to supplement federal authority to perform meat inspections within the State. Requires the Department of Agriculture to assess the steps necessary to transfer full authority over meat inspections from the federal government to the State. Appropriates funds for the establishment of inspector positions within the Department of Agriculture to perform meat inspections. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Crisis Intervention.. Description: Establishes an expanded crisis intervention and diversion activities program within the department of health to expand existing activities to divert those with mental health issues to appropriate health care services. Defines "crisis center" and "crisis intervention officer". Authorizes a person believed to be imminently dangerous to self or others by a law enforcement officer to be assisted by a crisis intervention officer and transported to a designated crisis center. Appropriates funds for the expanded crisis intervention and diversion activities program and for certification of law enforcement officers in mental health first aid by the department of health. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To School Campuses.. Description: Establishes and appropriates funds for a Maui campus housing pilot program. Requires the School Facilities Authority and Department of Education to submit reports to the Legislature. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Water Testing.. Description: Appropriates funds to the University of Hawaii Maui college to support water testing on the island of Maui, including supplies and the establishment of two full-time equivalent positions. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Native Hawaiian Affairs.. Description: Appropriates funds to the Department of Business, Economic Development, and Tourism and Department of Land and Natural Resources to improve Native Hawaiian communities and culture through various assistance services. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Collective Bargaining.. Description: Retains institutional, health, and correctional workers except for adult corrections officers of the Department of Public Safety's Corrections Division or its successor agency of the Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation under bargaining unit (10). Creates a separate bargaining unit (16) for adult corrections officers of the Department of Public Safety's Corrections Division or its successor agency. Takes effect 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Department Of Health.. Description: Requires the Developmental Disabilities Division of the Department of Health to amend the eligibility criteria for the Home and Community-Based Services Medicaid Waiver to include individuals with an intellectual or developmental disability and a comorbid mental illness. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Housing.. Description: Allows the construction of multi-family dwelling units on any lot within certain designated county zoning districts, subject to reasonable standards adopted by each county. Takes effect 4/14/2112. (SD2)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Financial Support Of A Child After Driving Under The Influence.. Description: Requires defendants convicted of causing the death of a parent or legal guardian of a minor child or an adult dependent child with disabilities by the operation of a vehicle in a negligent manner while under the influence of drugs or alcohol to make restitution in the form of financial support to each surviving child of the victim. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Housing.. Description: Prohibits a county from changing the land use designation or zoning of a parcel or parcels of property to a less intensive use or reducing the intensity of land use within an existing zoning district below what was allowed under the general plan or specific land use designation and zoning ordinances in effect on January 1, 2024. Allows a county to change a land use designation or zoning ordinance to a less intensive use if the county concurrently enacts measures to ensure that there is no net loss in residential capacity.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Deceptive Trade Practices.. Description: Makes it a deceptive practice to advertise, display, or offer a price for goods or services that does not include all mandatory fees or charges, with certain exceptions. Takes effect 7/1/2040. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Inclusionary Zoning.. Description: Prohibits any law, ordinance, or rule from imposing an inclusionary zoning requirement on housing offered exclusively for sale or rent in perpetuity to buyers or renters who are residents of the State, are owner-occupants or renters, and do not own any other real property. Takes effect 4/14/2112. (SD2)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Controlling Interest Transfer Tax.. Description: Establishes that the transfer or acquisition of a controlling interest in an entity that owns real property in the State shall be subject to the conveyance tax. Eliminates the dollar cap amounts of conveyance tax collections paid into the Land Conservation Fund and Rental Housing Revolving Fund. Deposits ten per cent of conveyance tax collections into the Dwelling Unit Revolving Fund for purposes of funding infrastructure programs for transit-oriented development. Effective 1/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Housing.. Description: Establishes another means for a housing project to seek an exemption from laws and rules of the State that are developed under various programs of the Hawaii Housing Finance and Development Corporation. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The Department Of Education.. Description: Exempts career and technical education goods and services purchases by the Department of Education from the State Procurement Code. Requires the Department of Education to acquire three written quotes for career and technical education purchases that exceed $100,000. Requires awards of over $2,500 for career and technical education purchases to comply with certain statutory provisions regarding offerors. Requires awards of over $500,000 for career and technical education purchases to be approved by the Superintendent of Education. Repeals 7/1/2027. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Education.. Description: Authorizes the Department of Health to require the Department of Education to report coronavirus disease 2019 potential outbreaks or other public health emergencies and related information in a manner most appropriate to public health and safety, as determined by the Department of Health. Repeals the requirement to publish the report on the Department of Education's website. Prohibits the Department of Health from requiring the Department of Education to provide personally identifiable information in any report pursuant to the federal Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act. Authorizes the Department of Education to provide personally identifiable information only after it has determined that a health or safety emergency exists. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The Importation Of Plants And Animals.. Description: Allows the State of Hawaii Plant and Animal Declaration Form to be distributed, completed, and transmitted electronically. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Economic Development.. Description: Establishes the Aerospace and Aeronautics Development Program within the Department of Business, Economic Development, and Tourism. Appropriates funds to establish a position within the Hawaii Technology Development Corporation to assist the Corporation's aerospace coordinator. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The State Fire Marshal.. Description: Establishes the Office of the State Fire Marshal within the Department of Labor and Industrial Relations to be headed by a State Fire Marshal. Exempts the State Fire Marshal from Civil Service Law. Requires the State Fire Council to establish the terms of employment for the State Fire Marshal and appoint the State Fire Marshal to serve for a term of five years. Requires the State Fire Council to report to the Legislature. Makes appropriations. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Public Utilities.. Description: Requires all telecommunications service providers to communicate relevant information relating to the deenergization of electrical lines to public safety or emergency response offices for the affected areas. Requires all electric utilities to operate electrical lines and equipment in a manner that shall minimize the risk of catastrophic wildfire posed by the electrical lines and equipment. Requires each electric utility to prepare a wildfire mitigation plan approved by the Public Utilities Commission and protocols for deenergizing electrical lines. Allows the Public Utilities Commission to adopt rules. Takes effect 7/1/2040. (SD2)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Public Utilities.. Description: Requires the Public Utilities Commission to direct each electric utility company in the State to file proposals for programs to provide certain benefits to residential property owners in fire-prone areas that install electric infrastructure improvements to reduce or eliminate the impacts of wildfires on their residential properties or purchase emergency equipment or supplies for use in deenergization events. Takes effect 7/1/2040. (SD2)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Corrections.. Description: Requires the Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation (DCR) to establish a one-year pilot program to allow inmates incarcerated at the Women's Community Correctional Center to foster pets while incarcerated. Requires DCR to submit a report to the Legislature. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Value-added Production.. Description: Establishes the Access to Local Value-Added Products Act to allow homemade food operations to sell homemade food products, under certain conditions, upon registering with the Department of Health. Takes effect 7/1/2040. (SD2)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Special Counsel.. Description: Allows the Attorney General to appoint a special counsel to assume the Attorney General's powers and responsibilities over an investigation of a person or matter when the investigation or prosecution of, or any other legal or administrative action against the person or matter by the Department of the Attorney General, may present a conflict of interest. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Installment Loans.. Description: Amends the definition of "installment lender" to clarify that the law is not intended to eliminate the ability of lenders to make low interest rate loans under the interest and usury law. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Out-of-state Prescriptions.. Description: Authorizes out-of-state pharmacies to transfer prescription information for the initial fill of an out-of-state prescription in the State. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Pet Sales.. Description: Requires retail pet stores to maintain records regarding the source and medical history of animals sold and provide records to pet purchasers, subject to the discretion of the retail pet store. Establishes penalties. Authorizes retail pet stores to showcase pet animals owned by a nonprofit animal welfare organization. Takes effect 7/1/2040. (SD2)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Energy-efficiency Portfolio Standards.. Description: Extends the State's energy efficiency portfolio standards from 2030 to 2045. Authorizes the Public Utilities Commission to establish interim goals, and clarifies procedures. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Security Deposits.. Description: Requires a landlord to accept either rental security insurance or a surety bond in lieu of a traditional security deposit, upon a tenant's request. Takes effect 7/1/2040. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Residential Landlord-tenant Code.. Description: Prohibits a landlord or the landlord's agent from charging an application fee for a criminal background check or credit report if an applicant provides a copy of a criminal background check or credit report that has not been falsely altered or makes a comprehensive reusable tenant report available to the landlord or the landlord's agent. Requires a landlord or the landlord's agent to provide, upon request, a copy of an applicant's criminal background check or credit report. Establishes penalties for providing a falsely altered copy of a background check or credit report. Defines "falsely altered". Takes effect 7/1/2040. (SD2)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The Residential Landlord-tenant Code.. Description: Amends the deadline related to the repair of conditions that constitute health or safety violations. Increases the amount deducted from a tenant's rent for the tenant's actual expenditures to correct health or safety violations and defective conditions. Takes effect 11/1/2024. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Housing.. Description: Authorizes the Hawaii Housing Finance and Development Corporation to issue bonds for housing project infrastructure and finance the development of regional state infrastructure projects. Exempts bonds issued by HHFDC for improvements by assessments, and the interest thereon, from state, county, and municipal taxation, with certain exceptions. Includes proceeds from bonds issued for regional state infrastructure projects as a source of revenue for regional state infrastructure subaccounts. Authorizes the cost of providing regional infrastructure improvements to be assessed against housing and mixed-use transit-oriented development projects specifically benefiting from the improvements when a regional infrastructure improvement project is undertaken by the Hawaii Housing Finance and Development Corporation. Authorizes regional state infrastructure subaccount revenues to be used to repay regional state infrastructure project bond holders. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Department Of Land And Natural Resources.. Description: Appropriates funds to the Wildfire Management Branch of the Department of Land and Natural Resources' Division of Forestry and Wildlife to provide nonprofit organizations with grants for wildfire preparedness and mitigation programming. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Port Infrastructure.. Description: Appropriates funds to the Department of Land and Natural Resources to conduct maintenance dredging at state small boat harbors, boat launch ramp facilities, and waterways. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Food Sustainability.. Description: Requires the Department of Agriculture, in coordination with the Office of Planning and Sustainable Development, to prepare a report on freshwater and saltwater aquatic organisms regarding their agricultural and economic impact on the State's food self-sufficiency. Requires the Governor to submit a report on the impacts of freshwater and saltwater aquatic organisms to the Legislature prior to the Regular Session of 2026. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Combat Sports.. Description: Establishes a new regulatory framework for combat sports contests in Hawaii by establishing the Combat Sports Commission of Hawaii and repealing existing law governing mixed martial arts contests in Hawaii. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD2)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Boards And Commissions.. Description: Prohibits staff members from assuming the authority and duties of the chairperson of a board or commission. Takes effect 7/1/2112. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Ocean Stewardship.. Description: Amends the persons required to collect the Ocean Stewardship User Fee. Extends the sunset date of the Ocean Stewardship Special Fund to 1/1/2031. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Computer Crime.. Description: Amends the offense of use of a computer in the commission of a separate crime to include violation of privacy in the first and second degrees. Repeals on 7/1/2027. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Gambling Offenses.. Description: Amends the definition of "advance gambling activity" to repeal language that included making no effort to prevent the occurrence or continuation of gambling activity. Repeals on 7/1/2029. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Small Purchases.. Description: Increases the minimum amount for purchases constituting small purchase procurements from $25,000 to $50,000. Sets a small purchase procurement minimum amount of $75,000 for federally declared disaster areas; provided that the procurements are reported to the State Procurement Office. Requires a report to the Legislature. (SD2)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Campaign Contributions.. Description: Amends section 11-364, Hawaii Revised Statutes, to provide that an excess contribution of more than $100 in cash, in the aggregate, from a single person during an election period to a candidate, candidate committee, or noncandidate committee shall escheat to the Hawaii election campaign fund if not returned to the contributor within 30 days.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The State Ethics Commission.. Description: Clarifies and modernizes the way the State Ethics Commission provides advice and conducts investigations. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Reporting Periods.. Description: Establishes a phased process for adjusting the reporting period for gift disclosures filed with the State Ethics Commission to conform with the fiscal year. Provides for electronic filing of documents required by the State Ethics Commission. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Lobbying.. Description: Amends the definition of "lobbying" to include communications regarding procurement decisions with certain high-level government officials. Establishes certain presumptions regarding testimony when given by a paid person. Makes certain contracts voidable when entered into in violation of lobbying law. Takes effect 1/1/2027. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Emergency Management.. Description: Authorizes the Governor to suspend the mortgage foreclosure provisions of chapter 667, HRS, for properties having substantial damage resulting from a Governordeclared state of emergency. Takes effect 7/1/2040. (SD2)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Related To Law Enforcement.. Description: Requires law enforcement to post notice that a warranted or warrantless search has been conducted on a property. Requires a law enforcement officer to secure any entrance used by an officer in the search. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Consumer Protection.. Description: Prohibits any person from advertising, displaying, or offering a price for the rental or letting of a transient accommodation or resort time share vacation unit that does not include all taxes and fees imposed by a government entity that the renter or guest must pay. Requires a person to clearly and conspicuously display in each advertisement for the rental or letting of a transient accommodation or resort time share vacation unit a rate or price that includes all taxes and fees imposed by a government entity that the renter or guest must pay. Requires any taxes and fees that are displayed as a percentage of the cost on a booking transaction to also be displayed as a dollar amount at the time of purchase. Takes effect 7/1/2040. (SD2)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Elections.. Description: Requires the Office of Elections to file an application with Electronic Registration Information Center, Inc. (ERIC), by 6/30/2025, for the State to be admitted as a member of that organization. Requires the Office of Elections to share with each county the information and services made available by ERIC pursuant to the State's membership agreement with that organization. Requires the Office of Elections and each county office that administers elections to use information and services made available by ERIC to verify their respective voter registration rolls. Appropriates funds. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The Child Protective Act.. Description: Adds a definition for "exigent circumstances" and amends the definitions of "harm" and "imminent harm" under the Child Protective Act. Clarifies when the police may take protective custody of a child and when the Department of Human Services may assume temporary foster custody of a child when exigent circumstances are present. Creates a judicial process for filing a petition for an order for protective custody, including the circumstances where such an order may be issued without notice and without a hearing. Effective July 1, 2025. (HD2)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Indecent Exposure.. Description: Increases the criminal penalty for the offense of indecent exposure from a petty misdemeanor to a misdemeanor if the person to whom the genitals were exposed is less than 16 years of age. Provides that the state of mind requirement is not applicable to the fact that the person to whom the genitals were exposed is less than 16 years of age and that the actor is strictly liable with respect to the attendant circumstance that the person to whom the genitals were exposed was less than 16 years of age. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Education.. Description: Authorizes the Hawaii Teacher Standards Board to consider qualified individuals with at least an associate's degree or high school diploma with comparable education and coursework, industry experience, and content expertise to teach career and technical education courses. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Taxation.. Description: Requires qualified tuition reduction for graduate assistants enrolled in graduate level coursework to be considered taxable income. Restricts the qualified tuition reduction for graduate assistants enrolled in graduate level coursework to be equal to a certain percentage of the resident tuition fee. (SD2)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Financing.. Description: Appropriates funds for capital improvement projects in the State. Requires funding to be through a publicprivate partnership that meets certain requirements. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To A Wildfire Forecast System For Hawaii.. Description: Establishes a two-year program at the University of Hawaii to develop a wildfire forecast system for the State using artificial intelligence. Makes an appropriation. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The State Health Planning And Development Agency.. Description: Amends the functions and duties of the State Health Planning and Development Agency. Clarifies the definition of "health care". Establishes a task force known as the Hui Hoomana. Establishes positions. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD3)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Internships.. Description: Permits the Department of Labor and Industrial Relations to enter into contracts with eligible employers or registered apprenticeship programs in the private sector to provide on-the-job training to eligible interns. Requires the Department of Human Resources Development to collaborate with the Department of Labor and Industrial Relations for certain portions of the on-the-job-training work experience program. Provides that the State shall be the responsible employer for purposes of workers' compensation coverage for students or recent graduates in the on-the-job-training work experience program, subject to certain limitations. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD2)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The Office Of Enterprise Technology Services.. Description: Requires the Information Technology Steering Committee to assist the Chief Information Officer to develop a plan to enhance the mobile application developed to enable the public to access the State's website. Requires the Chief Information Officer's annual report of the Office of Enterprise Technology Services to include updates on the mobile application. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Government.. Description: Requires that travel reports submitted by state employees, officers, or other representatives of state departments or agencies, in connection with out-of-state or intra-state travel for purposes of official state business, be made available for public review on the Comptroller's website, subject to certain exceptions. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Kalaupapa.. Description: Requires the Department of Health to include in its annual report regarding Kalaupapa Settlement details and updated information, as available, regarding the permanent transfer to other governmental or qualified non-governmental entities of the powers and duties of the Department over Kalaupapa Settlement. Requires the Department of Health to report on its community engagement efforts with community stakeholders and the Molokai community. Sunsets on the first 6/30 after the Revisor of Statutes receives a written gubernatorial proclamation that the referenced transfer is complete. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Advisory Boards.. Description: Establishes advisory boards, focused on workforce development, for the Agribusiness Development Corporation, Hawaii Technology Development Corporation, and Natural Energy Laboratory of Hawaii Authority. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD2)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Missing Persons.. Description: Establishes a Silver Alert Program within the Department of Law Enforcement to help locate and safeguard missing persons who are sixty-five years of age or older, cognitively impaired, or developmentally disabled. Appropriates funds. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Speeding.. Description: Authorizes additional fines and penalties for convictions of speeding in a school zone. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD2)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Harassment.. Description: Prohibits a person from using a location tracker to harass, stalk, or perpetuate a crime against another person without their knowledge. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii enrolled a bill titled: Proposing An Amendment To Article Vi, Section 3, Of The Hawaii State Constitution To Increase The Mandatory Retirement Age For State Justices And Judges.. Description: Proposes a constitutional amendment to increase the mandatory retirement age for justices and judges from 70 to 75 years.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Water Quality.. Description: Requires the Department of Health to continue water sampling and analysis of Tier 1 beaches during brown water advisories, with certain exceptions and under certain conditions. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Aquaculture.. Description: Appropriates funds for mullet production for fishponds and stock enhancement, including for new positions, equipment, maintenance, and operating costs. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Election Audits.. Description: Allows the Chief Election Officer to use accurate copies of paper ballots, rather than the originals, when conducting a precinct audit of an electronic voting system's tally. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Election Audits.. Description: Reduces the number of randomly selected precincts employing an electronic voting system that the Chief Election Officer is required to conduct a post-election, pre-certification audit of from ten per cent to five per cent. Clarifies that the Chief Election Officer must audit all elections in the randomly selected precincts as a condition of using an electronic voting system to create an electronic tally of ballots. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Housing.. Description: Expands the counties' authorization to exercise the same powers as the Hawaii Housing Finance and Development Corporation for purposes of developing, constructing, financing, refinancing, or providing mixed-use developments. Applies to bond proceeds expended by a county after 12/31/2023. Sunsets 6/30/2028. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Transportation.. Description: Increases the penalties for violations of repeated driving without motor vehicle insurance and, beginning 1/1/2026, increases required motor vehicle insurance minimums. Clarifies the required coverage for shared cars that are made available through a peer-to-peer car-sharing program during the car-sharing period. Requires the Insurance Commissioner to solicit rate filings from motor vehicle insurers. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Crisis Intervention.. Description: Authorizes the Department of Law Enforcement to coordinate crisis intervention training for state and county law enforcement agencies. Establishes positions. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD2)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Crime.. Description: Establishes the offense of habitual violent crime. Requires the Department of the Attorney General to submit a report to the Legislature before the Regular Sessions of 2025 and 2026. Requires the prosecuting attorney of each county to submit data to the Department of the Attorney General for the purposes of the reports. Repeals 6/30/2027. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Noise Pollution.. Description: Establishes a separate prohibition on driving motor vehicles with noisy mufflers on public highways in high density population areas. Establishes separate fines for violations of motor scooter and motor vehicle muffler laws. Defines "high density population areas". (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Workforce Development.. Description: Amends the Hawaii Workforce Development Council law to be consistent with the General Appropriations Act of 2021. Renames "Hawaii Workforce Development Council" to "Hawaii Workforce Development Board". Requires the Hawaii Workforce Development Board and local workforce development boards to develop written conflict of interest policies. Amends provisions related to the selection of the Chairperson, duties, and powers of the Hawaii Workforce Development Board. Repeals the requirement for the Department of Labor and Industrial Relations to submit an annual report to the Legislature on the activities of the K-12 Agriculture Workforce Development Pipeline Initiative. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD2)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Alcohol.. Description: Expands the definition of "beer" under the intoxicating liquor law to mean any alcoholic beverage containing not less than 0.5% alcohol by volume obtained by fermentation of any infusion or decoction of malt or any substitute, including alcohol seltzer beverages and excluding sake, cooler beverages, and other distilled products. Authorizes brewpubs to sell beer they manufacture, or beer manufactured on their premises, subject to certain conditions. Takes effect 1/1/2025. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Ornamental Ginger.. Description: Appropriates funds for statewide research into ornamental ginger pathogens, prevention of the spread of ornamental ginger pathogens, production and distribution of pathogen-free ornamental ginger plants, and outreach to ornamental producers. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Validation Of Ballots.. Description: Changes the deadline for the validation of ballots following an election. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Public Financing For Candidates To Elected Office.. Description: Establishes a comprehensive system of public financing for all candidates seeking election to state and county public offices in the State of Hawaii, to begin with the 2028 general election year. Requires the Campaign Spending Commission to submit a progress and final report to the Legislature. (SD2)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Use Of Intoxicants While Operating A Vehicle.. Description: Lowers the blood alcohol concentration threshold for driving while under the influence of alcohol from 0.08 to 0.05.
In 2024, Hawaii enrolled a bill titled: Proposing An Amendment To Article Vi, Section 3 Of The Hawaii Constitution To Place Procedural Restrictions On The Timing Of Judicial Appointments And Confirmations.. Description: Proposes an amendment to the Hawaii State Constitution to prohibit the Judicial Selection Commission from presenting a list of judicial nominees to the Governor or Chief Justice between August 1 and November 30. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Owners Of Land.. Description: Corrects erroneous references in chapters 520 and 520A, Hawaii Revised Statutes.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Elections.. Description: Specifies that election ballots issued by the Chief Election Officer or county clerk shall exclude any candidate who is disqualified by a constitutional or statutory provision. Provides for a process for challenging an inclusion or exclusion of a candidate from a ballot. Includes a candidate's disqualification as grounds for an election contest complaint. Specifies that electors of presidential and vice presidential candidates shall not be individuals who are disqualified by a constitutional or statutory provision. Prohibits electors from voting for any presidential or vice presidential nominee who has been disqualified pursuant to section 3 of the Fourteenth Amendment to the Constitution of the United States; article XVI, section 3, of the Hawaii State Constitution; or another constitutional or statutory provision as determined by a federal court or the Supreme Court. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Hawaiian Homes Commission Act.. Description: Excludes from any waiting list maintained by the Department of Hawaiian Home Lands any lessee or successor who sells or transfers their lease on a tract of Hawaiian home lands for personal gain. Establishes that the Hawaiian Homes Commission shall have a right of first refusal for the sale or transfer of a lessee's interest in the lease when the sale or transfer is for personal gain. Takes effect 4/14/2112. (SD2)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Feral Chickens.. Description: Requires the Department of Agriculture to work with each county to implement feral chicken control programs and feeding of feral animals education campaign. Requires each county to match the funds expended by the Department of Agriculture for the implementation of the feral chicken control program and feeding of feral animals education campaign in that county. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Condominiums.. Description: Repeals the requirement that a standard proxy form authorized by the unit owners' association contain a box wherein an owner may indicate that the proxy is given to the board as a whole and that the vote is to be made on the basis of the preference of the majority of the directors present at the meeting. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Campaign Finance.. Description: Allows campaign funds to be used for a candidate's child care and vital household dependent care costs under certain conditions. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Hawaii Tourism Authority.. Description: Requires contracts entered into by the Hawaii Tourism Authority for management of the Hawaii Convention Center facility to include marketing for all uses of the facility. Amends the frequency with which the Hawaii Tourism Authority is required to submit a report of contracts and agreements it enters into. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Agriculture.. Description: Requires the Board of Agriculture to submit a report to the Legislature on the percentage of agricultural lands that are suitable for farming and actively farmed and certain dollar amounts relating to lease transfers between lessees. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Agricultural Biosecurity.. Description: Appropriates funds for the biosecurity program of the Department of Agriculture to develop and implement projects for clean plant material, agricultural treatments, diagnostics, and pest management. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Limitation Of Actions.. Description: Extends the statute of limitations for civil actions brought by persons subjected to sexual offenses as an adult against the person who committed the act. Allows a claim to be brought against legal entities during the two-year window period if there is a finding of gross negligence. Authorizes a court to award attorney's fees to a defendant when an accusation of sexual abuse was made with no basis in fact and with malicious intent. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Highway Safety.. Description: Establishes the Automated Speed Enforcement Systems Program, to be implemented by the State in only those locations where a photo red light imaging detector system has been implemented. Creates a new offense of noncompliance with maximum speed limit under an automated speed enforcement system. Appropriates funds. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Board Of Agriculture.. Description: Adds the Chairperson of the Board of Trustees of the Office of Hawaiian Affairs to the Board of Agriculture.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Department Of Transportation.. Description: Authorizes the Department of Transportation to weigh any ocean transport container offloaded at any harbor in the State and fine any company that offloads an ocean transport container having an excessive gross weight. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Medical Cannabis.. Description: Authorizes medical cannabis dispensaries to purchase cannabis and manufactured cannabis products from other dispensaries without showing that such purchase is necessary for a qualifying patient's continuous access for medical use, or for medical, scientific, or other legitimate purposes. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Family Leave.. Description: By 1/1/2027, requires the Department of Labor and Industrial Relations to establish a family and medical leave insurance program and begin collecting payroll contributions to finance payment of benefits. By 1/1/2028, requires the Department to start receiving claims and paying benefits under the program. Specifies eligibility requirements and employee protections under the program. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Education.. Description: Establishes a harm to students registry, for all early learning programs or schools and K-12 educational institutions within the State, that contains information on school employees, contractors, or volunteers for whom, as result of an investigation, a final finding has been issued that the individual has inflicted harm on a student. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Dental Hygienists.. Description: Authorizes licensed dental hygienists to perform preventive dental sealant screenings and apply dental sealants on individuals, under certain conditions, in a school-based oral health program. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Marijuana.. Description: Exempts drug paraphernalia for marijuana from certain penalties under the Uniform Controlled Substances Act. Lowers the penalties for the possession and transfer without remuneration of certain amounts of marijuana, marijuana concentrate, and marijuana-infused products. Makes smoking marijuana in a public place a violation under the offense of promoting a detrimental drug in the third degree. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Nurse Licensure Compact.. Description: Allows the Governor to enter the State into the multistate Nurse Licensure Compact, which will allow a nurse who is licensed by a home state to practice under a multi-state licensure privilege in each party state, effective 1/1/2026. Beginning 1/1/2026, allows the State Board of Nursing to charge different fees for registered nurses and licensed practical nurses who hold a multistate license issued by the State. Takes effect 7/1/2040. (SD2)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Taxation.. Description: Repeals the provision that made references to the base amount in the Internal Revenue Code inapplicable to the research activities tax credit and allowed credits for all qualified research expenses to be taken without regard to previous years' expenses. Narrows the qualifying criteria for research activities tax credits to applicants who are small businesses registered in the State. Extends the sunset date of the research activities tax credit to 12/31/2029. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Value-added Products.. Description: Establishes a food and product innovation network within the Agribusiness Development Corporation. Appropriates funds for food and product innovation facilities on the islands of Molokai, Oahu, Hawaii, Kauai, and Maui and staff. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Hawaii Invasive Species Council.. Description: Requires the Hawaii Invasive Species Council to prioritize the protection of exceptional trees from invasive species. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Generation Of Wildfire Susceptibility Maps For Hawaii.. Description: Requires the University of Hawaii to establish and implement a two-year program to develop web-GIS wildfire susceptibility and vulnerability maps for the State to determine which communities, landscapes, buildings, and infrastructure are most vulnerable to future wildfires. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Equity.. Description: Requires all places of public accommodation and state building constructions constructed after 7/31/2025, to provide universal changing accommodations that are equally accessible regardless of gender. Beginning 7/1/2025, requires bids for state building construction projects to include universal changing accommodations, when doing so is feasible and cost effective. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD2)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To State Programs.. Description: Repeals Part II of Act 66, SLH 2023, which requires the Department of Business, Economic Development, and Tourism to work with the University of Hawaii on workforce development activities that support the development of the Hawaii Pacific Hydrogen Hub and related aspects of the State's hydrogen energy industry. Repeals the appropriation to develop the Hawaii Pacific Hydrogen Hub. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Public Utilities Commission.. Description: Establishes system resilience as a metric to be monitored and considered by the Public Utilities Commission. Authorizes the use of amounts collected through the Hawaii electricity reliability surcharge by the Commission to perform certain duties. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Public Utilities Commission.. Description: Requires the Public Utilities Commission to consider the short-term and long-term retention and creation of local jobs in its review of electric utility performance. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Wastewater Systems.. Description: Establishes a 3-year new wastewater system and individual wastewater system technology demonstration and implementation pilot program within the University of Hawaii Water Resources Research Center to examine and demonstrate new wastewater and cesspool technology systems; implement those technologies in demonstration projects in areas across the State that are identified as priority level 1 in the 2021 Hawaii Cesspool Hazard Assessment and Prioritization Tool, 2021 Report and Technical Appendices; and establish similar prioritization categories for the islands of Molokai, Lanai, and Niihau. Requires the University of Hawaii Water Resource Research Center to submit annual interim reports and a final report to the Legislature. Establishes positions. Makes appropriations. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD3)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Attorneys.. Description: Requires petitions or motions for a pro hac vice appearance for a court proceeding or arbitration proceeding to be supported by evidence of local counsel's Hawaii business registration, the applicant's Hawaii general excise tax license number, an affirmation that both the applicant and local counsel shall pay all state income tax due for Hawaii business activities, and all other information or documentation required by the rules of the supreme court. Effective 4/15/2112. (SD2)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The Department Of Accounting And General Services.. Description: Clarifies that centralized computer information management and processing services shall be provided through the Chief Information Officer. Specifies that the Chief Information Officer shall be appointed by the Governor and report to the Comptroller. Provides that the salary of the Chief Information Officer shall be established by the Governor. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Geothermal Energy Exploration.. Description: Requires and appropriates funds for the Hawaii State Energy Office to conduct a statewide environmental assessment for, and subsequently administer, a geothermal resources characterization program under the direction of the Hawaii Groundwater and Geothermal Resources Center at the University of Hawaii. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Defense Of State Employees.. Description: Requires the State to defend professionally licensed or certified state employees from civil actions or proceedings, under certain circumstances. Clarifies that the employee may employ their own attorney at the employee's own expense. Establishes a process for the Attorney General to transfer or withdraw representation if the Attorney General declines to defend the employee. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Expungement.. Description: Allows persons convicted of certain criminal violations to apply to the court for an expungement order under certain circumstances. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Information Technology.. Description: Requires the Technology Services Consolidation Working Group to assist the Office of Enterprise Technology Services in working with certain state agencies to inventory and categorize the business criticality of each major state information technology system or data set and determine the appropriate data center or hosting facility requirements. Requires a report to the Legislature. Extends the working group's dissolution date to 6/30/2026. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Taxation.. Description: For taxable years beginning after December 31, 2024, temporarily reinstates the Technology Infrastructure Renovation Tax Credit and expands the definition of "technology-enabled infrastructure" to include data servers. Takes effect 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Provider Orders For Life Sustaining Treatment Form.. Description: Amends the definition of "patient's provider" in State law governing Provider Orders for Life-Sustaining Treatment by removing language that requires the provider to examine the patient. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Crime.. Description: Clarifies that the definition of "dwelling", as it relates to offenses against property rights, includes multi-unit buildings and connected parking or storage areas that are restricted to residents. Allows the owner of a multi-unit building, an owner of an individual unit, a property manager, or an authorized representative of the condominium association to act as a complainant for the purpose of investigating and prosecuting an offense of burglary in the first degree in a multi-unit building. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Procurement Preferences And Reciprocity.. Description: Establishes a new accounting services procurement preference for certain Hawaii accounting service businesses and adds it to the list of selection criteria for the procurement of professional services. Clarifies that the existing reciprocity procurement preference includes offerors under sections 103D-302 and 103D303, HRS. Repeals 6/30/2028. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Energy.. Description: Clarifies that the Chief Energy Officer is responsible for supporting the renewable portfolio standards and reporting on certain energy matters. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Hunting Guides.. Description: Requires hunting guides who take their clients to hunt on private lands to first obtain written permission from the owner of the private land, or occupier or holder, where appropriate. Requires hunting guides to provide copies of the written permissions obtained to hunt on private lands as part of their annual reports to the Department of Land and Natural Resources. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Hawaii Retirement Savings Act.. Description: Clarifies the definition of "covered employer" under the Hawaii Retirement Savings Act. Requires covered employers to automatically enroll covered employees into the Hawaii Retirement Savings Program unless the employee chooses to opt out. Repeals and lapses the funds appropriated into and out of the Hawaii Retirement Savings Special Fund in Act 296, Session Laws of Hawaii 2022. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD2)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Community Outreach Court.. Description: Permanently establishes and appropriates funds for the Community Outreach Court as a division of the District Court of the First Circuit. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD3)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Invasive Species.. Description: Provides that each lease that the Department of Agriculture enters into, renews, or extends shall authorize DOA to enter the leased premises with prior notification to survey for, identify, investigate, control, or eradicate pests; work cooperatively with a lessee to seek funding and develop a plan to maintain control of any pests on the leased premises; and terminate the lease if the lessee refuses entry to DOA or refuses to work cooperatively with DOA toward the control or eradication of pests. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD2)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Animal Endangerment.. Description: Prohibits intentionally leaving or confining pet animals in a vehicle under conditions that endanger their health, safety, or well-being. Permits law enforcement officers, animal control officers, and firefighters to enter an unattended vehicle to protect the health, safety, or well-being of a pet animal that is endangered by being left or confined in an unattended vehicle. Allows private citizens to rescue a pet animal that has been left in an unattended vehicle under certain circumstances. Takes effect 4/14/2112. (SD2)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Veterinary Medicine.. Description: Prohibits animal owners and their employees from performing any surgical procedures on the owner's animal or animals. Provides a violation for unlicensed practice of veterinary medicine is a misdemeanor subject to a fine of no more than $1,000, or imprisonment of no more than one year, or both. Clarifies that the offense of cruelty to animals in the first degree does not apply to accepted veterinary practices when the practices are performed by a licensed veterinarian. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Related To Public Parks.. Description: Prohibits counties from prohibiting leashed dogs in public parks. Prohibits persons from leaving dog excrement on public or private property. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Workplace Safety.. Description: Allows a person who employs or contracts with a health care worker who suffers an act of violence at the health care facility to report the event to law enforcement and petition for a temporary restraining order and injunction under certain circumstances. (SD2)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The Environment.. Description: Prohibits the mining, extraction, and removal of minerals from the seabed in all state marine waters, with certain exemptions. Prohibits the issuance of any permit for or in connection with the development or operation of any facility or infrastructure associated with the mining, extraction, or removal of minerals from the seabed within state marine waters. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Burial Sites.. Description: Imposes a fine on any private landowner that fails to disclose or record with the Bureau of Conveyances, or in documents used to offer real property for sale, the existence of burial or archaeological sites on their property that the landowner knew or should have known of. Requires fines collected to be deposited into the Hawaii Historic Preservation Special Fund. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Boards And Commissions.. Description: Clarifies that the prohibition against board and commission holdover members from holding office beyond the end of the second regular legislative session following the expiration of the member's term of office takes precedence over any conflicting statutes.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Public Employee Compensation.. Description: Prohibits a board or commission from authorizing a base salary for a position and prohibits an employee from receiving a base salary, in excess of the amount designated in the budget enacted by the Legislature or other legislative enactment, unless approved by the Legislature. Takes effect 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Sexual Abuse Of Minors.. Description: Expands the time period by which a civil action for childhood sexual abuse committed on or after July 1, 2024, may be initiated. Authorizes a court to require personnel of legal entities to undergo training on trauma-informed response. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Health Care.. Description: Beginning 1/1/2026, requires health insurers, mutual benefit societies, and health maintenance organizations to provide health insurance coverage for various sexual and reproductive health care services. Applies this coverage to health benefits plans under the Hawaii Employer-Union Health Benefits Trust Fund. Requires the Insurance Division of the Department of Commerce and Consumer Affairs to submit a report to the Legislature. Establishes a Reproductive Health Care Working Group. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To County Labor Standards.. Description: Authorizes the counties to require contractors to disclose information regarding its employees' wages, benefits, hours, and employment status and deny, revoke, or suspend a building permit application for violating laws relating to wages, benefits, hours, and employment status, under certain conditions. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD3)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Real Property.. Description: Requires the Legislative Reference Bureau to conduct a study and report on the forty-one states in the country that have enacted laws limiting the sale of real property to foreign individuals or entities, and how those laws and related constitutional precedents could inform demand-side regulations for the real estate market in Hawaii in favor of resident ownership, specifically owner-occupied resident ownership. Makes an appropriation. Declares that the general fund expenditure ceiling is exceeded. Takes effect 7/1/2040. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Pedestrians.. Description: Authorizes pedestrians to cross roadways in a manner contrary to the statewide traffic code under certain circumstances. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD2)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Arrest Photographs.. Description: Prohibits commercial website operators from publishing mugshots. Establishes exemptions.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Public Agency Meetings.. Description: Require the third meeting of a board to deliberate and act on a matter investigated by a group of its members to be held at least six days after the second meeting. Takes effect 4/14/2112. (SD2)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Hawaiian Homes Commission Act.. Description: Amends the Hawaiian Homes Commission Act to authorize the Department of Hawaiian Home Lands to provide cash awards to beneficiaries on the waiting list in lieu of a lease. Amends the Hawaiian Home Loan Fund to be allow for the use of cash award payments. Requires the Department of Hawaiian Home Lands to remove those beneficiaries from the waiting list. Specifies that beneficiaries who accept a cash reward shall lose their right to return to the waiting list, but remain entitled to other rights provided by the Hawaiian Homes Commission Act. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Compliance On Hawaiian Home Lands.. Description: Establishes a compliance program within the Department of Hawaiian Home Lands to investigate complaints, conduct investigations, and cooperate with law enforcement authorities to ensure compliance with laws. Appropriates moneys. Declares that the general fund expenditure ceiling is exceeded. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Budget.. Description: Expands items that may be contained in the state budget to include information related to vacant positions for reclassification or abolishment. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Makahiki Commemoration Day.. Description: Amends the date of Makahiki Commemoration Day. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Regenerative Tourism.. Description: Incorporates a regenerative framework into the Hawaii State Planning Act by expanding objectives and policies for the visitor industry. Requires periodic updates to the Tourism Functional Plan, specifies elements to be included in the Tourism Functional plan, and requires an update to the Tourism Functional Plan to be submitted to the Legislature no later than twenty days prior to the convening of the Regular Session of 2025. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Insurance.. Description: Requires that the authorized insurance benefits for chiropractic treatments for personal injury protection benefits under motor vehicle insurance be tied to the charges, and any subsequent increases in charges, permissible under the workers' compensation supplemental medical schedule. Takes effect 7/1/2075. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Energy Efficiency.. Description: Requires that a demand water heater device be approved by any nationally recognized testing laboratory, rather than just Underwriters Laboratories, Inc., for the acceptance of a variance application. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Lead Poisoning.. Description: Beginning 1/1/2025, requires physicians to perform or order lead screening tests for minor patients at certain intervals as recommended by the Department of Health and make an entry of the lead screening test in the minor patient's record. Requires the Department of Health to adopt recommendations for lead screening tests. Provides certain exemptions for the mandatory lead screening tests of minors for lead poisoning. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Defamation.. Description: Protects individuals who make claims of sexual assault, sexual harassment, or sex discrimination from defamation lawsuits unless the claims were made with malice. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Abusive Litigation.. Description: Beginning 1/1/2026, establishes judicial procedures to prevent and remedy abusive litigation. Requires the courts to create new forms by 1/1/2025. Requires the Judiciary to provide training to judges by 7/1/2025. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Disclosure Of Personal Information Of Certain Public Servants.. Description: Establishes within the State's Address Confidentiality Program protection for public servants that prohibits upon written request from the public servant or representative any person or organization from disclosing certain personal information. Establishes the offense of unlawful publication of personal information that prohibits any person or organization from knowingly disclosing protected personal information of public officials with the intent to cause reputational harm, emotional injury, or bodily injury. Takes effect 9/1/2024. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Elections.. Description: Prohibits a person from recklessly distributing, or entering into an agreement with another person to distribute, materially deceptive media, subject to certain exceptions. Establishes criminal penalties for distributing materially deceptive media. Establishes remedies for parties injured by the distribution of materially deceptive media. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Dangerous Dogs.. Description: Establishes requirements and penalties for owners of dangerous dogs. Allows for impounding of dangerous dogs under certain conditions. Takes effect 1/1/2025. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To States Of Emergency.. Description: Establishes the offense of charitable fraud during a state of emergency. Provides that a person commits charitable fraud during a state of emergency if that person, during a state of emergency proclaimed by the Governor, performs certain deceptive acts or practices in connection with the solicitation of a contribution to assist persons affected by a disaster or emergency. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Privacy.. Description: Adds definitions of "identifier" and "specified data element" and amends the definition of "personal information" for the purposes of notifying affected persons of data and security breaches under existing state law that governs the security breach of personal information. Includes licensees subject to the Insurance Data Security Law among the businesses deemed compliant with security breach notice requirements under existing state law. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Professional Licensure.. Description: Requires the Department of Commerce and Consumer Affairs to revoke the licenses of architects who have been, or caused a government employee to be, convicted of a criminal offense involving the acceptance of a bribe. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Expungement Of Criminal Records.. Description: Establishes the Clean Slate Expungement Task Force to develop a state-initiated record clearing program. Requires the Task Force to submit reports to the Legislature. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Culture And Arts.. Description: Establishes the Hawaii Leadership Awards Program to honor individuals who have made considerable and outstanding contributions to Hawaii and serve as inspirations to others. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Unfair Labor Practices.. Description: Makes it unlawful for an employer to discharge, discipline, or otherwise penalize or threaten any adverse employment action against an employee because the employee declines to attend or participate in an employer-sponsored meeting that communicates the opinion of the employer about political matters, or declines to receive or listen to a communication from the employer that communicates the opinion of the employer about political matters. Defines "employee" and "political matters". (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Related To Administrative Procedures.. Description: Allows the Hawaii Labor Relations Board to admit and consider hearsay evidence. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Ocean Recreation.. Description: Clarifies the penalties for violations of ocean recreation laws. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Pass-through Entity Taxation.. Description: For taxable years beginning after 12/31/2023, adds a definition for "qualified member" and repeals the definitions for "direct member" and "indirect member" as used in the State's passthrough entity taxation election law. Amends the passthrough entity level tax rate to be the sum of all qualified member's distributive shares and guaranteed payments of Hawaii taxable income, as calculated under chapter 235, HRS, multiplied by 9%. For pass-through entities electing to pay Hawaii income taxes at the entity level, allows certain qualified members entitled to a tax credit to use the credit against the member's net income tax liability in subsequent years until exhausted. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Condominiums.. Description: Requires the Legislative Reference Bureau to conduct a study on how certain other states approach the following subjects as they relate to condominiums: an ombudsman, licenses for management, alternative dispute resolution, governmental regulation, owner education, and owner access to documents. Extends the deadline for the final report and the cease date for the Condominium Property Regime Task Force to 6/30/2026. Makes appropriations. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Condominiums.. Description: Allows condominiums to be eligible for commercial property assessed financing. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD2)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Appraisal Management Companies.. Description: Reestablishes the Appraisal Management Company Registration Program within the Department of Commerce and Consumer Affairs to conform with the minimum standards of the Appraisal Management Companies Final Rule and federal Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act. Reestablishes registration requirements, standards, and penalties for violations. Makes appropriations from the Compliance Resolution Fund. Effective / /2050, 7/1/2050, and 9/30/2050. (SD2)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Transparency.. Description: Authorizes the Insurance Commissioner to disclose records, including but not limited to Supplemental Compensation Exhibits, submitted to the Insurance Commissioner that describe the name, title, or compensation of the directors, trustees, officers, or employees of insurers, mutual benefit societies, health maintenance organizations, or dental insurers. Provides that the disclosure of the records shall not constitute a clearly unwarranted invasion of personal privacy under section 92F-13, HRS. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Special License Plates For Iraq And Afghanistan War Veterans.. Description: Authorizes the issuance of special number plates to honor veterans of the Iraq and Afghanistan wars. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Driver Licensing.. Description: Requires the driver's license examination to test the applicant's knowledge of the dangers that larger motor vehicles present to pedestrians and bicyclists. Requires persons who commit the offense of excessively speeding or habitually driving while intoxicated to retake and pass the driver's license examination for each offense. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD2)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Harbor Safety.. Description: Requires the Department of Transportation to require that the securing of mooring lines from vessels to commercial docks, wharves, piers, quays, and landings be performed by labor subject to collective bargaining. Sunsets 7/1/2028. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Aircraft.. Description: Requires the Director of Transportation to adopt rules that require tour aircraft operators to have aircraft liability insurance coverage no less than $20,000,000 per person per incident. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD2)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Building Codes.. Description: Clarifies that no state or county building code shall prohibit the use of a substitute refrigerant allowed by the United States Environmental Protection Agency if the applicable equipment is listed and installed in compliance with the latest safety standards. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Sex Trafficking.. Description: Aligns state sex trafficking laws with federal law by making the commercial sexual exploitation of a minor a form of sex trafficking. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Sex Trafficking.. Description: Authorizes civil claims to be made against a business, owner of a business, or operator of a business that profits from sexual exploitation. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Land Leases.. Description: Prohibits the State from leasing any public lands, or extending the lease of any public lands, to any individual, corporation, or federal agency that is in arrears in the payment of certain moneys to the State, noncompliant with a consent decree or memoranda of agreement with the State that requires environmental maintenance or remediation with regard to the subject public lands, or convicted of a crime. Requires certification by the Office of the Governor before the issuance or extension of any federal lease that the individual, corporation, or federal agency is in good standing with the State. Provides that, if any existing lessee of public lands is found not to be in good standing with the State as of the effective date of this Act, the lessee shall have three years, or until the end of the lease term, whichever is sooner, to correct the violation or the lease shall be terminated. Takes effect 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Rent Control.. Description: Prohibits a landlord from renting or leasing, or offering to rent or lease, a dwelling unit in a rent-controlled county at a rate that exceeds the rate established by resolution adopted by the appropriate county council, subject to certain exceptions. Applies to any county having a population greater than 120,000 but less than 180,000. Repeals 7/1/2029. Takes effect 7/1/2030. (SD2)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Department Of Business, Economic Development, And Tourism.. Description: Transfers the State Foundation on Culture and the Arts and the King Kamehameha Celebration Commission to the Department of Business, Economic Development, and Tourism. Requires the Governor to select the Executive Director of the State Foundation on Culture and the Arts, with the advice and consent of the Senate. Takes effect 1/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Greenhouse Gas Emissions.. Description: Requires the state energy office to adopt rules governing a clean fuel standard for alternative fuels in the State. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Renewable Energy.. Description: Allows the counties to establish, by ordinance, an opt-in program that allows an annual payment in lieu of real property taxes on the land or improvements thereon that are actively used to produce or store renewable energy that is sold to an electric utility. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Related To Electronic Information Technology.. Description: Requires the Office of Enterprise Technology Services to develop multilingual accessibility standards. Appropriates funds to establish one full-time equivalent (1.0 FTE) position to develop multilingual accessibility standards within the Office of Enterprise Technology Services. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Immigration.. Description: Establishes within the Department of Labor and Industrial Relations' Office of Community Services the Immigration Services and Access Unit. Makes appropriations for the unit, including funding for new positions. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Water Infrastructure.. Description: Directs the Department of Agriculture, in collaboration with the Agribusiness Development Corporation and the counties, to conduct an agricultural water infrastructure study for the State of Hawaii. Appropriates moneys. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The University Of Hawaii College Of Tropical Agriculture And Human Resources.. Description: Makes an appropriation to the University of Hawaii to establish five full-time equivalent (5.0 FTE) faculty positions at the College of Tropical Agriculture and Human Resources. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Traffic Safety.. Description: Requires vehicles traveling ten miles per hour or more below the posted speed limit on a two-lane highway, behind which five vehicles are formed in a line, to pull over where possible to let the trailing vehicles pass or overtake. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Conversion Of Positions In The Department Of Accounting And General Services.. Description: Requires the Department of Accounting and General Services to convert vacant Engineer (Buildings) V positions to Project Manager II positions and requires that the salaries of the converted positions be comparable to Project Manager II class, SR-26.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The County Transient Accommodations Tax.. Description: Authorizes the Department of Taxation, under certain circumstances, to assist a county in levying, assessing, collecting, and otherwise administering the county transient accommodations tax, including delinquencies and penalties, for a 6-year period beginning 1/1/2025. Appropriates moneys. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Traffic Code.. Description: Specifies that the counties may issue traffic infractions for violations of any law prohibiting or restricting the stopping, standing, or parking of vehicles on highways. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The Landlord-tenant Code.. Description: Amends the Residential Landlord-Tenant Code to provide for a process to dispose of the tenant's personal property and surrender the dwelling unit to a landlord when there is a death of a tenant. Takes effect 11/1/2024. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Maui's Permanent Housing Recovery.. Description: Establishes within the Department of Business, Economic Development, and Tourism the Interagency Council for Maui Housing Recovery to coordinate and facilitate Maui's permanent housing recovery and facilitate consultation and collaboration between state and county agencies on housing recovery initiatives for the island of Maui. Designates the executive director of the Hawaii Housing Finance and Development Corporation to serve as chair of the council. Makes an appropriation. Sunsets 6/30/2034. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD2)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The Oahu Regional Health Care System, Hawaii Health Systems Corporation.. Description: Requires the transfer of the Maui State Veterans Home to a state agency having a Maui affiliation, in a manner and to an extent that may be negotiated between the Oahu Regional Health Care System or state agency having a Maui affiliation and the Department of Defense. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Water Safety Day.. Description: Designates May 15 of each year as Water Safety Day. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Wildfire Safety And Prevention.. Description: Establishes the Wildfire Mitigation Working Group to develop a state wildfire mitigation plan and advise and make recommendations to state agencies concerning the State's wildfire safety and prevention efforts. Requires report to Legislature. Makes an appropriation. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Firearms.. Description: Prohibits a person from selling ammunition to a person under the age of twenty-one. Prohibits a person under the age of twenty-one from owning, possessing, or controlling ammunition, with exceptions. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Cemeteries.. Description: Authorizes the Director of Commerce and Consumer Affairs to appoint an organization as the limited owner of a cemetery, under certain circumstances, for the purposes of filing complaints and engaging in certain security and perpetual care activities for the cemetery. Requires an appointed limited owner of a cemetery to submit annual progress reports to the Department of Commerce and Consumer Affairs. Takes effect 7/1/2040. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Land Court.. Description: Authorizes the use of a master certificate of title for new common interest communities to simplify and streamline the operation of the land court. Takes effect 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Exclusive Listing Agreements.. Description: Makes certain long-term exclusive listing agreements for the sale of residential real property void and unenforceable under the state law that governs unfair and deceptive practices. Prohibits the recording or filing of exclusive listing agreements of any duration with the Bureau of Conveyances. Establishes certain remedies. Takes effect 11/1/2024. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Capital Improvement Projects.. Description: By July 1, 2025, requires governmental bodies of the executive branch of the State to develop an online project management platform. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Homelessness.. Description: Establishes a working group to develop a Homeless Triage and Treatment Center Program within the Statewide Office of Homelessness and Housing Solutions in the Department of Human Services. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD2)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Capital Improvement Projects.. Description: Requires the Department of Accounting and General Services to develop or license cloud-based software for use by each state department or agency to track the status of its capital improvement projects and provide training for the software. Requires each department or agency to use the software to track the status of its capital improvement projects. Declares that the general fund expenditure ceiling is exceeded. Makes an appropriation. Takes effect 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Emergency Management.. Description: Amends emergency management law to protect tenants, mortgagors, consumers, and residents for certain periods of time after the issuance of a gubernatorial or mayoral emergency proclamation. (SD2)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Emergency Management.. Description: Clarifies the powers of the Governor and mayors to extend or terminate a state of emergency. Clarifies when proclamations take effect. Prohibits residential rent increases in areas subject to emergency declarations or severe weather warnings. Shortens and clarifies the duration of price control periods and the prohibition against residential-tenancy terminations. Effective 1/1/3000. (HD2)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To State Snails.. Description: Designates certain snail species as official state snails.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Property.. Description: Clarifies the counties' authority to regulate the time, place, manner, and duration in which uses of land and structures may take place. Clarifies that uses that include the provision of transient accommodations are not considered residential uses and may be phased out or amortized by the counties. Beginning 1/1/2025, expands the scope of the transient accommodations tax law to include certain shelters and vehicles with sleeping accommodations. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Public Utilities.. Description: Creates a process for electric utilities to develop and submit wildfire protection plans to the Public Utilities Commission for approval and allow the recovery of related costs and expenses through securitization, while avoiding a disproportionate impact on a specific ratepayer or county. Requires public utilities to report wildfires potentially caused by or occurring in connection with their operations. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD3)
In 2024, Hawaii enrolled a bill titled: Proposing An Amendment To Article Vi, Section 3 Of The Hawaii Constitution To Make The Senate Confirmation Process For Judicial Appointments More Uniform.. Description: Proposes amendments to the Constitution of the State of Hawaii relating to the appointment of justices and judges. Makes the appointment and senate consent procedure for district court judges the same as the appointment and senate consent procedure for supreme court justices and intermediate court of appeals and circuit court judges. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Access To Learning.. Description: Repeals the sunset date for the exemption of laboratory school programs of the Hawaiian language college at the University of Hawaii at Hilo from state English-medium standards, assessments, performance ratings, staff qualifications, and staff training requirements. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Employment Of A Minor.. Description: Allows minors under the age of sixteen to work in theatrical employment provided that the employer procures a valid certificate of employment and the minor is accompanied by a parent, guardian, or a certain responsible adult. Requires a nurse certified in basic life support to accompany, supervise, and advocate on behalf of a minor who is under the age of one. Requires a set teacher to be on set to teach a minor who has attained the age of five years and is required to but has been excused from attending school. Defines "nurse" and "set teacher". Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Workforce Development.. Description: Establishes a commercial drivers workforce working group within the Department of Transportation to address the workforce shortage of commercial drivers in the State. Requires a report to the Legislature. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Transportation.. Description: Establishes a Task Force to conduct a statewide study on the accessibility of ignition interlock devices and any national best practices. (SD2)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Housing.. Description: Beginning 1/1/2025, permits residential uses in certain areas zoned for commercial use under certain circumstances. Requires, no later than 1/1/2026, each county to adopt or amend ordinances to allow for adaptive reuse of existing commercial buildings in the county's building codes. Effective 1/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The East Kauai Irrigation System.. Description: Appropriates funds to the Agribusiness Development Corporation to establish positions to maintain and improve the East Kauai irrigation system and for maintenance of and improvements to the system. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Statutory Revision: Amending Or Repealing Various Provisions Of The Hawaii Revised Statutes Or The Session Laws Of Hawaii For The Purposes Of Correcting Errors And References, Clarifying Language, Or Deleting Obsolete Or Unnecessary Provisions.. Description: Amends or repeals various provisions of the Hawaii Revised Statutes or the Session Laws of Hawaii for the purposes of correcting errors and references, clarifying language, or deleting obsolete or unnecessary provisions. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Taxation.. Description: Establishes a refundable income tax credit for medically-related travel expenses not covered or compensated by insurance or otherwise. Effective 12/31/2050. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Farmers.. Description: Requires that lessees and purchasers of farm lots and ranch lots use that land for farming and producing food, under certain conditions. Authorizes certain agricultural cooperative associations to apply for farm lots. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Economic Development.. Description: Establishes a Business Revitalization Task Force within the Department of Business, Economic Development, and Tourism to identify methods to improve Hawaii's general economic competitiveness and business climate, including the mitigation of regulatory and tax burdens. Requires a report to the Legislature. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Unlicensed Contractors.. Description: Authorizes the imposition of a penalty for unlicensed individuals performing certain work that requires a contractor license, including the offering or performing of repairs or improvements to existing structures and property and tearing down or rebuilding structures and property that were damaged or destroyed due to a natural disaster. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Education.. Description: Changes the Department of Education's quarterly report requirement on autism spectrum disorder to an annual report. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Solicitation Of Funds From The Public.. Description: Beginning 1/1/2026, authorizes the Department of the Attorney General to regulate charitable fundraising platforms and platform charities. Includes provisions relating to the misuse of funds. Imposes vicarious liability upon a platform charity for a charitable fundraising platform's misuse of funds, and vice versa. Takes effect 1/1/2026. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Collective Bargaining Unit Creation.. Description: Requires the Hawaii Labor Relations Board to adopt rules establishing criteria and procedures for the creation of new bargaining units. Requires certain employees or any employer or exclusive representative proposing a new bargaining unit to submit an application to the Board. Allows certain employees or any employer or exclusive representative to petition the Board to determine the appropriateness of a new bargaining unit. Requires the Board to consider certain criteria in determining the appropriateness of a new bargaining unit. Requires the Board to, upon its approval of the application, submit a report to the Legislature, including proposed legislation to create the new bargaining unit, accompanied by a decision and order issued by the Board. Makes an appropriation. Repeals 7/1/2027. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Mental Health.. Description: Beginning 7/1/2024, and every ten years thereafter, requires the Department of Health to convene an Advisory Committee on Mental Health Code Review. Requires reports to the Legislature after each convening of the Advisory Committee. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Public Utilities.. Description: Creates a process for electric utilities to develop and submit risk-based wildfire protection plans to the Public Utilities Commission for approval. Requires public utilities to report wildfires potentially caused by or occurring in connection with their operations. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Menstrual Products.. Description: Requires the Department of Accounting and General Services to provide menstrual products at no cost in specified restrooms in public buildings maintained by the department. (SD2)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Making An Appropriation To Implement The Recommendations Of The Task Force On Mobility Management, Established Pursuant To Act 214, Session Laws Of Hawaii 2013.. Description: Appropriates funds to the Department of Transportation to implement the recommendations of Task Force on Mobility Management, established pursuant to Act 214, SLH 2013, in consultation with the Aging and Disability Resource Center of the Executive Office on Aging and other stakeholder groups. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD2)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Convention Center.. Description: Exempts the Convention Center from certain requirements regarding concessions on public property. Authorizes the Hawaii Tourism Authority to sell or lease naming rights of the Hawaii Convention Center Facility. Facilitates advertising and marketing in and on the Hawaii Convention Center Facility. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Hiring.. Description: Authorizes a state department, division, or agency, rather than the Department of Human Resources Development, to conduct a minimum qualification review of applicants for vacant positions within the department, division, or agency. Requires the Department of Human Resources Development to provide state departments, divisions, and agencies the applications received for vacancies under certain circumstances. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii enrolled a bill titled: Proposing Amendments To Article Vii, Sections 12 And 13, Of The Hawaii Constitution To Expressly Provide That The Legislature May Authorize The Counties To Issue Tax Increment Bonds And To Exclude Tax Increment Bonds From Determinations Of The Funded Debt Of The Counties.. Description: Proposes amendments to the Constitution of the State of Hawaii to expressly provide that the Legislature may authorize political subdivisions, such as counties, to issue tax increment bonds, and to exclude tax increment bonds in calculating the debt limit of the political subdivisions. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Department Of Law Enforcement.. Description: Specifies the responsibilities of the Department of Law Enforcement's Sheriff Division regarding judicial and legislative security. Requires the Sheriff Division to pursue, obtain, and maintain accreditation from the Commission on Accreditation for Law Enforcement Agencies, Inc. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Renewable Energy.. Description: Requires the Department of Land and Natural Resources to work with utility companies and other renewable energy developers on leasing processes to expedite the development of renewable energy. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Noise.. Description: Makes it unlawful for any person to operate a weed whacker in or within one hundred feet of a residential zone, subject to certain exceptions. Extends the time for the use of leaf blowers and weed whackers within or near residential zones. Provides exceptions for government entities and agents acting on behalf of government entities during emergencies. Defines weed whacker. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Transportation.. Description: Renames the Electric Bicycle and Electric Moped Rebate Program to the Electric Mobility Rebate Program. Expands eligibility and amends the maximum rebate amounts. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Transportation.. Description: Establishes a transportation network company, taxicab, and limousine fee. Provides for the deposit of the transportation network company, taxicab, and limousine fees collected into the Safe Routes to School Program special fund. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Hemp.. Description: Repeals the requirement for additional rules by the Department of Agriculture to address nuisance issues, including smell, noise, and excessive lighting arising out of the activities of hemp growers. Clarifies that the Department of Agriculture shall not require inspections or sampling of hemp that duplicates inspections or sampling required by the United States Department of Agriculture. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Pesticides.. Description: Replaces representatives from the sugar and pineapple industries with representatives of the coffee and diversified agriculture industries on the Advisory Committee on Pesticides. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Physical Evidence.. Description: Amends the criminal offense statute for tampering with physical evidence to adopt the wording of the Model Penal Code for the same offense. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Penal Liability.. Description: Explicitly categorizes defenses based on intoxication that is not self-induced or is pathological as affirmative defenses. Sunsets 7/1/2034. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Offenses Against Public Health And Morals.. Description: Clarifies the definition of "profits from prostitution" to include money or property received regardless of expenditures or if it was a reimbursement or repayment of a debt. Amends the sex trafficking and promoting prostitution criminal offense statutes by inserting relevant definitions in those statutes and repealing a statute that is no longer needed. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Promoting Pornography For Minors.. Description: Amends the offense of promoting pornography for minors by allowing the prosecution of persons who provide pornographic materials to undercover law enforcement officers who represent themselves as minors for purposes of undercover operations. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Hawaii Community Development Authority.. Description: Authorizes the Hawaii Community Development Authority to render services to and assist state and county agencies upon request. (SD2)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Stadium Authority.. Description: Clarifies requirements to establish a quorum to do business and validate acts of the Stadium Authority. Takes effect 1/1/2060. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To A Climate Adaption And Resilience Implementation Plan.. Description: Requires the Office of Planning and Sustainable Development to develop and publish a statewide climate adaptation and resilience implementation plan. Declares that the general fund expenditure ceiling is exceeded. Makes an appropriation. Takes effect 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Hurricane Reserve Trust Fund.. Description: Moves the Hurricane Reserve Trust Fund into the state treasury and makes other housekeeping amendments relating to the Fund. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The Employees' Retirement System Funding Period.. Description: Lowers the Employees' Retirement System's funding period to amortize the System's total unfunded accrued liability. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Insurance.. Description: Amends various sections of article 11 of the Insurance Code to adopt revisions to the National Association of Insurance Commissioners Model No. 440, Insurance Holding Company System Regulatory Act. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Hawaii National Guard.. Description: Exempts Hawaii National Guard service members activated by the Governor or the Governor's designated representative to state active duty from enrollment in the Employees' Retirement System of the State of Hawaii. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Hawaii National Guard.. Description: Authorizes the payment of allowances for TRICARE Reserve Select coverages to junior officers, warrant officers, or enlisted personnel of the Hawaii National Guard ordered to active duty for more than thirty days in service to the State. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Early Learning.. Description: Authorizes early learning programs to be established on public school campuses and other available public buildings. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Education.. Description: Requires that licensed teachers have their license revoked by the Hawaii Teacher Standards Board if the teacher is resigning or retiring during the pendency of any investigation into allegations of sexual assault, sexual harassment, or other physical abuse of a student. Requires a licensed teacher to surrender their license if the teacher retires or resigns from teaching before the completion of an investigation. Requires the Hawaii Teacher Standards Board to report the surrendered license to the National Association of State Directors of Teacher Education and Certification. Takes effect 4/14/2112. (SD2)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Making An Emergency Appropriation To The Department Of Education For Food Services.. Description: Makes an emergency appropriation to the Department of Education for its food service operations. Declares that the general fund expenditure ceiling is exceeded. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Making An Emergency Appropriation To The Department Of Education For Charter Schools.. Description: Makes an emergency appropriation to the Department of Education for charter school operations. Declares that the general fund expenditure ceiling is exceeded. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Peer Support Specialists.. Description: Establishes a Peer Support Specialist Working Group within the Office of Wellness and Resilience to develop and make recommendations for a framework for peer support specialists in the State. Requires the working group to submit a report to the Legislature before the Regular Session of 2025. Sunsets the working group on 6/30/2025. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Employees Retirement System.. Description: Reduces the minimum number of years of credited service qualified Tier 2 Employees' Retirement System members must have to be eligible for vested benefit status for service retirement allowance purposes from ten years to five years. Appropriates funds for investments of the ERS. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Energy.. Description: Requires an attestation or declaration regarding project labor standards, including adherence to state-approved apprenticeship programs and prevailing wage requirements, for large-scale renewable energy generation covered projects. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD2)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The Department Of Hawaiian Home Lands.. Description: Establishes the Act 279 Special Fund until 6/30/2026. Deposits certain unexpended and unencumbered funds appropriated through Act 279, Session Laws of Hawaii 2022, that are set to lapse on 6/30/2024 into the Act 279 Special Fund and appropriates funds out of the special fund. Lapses unencumbered monies from the appropriation out of the Act 279 Special Fund on 6/30/2026. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Child Abuse And Neglect Central Registry.. Description: Clarifies that a confirmed report of harm or threatened harm, as defined in chapter 587A, HRS, or child abuse and neglect, as defined in chapter 350, HRS, will result in the perpetrator's name being maintained in the central registry. Clarifies when a confirmed report may be expunged from the central registry, and establishes a process for expungement upon request. Takes effect 12/31/2050. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The Dam And Appurtenance Improvement Or Removal Grant Program.. Description: Establishes the Dam and Appurtenance Improvement or Removal Grant Program Special Fund to receive moneys for the Dam and Appurtenance Improvement or Removal Grant Program. Appropriates funds into and out of the Special Fund for the Dam and Appurtenance Improvement or Removal Grant Program. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The Preschool Open Doors Program.. Description: Establishes that the priority of selection for participation in the Preschool Open Doors Program applies only during the priority application period that occurs prior to the start of each state fiscal year. Establishes that applications received after the start of the fiscal year through January 31 shall be processed continuously through the fiscal year on a first-come, firstserved basis. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Hawaii Public Housing Authority.. Description: Establishes the position of Housing Policy and Program Coordinator in the Hawaii Public Housing Authority. Clarifies that the employment of certain positions and the adjustment of salaries are authorized by the Executive Director and not the Board of Directors of the Hawaii Public Housing Authority. Deletes the wage ceiling requirement for positions in the Hawaii Public Housing Authority. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Hawaii Public Housing Authority.. Description: Clarifies the Hawaii Public Housing Authority's powers relating to housing projects. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Public Health Standing Orders.. Description: Authorizes the Director of Health to issue public health standing orders for patients to self-refer to certain health care screening services. Establishes requirements for the provision of items or services pursuant to a public health standing order. Establishes the Public Health Standing Orders Working Group. Sunsets 6/30/2027. (HD2)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Access To Vital Records For The Department Of Hawaiian Home Lands.. Description: Authorizes the Department of Hawaiian Home Lands to access vital records for purposes of verifying Native Hawaiian ancestry for beneficiary programs. Requires the Department of Health and the Department of Hawaiian Home Lands to enter into a Memorandum of Agreement to assure appropriate access and handling of confidential records and sealed records that have been unsealed pursuant to court order. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Licensing.. Description: Authorizes the Director of Health to permit online access to apply for marriage and civil union licenses in lieu of in-person applications, as specified in rules adopted pursuant to chapter 91, Hawaii Revised Statutes.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Medical Care For Minors.. Description: Authorizes minors who are at least fourteen years old to consent to medical care and services for sexually transmitted infections, pregnancy, and family planning services, including the prevention of sexually transmitted infections. Requires confidentiality policies and practices for insurers and health care providers. Effective 1/1/2025. (HD2)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Emergency Aeromedical Services.. Description: Establishes an Emergency Aeromedical Services Partnership Program to be administered by the Department of Health in counties with a population less than 500,000. Requires cost-sharing for program operations and maintenance and revenue sharing between the State and Counties of Hawaii, Kauai, and Maui. Authorizes deposits into the Emergency Medical Services Special Fund. Requires rulemaking. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Act 212, Session Laws Of Hawaii 2021.. Description: Extends the transfer of the Oahu Regional Health Care System (Oahu Region) from the Hawaii Health Systems Corporation to the Department of Health to 12/31/2026. Requires the working group established by Act 212, SLH 2021, to submit a report to the Legislature on updates to the operating and budget plan and pro forma capital improvements plan and a breakdown of costs related to the transfer. Requires the Oahu Region to enter into an agreement with the Department of Health regarding the Oahu Region taking care of low acuity patients in the Department's custody by the end of 2024. Requires the Oahu Region to report to the Legislature. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Health.. Description: Establishes the Hui Hoomana Task Force within the State Health Planning and Development Agency to develop a comprehensive plan to provide universal access to equitable and affordable high-quality health care for state residents, including defining action plan items, setting timeline and deadline for each action item, and identifying resources required and funding options. Requires reports to the Legislature. Dissolves the Hui Hoomana Task Force on 7/1/2025. Takes effect 12/31/2050. (SD2)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Criminal History Record Checks.. Description: Authorizes the Department of Health to conduct fingerprinting and criminal history record checks on applicants who apply for a permit to operate as a hemp processor. Takes effect 12/31/2050. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Parking For Disabled Persons.. Description: Authorizes the Examiner of Drivers to suspend the driver's license of a person using a parking permit issued to a deceased person who was deceased when the permit was issued to obtain parking privileges. Provides that fifty per cent of any fine imposed for violating part III of chapter 291, HRS, is remitted to the law enforcement agency that issued the citation. Authorizes each county to enact ordinances to enforce the design and construction requirements for the provision of accessible parking spaces, including the establishment of penalties for failure to comply with the ordinances. Authorizes officials appointed by a county to enter the property of places of public accommodation to enforce violations of the county ordinances. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Mental Health Services For Children And Adolescents.. Description: Clarifies and updates the responsibilities of the Child and Adolescent Mental Health Division of the Department of Health to reflect the current mental health systems of care to address the mental health needs of children and adolescents in the State. (SD2)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Manufactured Hemp Products.. Description: Clarifies that the definition of "manufactured hemp product" in section 328G-1, HRS, includes hemp products specified in rules adopted by the Department of Health pursuant to section 328G-4, HRS. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Crisis Services.. Description: Establishes a Crisis Intervention and Diversion Services Program within the Department of Health to expand existing services to divert certain persons experiencing mental health disorders and co-occurring mental health and substance use disorders to appropriate health care systems and services. Defines "mental health emergency worker". Requires the Department of Health to establish standards and rules for the designation of mental health emergency workers. With regards to emergency examination and hospitalization of persons who are deemed imminently dangerous to self or others, clarifies when a law enforcement officer may gain control of the person and the procedures the officer shall take to call for assistance from a mental health emergency worker; allows the person to be transported to facilities designated by the Director of Health in addition to licensed psychiatric facilities; and allows a person to be transported to a behavioral health crisis center designated by the Director of Health if a Crisis Intervention Officer has probable cause to believe that the person is imminently dangerous to self or others, as determined by a mental health emergency worker. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Mental Health.. Description: Requires the Department of Health to track and publicly report certain data relating to crisis reports, emergency mental health transports, and court-ordered treatments. Requires the Department of Health to respond to reports about persons having severe mental illness who are in need of assistance, assess whether those persons may fulfill the criteria for assisted community treatment, and coordinate the process for an assisted community treatment order if indicated. Establishes that a court's denial of a petition for involuntary commitment shall serve as notification to the Department of Health that the person should be evaluated for assisted community treatment. Declares that the general fund expenditure ceiling is exceeded. Makes an appropriation to the Department of Health for software and data collection and publication. Makes an appropriation to the Department of Health for statewide education and training on policies related to emergency examination and hospitalization and assisted community treatment. Repeals the sunset date of Act 111, SLH 2017, which allows a patient who has been involuntarily committed to a psychiatric facility to be ordered to receive treatment over the patient's objection. Declares that the appropriations exceed the general fund expenditure ceiling for 2024-2025. Effective 12/31/2050. (SD2)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Water Infrastructure.. Description: Authorizes the Governor or a state official with authorization from the Governor to transfer federal capitalization grant funds between the Water Pollution Control Revolving Fund and the Drinking Water Treatment Revolving Loan Fund, in accordance with title 40 Code of Federal Regulations section 35.3530(c). Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Department Of Law Enforcement.. Description: Clarifies that the Director of Law Enforcement has authority to issue subpoenas as part of the investigative powers of the Department of Law Enforcement. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Regulation Of Archaeological Activities.. Description: Clarifies that failure to comply with approved mitigation commitments, conduct an archaeological inventory survey, or comply with other administrative requirements pertaining to archaeology approved by the Department of Land and Natural Resources shall result in civil and administrative violations. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Direct Negotiation For Public Land Leases.. Description: Authorizes disposition of public land leases by direct negotiation for commercial or industrial use on parcels of up to five acres. Repeals 6/30/2029. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Contested Cases.. Description: Clarifies that a contested case hearing is not required for matters that are identical or arising from the same factual situation as another administrative matter that has been finally adjudicated. Includes administrative contested case proceedings within the scope of the vexatious litigant statute. Effective 4/14/2112. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Pacific Marine Fisheries Compact.. Description: Authorizes the Governor to execute a compact on behalf of the State to cooperate in the Pacific States Marine Fisheries Commission. Establishes procedures for selection and succession of commissioners. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Meeting Notices.. Description: Mandates the Office of the Lieutenant Governor or the appropriate county clerk's office to ensure access to paper or electronic copies of all meeting notices and deletes the requirement to post notices in a central location in a public building.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Conformity To The Internal Revenue Code.. Description: Conforms Hawaii income and estate and generation-skipping transfer tax laws to the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended as of December 31, 2023.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Tax Enforcement.. Description: Authorizes the Department of Taxation to serve administrative subpoenas outside the State. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Tax Enforcement.. Description: Provides deadlines for taxpayers under audit to comply with demands to produce documents and evidence. Requires the Tax Appeal Court to preclude documents or evidence not produced pursuant to a demand from being introduced in evidence in a tax appeal or action unless the failure was due to reasonable cause. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Taxation Board Of Review.. Description: Amends the minimum qualifications for the Chairperson of the Taxation Board of Review. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Road Usage Charge Program.. Description: Beginning 7/1/2025, establishes a county mileage-based road usage charge for electric vehicles. Clarifies the collection and disposition of funds of the state and county mileage-based road usage charges. Establishes the maximum state mileage-based road usage charge at $50 until 6/30/2028. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD2)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Technology Transfer At The University Of Hawaii.. Description: Permanently authorizes the University of Hawaii to continue to regulate conflicts of interest and other ethical issues for technology transfer activities sponsored by the University of Hawaii. Takes effect 6/29/2024. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To University Of Hawaii Research.. Description: Makes permanent the Innovation and Commercialization Initiative Program established within the University of Hawaii. Takes effect 6/29/2024. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Energy.. Description: Authorizes independent generators of renewable energy to wheel the renewable electricity they produce to users of renewable energy under policies and procedures established by the Public Utilities Commission, should the Public Utilities Commission determine through an investigatory docket that retail wheeling is in the public interest. Requires the Public Utilities Commission to report to the Legislature. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Approving The Dedication Of Kukuia Street, Lahaina, Hawaii, To The County Of Maui.. Description: Approving The Dedication Of Kukuia Street, Lahaina, Hawaii, To The County Of Maui.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Renewable Energy.. Description: Expands the definition of "renewable energy producer" that is used to determine the Board of Land and Natural Resources' disposition of public lands by direct negotiation to renewable energy producers. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Firearms.. Description: Amends the prohibition on certain assault weapons to include .50 caliber rifles and assault weapon attachments. Modernizes the prohibition on assault pistols to include pistols with one or more prohibited feature. Prohibits firearms other than pistols with a detachable magazine with over a twenty round capacity. Prohibits persons from bringing or causing to be brought into the State a .50 caliber rifle or assault weapon attachment. Prohibits the sale or transfer of a .50 caliber rifle or assault weapon attachment in the State, unless the .50 caliber rifle or assault weapon attachment is sold or transferred to an authorized individual. Creates exceptions for the acquisition and possession of prohibited firearms for members of law enforcement and the military. Takes effect 4/14/2112. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Urban Development.. Description: Part I: Requires the counties, no later than 12/31/2026, to adopt or amend an ordinance to allow at least two accessory dwelling units, subject to certain restrictions, on all residentially zoned lots. Prohibits private covenants for residentially zoned lots within an urban district from limiting the number of accessory dwelling units below the amount allowed pursuant to State law or the long-term rental of residential units. Part II: Requires any administrative authority to act on any application for subdivision, consolidation, or resubdivision for certain parcels to be vested in the director of the county agency responsible for land use or another county officer. Part III: Amends the calculation of impact fees for certain developments. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Education.. Description: Removes the salary cap of the Superintendent of Education. Makes permanent the annual performance evaluation requirements for the Superintendent of Education. Takes effect 6/29/2024. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Hawaii Employer-union Health Benefits Trust Fund.. Description: Requires the Hawaii Employer-Union Health Benefits Trust Fund base composite monthly contribution to be adjusted annually beginning 1/1/2025 by increasing the contribution in effect on 1/1/2024 by 5.2 per cent, and thereafter based on the changes in Medicare part B premiums for the previous plan year.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Motor Carriers.. Description: Transfers the enforcement of the Motor Carrier Law from the Public Utilities Commission to the Department of Transportation. Makes conforming amendments. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Administrative Procedure.. Description: Provides that a maximum time period to grant or deny a business or development-related permit, license, or approval shall only apply if a request for a contested case has not been filed. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Transportation.. Description: Requires the Department of Transportation or county transportation agency having jurisdiction over roads, highways, or similar infrastructure to evaluate high-risk or dangerous corridors or intersections and plan strategies for mitigation. Provides that an engineering study is not required to be considered if the Department of Transportation or any county decreases maximum speed limits within one mile of a school. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Stabilization Of Property Insurance.. Description: Amends the laws relating to the Hawaii Hurricane Relief Fund and Hawaii Property Insurance Association by: imposing a different transient accommodation tax rate for transient vacation rentals, a property insurance surcharge on conveyance tax, and a temporary property insurance stabilization fee on real property transactions to capitalize the Hawaii Property Insurance Association and Hawaii Hurricane Relief Fund; expanding the statutory authorization for the Hawaii Property Insurance Association to issue property insurance for certain condominiums and amending the designated geographic area eligible for coverage to specifically include lava zones 1 and 2; mandating that the Hawaii Hurricane Relief Fund and Hawaii Property Insurance Association be insurers of last resort; requiring Hawaii Property Insurance Association member insurers and licensed property and casualty insurers to recoup assessment costs paid into the Hawaii Property Insurance Association and the Hawaii Hurricane Relief Fund through a surcharge on premiums; requiring coverage limits and deductibles and fund capitalization amounts for licensed property and casualty insurers to be established in a plan of operation for the Hawaii Hurricane Relief Fund, subject to approval by the Insurance Commissioner; and reinstating the special mortgage recording fee to capitalize the Hawaii Hurricane Relief Fund. Appropriates moneys as a loan to the Hawaii Hurricane Relief Fund to assist it in becoming sufficiently capitalized and other purposes. Authorizes the issuance of general obligation bonds and appropriates bond revenues as a loan to the Hawaii Hurricane Relief Fund to assist it in becoming sufficiently capitalized and other purposes. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD2)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The Land Trust Act.. Description: Clarifies that if no personal property designation appears in a recorded instrument, the interests of the beneficiaries shall be real property. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Agriculture.. Description: Requires the Department of Agriculture to designate certain species as pests, and periodically update taxa designated as pests, for control or eradication and develop and implement a control or eradication program for each designated pest but, if the Department fails to do so, authorizes the applicable county to develop or implement the program. Establishes a plant nursery licensing program to regulate the sale of nursery stock. Prohibits the import of any material infested or infected with a pest or that is a pest unless imported under an appropriate permit or compliance agreement and amends the Department of Agriculture's authority to impose other limits on imports and transportation. Amends the method by which the Board of Agriculture makes and updates noxious weed designations and clarifies responsibilities for the control or eradication of noxious weeds. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD2)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Medical Debt.. Description: Requires the Office of Wellness and Resilience to establish a Medical Debt Forgiveness Working Group to study the feasibility of developing, implementing, and executing a program for the State to acquire and forgive outstanding medical debt of Hawaii residents. Requires a report to the Legislature. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Campaign Finance.. Description: Amends the prohibition against foreign nationals and foreign corporations making campaign finance contributions and expenditures. Requires every business entity that contributes or expends funds in a state election to file a statement of certification regarding its limited foreign influence. Requires noncandidate committees making only independent expenditures to obtain a statement of certification from each top contributor required to be listed in an advertisement. Effective 1/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Film Industry Development.. Description: Establishes the Hawaii Film Advisory Council. Amends the motion picture, digital media, and film production income tax credit to: (1) Clarify and amend the requirement for an independent third-party certification; (2) Expand the definition of "qualified production" to include streaming platforms; and (3) Expand the definition of "qualified production costs" to include certain costs associated with products created by Hawaii businesses for use in a production and contracting and licensing of Hawaii-originated music for on-camera use or post-production. Establishes and appropriates funds for a film industry development liaison within the Creative Industries Division of the Department of Business, Economic Development, and Tourism. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Mental Health.. Description: Establishes within the Office of Wellness and Resilience the State of Well-Being Project to assess and enhance Tier 1 and Tier 2 mental health support services for all key stakeholder communities across the State. Makes appropriations to implement the State of Well-Being Project including for the establishment of six full-time equivalent mental health specialist positions within the Office of Wellness and Resilience. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Culture And The Arts.. Description: Requires that the State of Hawaii Museum of Natural and Cultural History and the State of Hawaii Museum of Monarchy History boards of directors each include two ex officio, nonvoting members, to be selected by the comptroller. Requires the State of Hawaii Museum of Natural and Cultural History to submit an annual report to the Legislature. Establishes standards and conditions that the State of Hawaii Museum of Natural and Cultural History must meet to receive state funds. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Energy.. Description: Renames the Hawaii State Energy Office as the Energy Division and makes it a division of the Department of Business, Economic Development, and Tourism. Renames the Chief Energy Officer as the Chief Energy Administrator. Clarifies the duties of the Energy Division. Transfers functions. Declares that the appropriation exceeds the state general fund expenditure ceiling for 2024-2025. Makes an appropriation. (SD2)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Public Utilities.. Description: Prohibits the Public Utilities Commission from approving the sale of a gas utility, or electric utility, in whole or in part, to a private entity, unless the utility being offered for sale demonstrates that it solicited competitive offers from an entity operating under a non-investor-owned utilities ownership model, and notes whether or not non-investor-owned entities submitted acceptable bids, in any application to the PUC requesting authorization for a sale of the utility. Authorizes the PUC to establish a procedure for consideration of alternative bids if there is a sale of a gas or electric utility. Specifies that the appointment of a receiver for a distressed utility applies to all public utilities. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Towing Companies.. Description: Changes the fees that a towing company may charge to tow vehicles left unattended on private and public property. Allows a towing company or parking management company to charge a fee for the placement or removal of vehicle immobilization devices. Requires that a towing company that charges fees to tow vehicles left unattended on private and public property, or a towing company or parking management company that charges fees for the placement or removal of vehicle immobilization devices, to accept payment by the vehicle owner for charges by cash, credit card, and debit card and shall not direct an individual to use an on-site automated teller machine in lieu of accepting payment by credit card and debit card. Takes effect 1/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Taxation.. Description: Amends the definition of Hawaii taxable estate to provide that the marital deduction under section 2056 of the Internal Revenue Code shall apply to the passage of any interest in property to any immediate family member. Amends the state generation-skipping transfer tax law to provide that a transfer to any immediate family member shall not be considered a distribution to a skip person, as defined in section 2613 of the Internal Revenue Code. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To American Sign Language.. Description: Requires the Disability and Communication Access Board to convene a working group to study the state of American Sign Language interpretation services in Hawaii. Requires a report to the Legislature, with the assistance of the Department of Health. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Labeling Of Macadamia Nuts.. Description: Clarifies labeling requirements for macadamia nuts. Requires country of origin to be included on the label of a consumer package of processed macadamia nuts. Allows a private right of action for violations. (SD2)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Education.. Description: Requires all public charter schools that exclusively offer prekindergarten programs to adhere to the public charter school law, with certain exceptions. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To State Gesture.. Description: Adopts, establishes, and designates the shaka as the official gesture of the State. Authorizes the State Foundation on Culture and the Arts to develop a public work of art related to the shaka and its history to be displayed in a prominent location in the State. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Pesticides.. Description: Requires quarterly rather than annual reporting of all use of restricted use pesticides. Amends the contents of reports to include specific geospatial data and information and increased detail on the amount of restricted use pesticides used. Requires the Department of Agriculture to develop an online reporting tool for restricted use pesticides. Takes effect 7/1/2040. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Commission On Water Resource Management.. Description: Defines the public trust purposes of the commission on water resource management and requires the commission, in acting upon water use permit applications, to prioritize applications for public trust purposes. Allows the commission to retain independent legal counsel. Repeals the position of deputy to the chairperson of the commission and establishes the position of executive director of the commission. Amends the composition of the commission and administratively attaches it to DLNR. Authorizes entities to challenge an emergency order of the commission under certain conditions. Establishes fines for certain water use offenses. Amends the commission's authority to declare water emergencies and issue orders to address them and declare water shortages and related notice requirements. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Education.. Description: Clarifies the Department of Education's authority to oversee public education facilities and real estate development. Establishes the Office of Facilities and Real Estate Development and the Office of School Operations and Services. Repeals the School Facilities Authority. Makes conforming amendments. Appropriates funds. Repeals the Office of Facilities and Real Estate Development and Office of School Operations and Services on 7/1/2031. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Little Fire Ants.. Description: Requires the disclosure of any little fire ant infestation as part of any sale of residential real property. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Eviction Mediation.. Description: Delays filing an action for summary possession for certain tenancies affected by the eviction moratorium contained in certain emergency proclamations issued by the Governor. Effective 7/1/2040. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Cannabis.. Description: Establishes the Hawaii Cannabis and Hemp Authority and Cannabis and Hemp Control Board within the Department of Commerce and Consumer Affairs to regulate all aspects of the cannabis plant. Beginning 1/1/2026, legalizes the personal adult use of cannabis. Establishes taxes on the retail sale of adult-use cannabis and the sale of medical cannabis. Adds new traffic offenses and clarifies existing traffic offenses relating to the consumption or possession of marijuana or marijuana concentrate. Makes conforming amendments related to the legalization of personal adult use of cannabis. Establishes the Cannabis and Hemp Control Implementation Advisory Committee. Transfers the personnel and assets of the Department of Health and assets of the Department of Agriculture relating to cannabis to the Hawaii Cannabis and Hemp Authority. Establishes positions. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD2)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Wildfires.. Description: Establishes the Hawaii Wildfire Relief Fund and Hawaii Wildfire Relief Fund Corporation to provide compensation for property damage resulting from catastrophic wildfires in the State. Requires the Corporation's board to report to the Legislature. Makes an appropriation. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD2)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Public Service.. Description: Requires appointees for judicial vacancies to file certain disclosures with the State Ethics Commission, under certain conditions. Requires the Commission on Salaries to consider the deterrence of bribery and corruption when making its salary recommendations. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Renewable Fuel.. Description: Amends the Renewable Fuels Production Tax Credit by establishing an additional credit for renewable fuels, including sustainable aviation fuels, produced from renewable feedstock locally grown or recycled in the State; amending the amount of the credit that is claimable per taxpayer; amending the lifecycle greenhouse gas emissions level of a renewable fuel to be eligible for the tax credit; and making taxpayers who previously claimed the credit eligible for the credit during a certain credit period. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Renewable Fuel.. Description: Includes oilseed cover crops in the Cover Crop Reimbursement Pilot Program established by Act 312, SLH 2022. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Public Service.. Description: Authorizes the temporary assignment of permanent legislative staff during the interim to executive or judicial branch agencies. Establishes that while on temporary assignment, the temporarily assigned employee is still considered an employee of the Legislature and exempt from civil service. Takes effect 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Hawaiian Home Lands.. Description: Provides that a living beneficiary's place on the Department of Hawaiian Home Land's waiting list for any residential, agricultural or pastoral tract may be designated for transfer to a successor if the living beneficiary dies before receiving an offer for a tract; provided that the successor shall be native Hawaiian, as that term is defined in the Hawaiian Homes Commission Act. Effective 4/14/2112. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Destination Management.. Description: Requires the Hawaii Tourism Authority to develop destination management action plans for each county and to perform specific actions in each plan. Expands the powers and duties of the Hawaii Tourism Authority. Repeals the exemption of the Hawaii Tourism Authority from administrative supervision of boards and commissions. Requires the strategic tourism management plan to include statewide destination management and regenerative tourism efforts and programs. Renames the tourism marketing plan as the strategic tourism management plan. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Plant Care Components.. Description: Requires the Department of Agriculture to certify treatments performed on wood chips, compost, and filter socks. Places certain restrictions on the distribution or transportation of plant care components without prior treatment certification from the Department. (CD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Teleworking.. Description: Requires and appropriates moneys for the Department of Human Resources Development to submit an annual report to the Legislature on the telework policies of the Executive Branch. Establishes requirements for a pilot telework monitoring system to assess the productivity of telework employees. Appropriates funds to develop, implement, and administer the pilot telework monitoring system and to establish positions. Declares that the appropriations exceed the state general fund expenditure ceiling for 2024-2025. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Lahaina.. Description: Establishes the Lele Community District and Board to facilitate rebuilding in Lahaina. Establishes the Lele Community Special Fund. Makes appropriations. Declares that the appropriation exceeds the state general fund expenditure ceiling for 2024-2025. Takes effect 1/1/2060. (SD2)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Long-term Care.. Description: Requires the Executive Office on Aging to contract for a statewide needs assessment of the needs of the long-term care workforce for providers of home- and community-based services. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging Retail Stores And Pharmacies Doing Business In The State To Adopt A Policy On A National And Local Level Guaranteeing An Individual's Unhindered Access To All United States Food And Drug Administration-approved Contraceptives.. Description: Urging Retail Stores And Pharmacies Doing Business In The State To Adopt A Policy On A National And Local Level Guaranteeing An Individual's Unhindered Access To All United States Food And Drug Administration-approved Contraceptives.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The Committee Assignments Of The House Of Representatives Of The Thirty-second Legislature.. Description: Relating To The Committee Assignments Of The House Of Representatives Of The Thirty-second Legislature.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Honoring Branch Lotspeich For Providing Critical Life-saving Services And Commending His Outstanding Dedication To Protecting Swimmers Across The World.. Description: Honoring Branch Lotspeich For Providing Critical Life-saving Services And Commending His Outstanding Dedication To Protecting Swimmers Across The World.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Congratulating The 2023 National Future Farmers Of America Agriscience Fair Champions From The Future Farmers Of America Chapters In Waipahu.. Description: Congratulating The 2023 National Future Farmers Of America Agriscience Fair Champions From The Future Farmers Of America Chapters In Waipahu.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The City And County Of Honolulu To Establish A New Satellite City Hall Office In Mililani To Improve Access To Government Services.. Description: Urging The City And County Of Honolulu To Establish A New Satellite City Hall Office In Mililani To Improve Access To Government Services.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Department Of Land And Natural Resources To Work With The United States Fish And Wildlife Service To Implement A Native Plant Seeding Project In Mililani Mauka To Restore The Ecological Damage From The November 2023 Wildfires.. Description: Urging The Department Of Land And Natural Resources To Work With The United States Fish And Wildlife Service To Implement A Native Plant Seeding Project In Mililani Mauka To Restore The Ecological Damage From The November 2023 Wildfires.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Congratulating The University Of Hawaii At Mnoa's Center For Japanese Studies Way Of Tea Center On Jaku'an's 50th Anniversary.. Description: Congratulating The University Of Hawaii At Mnoa's Center For Japanese Studies Way Of Tea Center On Jaku'an's 50th Anniversary.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The City And County Of Honolulu To Work With The Department Of Transportation To Plan And Implement Options For Alternative Ingress And Egress In Mililani Mauka.. Description: Urging The City And County Of Honolulu To Work With The Department Of Transportation To Plan And Implement Options For Alternative Ingress And Egress In Mililani Mauka.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Agriculture To Create A Plan To Develop An Invasive Pests Placard Program And Assess The Resources Needed To Implement The Program.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Agriculture To Create A Plan To Develop An Invasive Pests Placard Program And Assess The Resources Needed To Implement The Program.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Establishing A Working Group To Address Issues Related To Water And Air Contamination And Remediation Arising From The Operation Of The Puuloa Range Training Facility.. Description: Establishing A Working Group To Address Issues Related To Water And Air Contamination And Remediation Arising From The Operation Of The Puuloa Range Training Facility.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Office Of Hawaiian Affairs To Identify The Scope Of Native Hawaiian Cultural Appropriateness For The Purpose Of Addressing Native Hawaiian Disparities.. Description: Requesting The Office Of Hawaiian Affairs To Identify The Scope Of Native Hawaiian Cultural Appropriateness For The Purpose Of Addressing Native Hawaiian Disparities.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging State Departments And Agencies To Enable Employees To Telework To The Greatest Extent Possible.. Description: Urging State Departments And Agencies To Enable Employees To Telework To The Greatest Extent Possible.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The City And County Of Honolulu To Conduct A Sidewalk Feasibility Study Along Kalihi Street From Kamanaiki Street To Kalihi Valley Park.. Description: Requesting The City And County Of Honolulu To Conduct A Sidewalk Feasibility Study Along Kalihi Street From Kamanaiki Street To Kalihi Valley Park.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Auditor To Conduct A Performance Audit Of The Operations And Management Of The Department Of Land And Natural Resources' Division Of Boating And Ocean Recreation.. Description: Requesting The Auditor To Conduct A Performance Audit Of The Operations And Management Of The Department Of Land And Natural Resources' Division Of Boating And Ocean Recreation.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Hawaii Climate Change Mitigation And Adaption Commission, In Collaboration With The Department Of Transportation, To Develop Vehicle Miles Traveled Reduction Strategies And Make Related Recommendations.. Description: Requesting The Hawaii Climate Change Mitigation And Adaption Commission, In Collaboration With The Department Of Transportation, To Develop Vehicle Miles Traveled Reduction Strategies And Make Related Recommendations.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Department Of Law Enforcement, Fire Departments And Police Departments Of Each County, Humane Societies In Each County, And Media Organizations Throughout The State To Collaborate To Create And Disseminate Public Service Announcements To Highlight The Dangers Of, And Advocate Against The Use Of, Illegal Fireworks In Order To Protect The Health And Safety Of The Community, Pets, And Wildlife.. Description: Urging The Department Of Law Enforcement, Fire Departments And Police Departments Of Each County, Humane Societies In Each County, And Media Organizations Throughout The State To Collaborate To Create And Disseminate Public Service Announcements To Highlight The Dangers Of, And Advocate Against The Use Of, Illegal Fireworks In Order To Protect The Health And Safety Of The Community, Pets, And Wildlife.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Department Of Transportation To Work With The City And County Of Honolulu To Plan And Implement Options For Alternative Ingress And Egress Routes In Pacific Palisades.. Description: Urging The Department Of Transportation To Work With The City And County Of Honolulu To Plan And Implement Options For Alternative Ingress And Egress Routes In Pacific Palisades.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Department Of Transportation And City And County Of Honolulu To Install Speed Bumps And Speed Limit Signage On The Portion Of Kapolei Parkway Between Kapolei High School And Kapolei Middle School.. Description: Urging The Department Of Transportation And City And County Of Honolulu To Install Speed Bumps And Speed Limit Signage On The Portion Of Kapolei Parkway Between Kapolei High School And Kapolei Middle School.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Establishment Of A Stream Maintenance Working Group By The City And County Of Honolulu.. Description: Requesting The Establishment Of A Stream Maintenance Working Group By The City And County Of Honolulu.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Labor And Industrial Relations To Convene An Underground Economy Interagency Task Force To Combat The Underground Economy And Employee Misclassification In The Construction Industry.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Labor And Industrial Relations To Convene An Underground Economy Interagency Task Force To Combat The Underground Economy And Employee Misclassification In The Construction Industry.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Business, Economic Development, And Tourism To Convene A Sports Wagering Working Group To Conduct An Analysis Of The Potential Legalization And Regulation Of Online Sports Wagering In Hawaii.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Business, Economic Development, And Tourism To Convene A Sports Wagering Working Group To Conduct An Analysis Of The Potential Legalization And Regulation Of Online Sports Wagering In Hawaii.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Health To Convene A Stakeholder Working Group To Make Recommendations To Enhance Meaningful Access To Health Care In The State Through The Provision Of Language Assistance Services.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Health To Convene A Stakeholder Working Group To Make Recommendations To Enhance Meaningful Access To Health Care In The State Through The Provision Of Language Assistance Services.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Department Of Law Enforcement To Develop And Implement A U Visa Certification Policy.. Description: Urging The Department Of Law Enforcement To Develop And Implement A U Visa Certification Policy.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The United States Department Of Defense, Including The Navy, Army, And Air Force, To Increase On-base Housing Availability For Active Duty Personnel And Their Dependents Assigned To Military Installations In The State.. Description: Requesting The United States Department Of Defense, Including The Navy, Army, And Air Force, To Increase On-base Housing Availability For Active Duty Personnel And Their Dependents Assigned To Military Installations In The State.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting That The Governor Establish A Leadership Accelerator Program For Exceptional Managers In State Government.. Description: Requesting That The Governor Establish A Leadership Accelerator Program For Exceptional Managers In State Government.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Board Of Education, In Partnership With The State Public Charter School Commission, To Submit A Report On Increasing Access To Stable, Suitable, And Affordable Facilities For Public Charter Schools.. Description: Requesting The Board Of Education, In Partnership With The State Public Charter School Commission, To Submit A Report On Increasing Access To Stable, Suitable, And Affordable Facilities For Public Charter Schools.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging State Executive Departments To Review Minimum Qualifications And Compensation For Class Specifications For Job Postings And Provide Suggestions To The Department Of Human Resources Development.. Description: Urging State Executive Departments To Review Minimum Qualifications And Compensation For Class Specifications For Job Postings And Provide Suggestions To The Department Of Human Resources Development.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Director Of Labor And Industrial Relations To Amend Title 12, Chapter 15, Hawaii Administrative Rules, To Clarify That Compensation For Advanced Practice Registered Nurses Under The State's Workers' Compensation Law Is Distinct From Compensation For Registered Nurses And Shall Be One Hundred Percent Of The Fees Authorized Under The Medicare Fee Schedule.. Description: Requesting The Director Of Labor And Industrial Relations To Amend Title 12, Chapter 15, Hawaii Administrative Rules, To Clarify That Compensation For Advanced Practice Registered Nurses Under The State's Workers' Compensation Law Is Distinct From Compensation For Registered Nurses And Shall Be One Hundred Percent Of The Fees Authorized Under The Medicare Fee Schedule.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Recognizing Ashley Badis, Alexis Badis, Abigail Pothier, And Tatiana Arteaga As Trailblazers For Gender Equality And Equity In Hawaii High School Sports.. Description: Recognizing Ashley Badis, Alexis Badis, Abigail Pothier, And Tatiana Arteaga As Trailblazers For Gender Equality And Equity In Hawaii High School Sports.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Land And Natural Resources To Work With The National Oceanic And Atmospheric Administration And Other Experts To Conduct A Study On The Population Status Of Coral Reef Herbivores Around The Island Of Oahu And Develop Effective Policies For Substantially Increasing Those Populations Within A Decade.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Land And Natural Resources To Work With The National Oceanic And Atmospheric Administration And Other Experts To Conduct A Study On The Population Status Of Coral Reef Herbivores Around The Island Of Oahu And Develop Effective Policies For Substantially Increasing Those Populations Within A Decade.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Hawaii Housing Finance And Development Corporation To Amend Their Administrative Rules To Establish Another Pathway For Housing Projects Seeking An Exemption From State Laws And Rules.. Description: Urging The Hawaii Housing Finance And Development Corporation To Amend Their Administrative Rules To Establish Another Pathway For Housing Projects Seeking An Exemption From State Laws And Rules.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Encouraging Private Businesses With Thirty Or More Employees To Have An Automated External Defibrillator On-site.. Description: Encouraging Private Businesses With Thirty Or More Employees To Have An Automated External Defibrillator On-site.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Hawaii Emergency Management Agency To Install A New Emergency Siren Near The Intersection Of Aumakua Street And Auhuhu Street In Upper Pacific Palisades.. Description: Requesting The Hawaii Emergency Management Agency To Install A New Emergency Siren Near The Intersection Of Aumakua Street And Auhuhu Street In Upper Pacific Palisades.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Human Services To Establish A Working Group To Address Issues Relating To Reimbursements And Payments To Home And Community-based Services Providers.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Human Services To Establish A Working Group To Address Issues Relating To Reimbursements And Payments To Home And Community-based Services Providers.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Recognizing The Issue Of Illegal Dumping Within The Waipahu Community And Urging The State, City And County Of Honolulu, And Military To Work Together To Address This Concern.. Description: Recognizing The Issue Of Illegal Dumping Within The Waipahu Community And Urging The State, City And County Of Honolulu, And Military To Work Together To Address This Concern.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Strongly Urging The City And County Of Honolulu To Reconsider Using The Waipo Soccer Complex As Its Next Landfill Site.. Description: Strongly Urging The City And County Of Honolulu To Reconsider Using The Waipo Soccer Complex As Its Next Landfill Site.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Human Services To Conduct A Study On The Feasibility Of Increasing The Medicaid Reimbursement Payment Rate For Hawaii's Community Care Foster Family Homes And Expanded Adult Residential Care Homes For Medicaid Clients Every Ten Years.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Human Services To Conduct A Study On The Feasibility Of Increasing The Medicaid Reimbursement Payment Rate For Hawaii's Community Care Foster Family Homes And Expanded Adult Residential Care Homes For Medicaid Clients Every Ten Years.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Facility Maintenance Of The City And County Of Honolulu To Clean Certain Streams And Canals In Waipahu.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Facility Maintenance Of The City And County Of Honolulu To Clean Certain Streams And Canals In Waipahu.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Supporting A Closer Partnership Between The United States And Taiwan In Values And Common Goals, The Relationships And Exchanges Between The State Of Hawaii And Taiwan, Taiwan's International Participation, And The Signing Of A United States-taiwan Bilateral Trade Agreement.. Description: Supporting A Closer Partnership Between The United States And Taiwan In Values And Common Goals, The Relationships And Exchanges Between The State Of Hawaii And Taiwan, Taiwan's International Participation, And The Signing Of A United States-taiwan Bilateral Trade Agreement.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Accounting And General Services To Establish A Working Group To Plan And Construct A Hawaii First Responders Memorial.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Accounting And General Services To Establish A Working Group To Plan And Construct A Hawaii First Responders Memorial.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Department Of Education, In Collaboration With The Office Of School Facilities And Support Services And Board Of Private Detectives And Guards, To Develop Procedures That Will Expedite The Hiring Process For Security Guards Regulated Under Chapter 463, Hawaii Revised Statutes.. Description: Urging The Department Of Education, In Collaboration With The Office Of School Facilities And Support Services And Board Of Private Detectives And Guards, To Develop Procedures That Will Expedite The Hiring Process For Security Guards Regulated Under Chapter 463, Hawaii Revised Statutes.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Health To Assess The Registration And Monitoring Of Clean And Sober Homes.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Health To Assess The Registration And Monitoring Of Clean And Sober Homes.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The County Of Maui To Adopt A Financially Prudent Budget For Fiscal Year 2024-2025 That Maintains Current Operational Levels Except For Certain Mandatory Or Critical Increases.. Description: Urging The County Of Maui To Adopt A Financially Prudent Budget For Fiscal Year 2024-2025 That Maintains Current Operational Levels Except For Certain Mandatory Or Critical Increases.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Counties To Amend Or Adopt Ordinances To Be Consistent With The Hawaii Housing Finance And Development Corporation's Rules Regarding Residential Income Requirements On Housing Projects.. Description: Urging The Counties To Amend Or Adopt Ordinances To Be Consistent With The Hawaii Housing Finance And Development Corporation's Rules Regarding Residential Income Requirements On Housing Projects.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Counties To Amend Or Adopt An Ordinance To Allow Religious Institutions, Educational Institutions, Or Medical Institutions To Develop Residential Units On Parcels That Meet Certain Conditions.. Description: Requesting The Counties To Amend Or Adopt An Ordinance To Allow Religious Institutions, Educational Institutions, Or Medical Institutions To Develop Residential Units On Parcels That Meet Certain Conditions.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Law Enforcement To Convene A Search And Rescue Working Group To Develop And Make Recommendations To Deter Hikers From Entering Illegal Hiking Trails And To Address Rising Search And Rescue Costs Facing The State And Counties Due To Increased Illegal Hiking Traffic.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Law Enforcement To Convene A Search And Rescue Working Group To Develop And Make Recommendations To Deter Hikers From Entering Illegal Hiking Trails And To Address Rising Search And Rescue Costs Facing The State And Counties Due To Increased Illegal Hiking Traffic.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Honoring The Global Federation Of Chinese Business Women - Hawaii Chapter And The Taiwanese Chambers Of Commerce Of North America - Hawaii Chapter For Their Outstanding Commitment To Philanthropy, Community Service, And Global Cooperation.. Description: Honoring The Global Federation Of Chinese Business Women - Hawaii Chapter And The Taiwanese Chambers Of Commerce Of North America - Hawaii Chapter For Their Outstanding Commitment To Philanthropy, Community Service, And Global Cooperation.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Establishment Of A Telehealth Working Group To Examine The Impact Of Widespread Telehealth Adoption During The Covid-19 Pandemic And Identify Public Policy Initiatives At The Federal And State Level To Optimize Telehealth Utilization As The State Transitions Out Of The Covid-19 Pandemic.. Description: Requesting The Establishment Of A Telehealth Working Group To Examine The Impact Of Widespread Telehealth Adoption During The Covid-19 Pandemic And Identify Public Policy Initiatives At The Federal And State Level To Optimize Telehealth Utilization As The State Transitions Out Of The Covid-19 Pandemic.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Congratulating The Boys And Girls Hawaii High School Athletic Association Championship Teams From Mililani High School, The Trojans.. Description: Congratulating The Boys And Girls Hawaii High School Athletic Association Championship Teams From Mililani High School, The Trojans.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Hawaii Housing Finance And Development Corporation To Develop A Ten-year Plan To Satisfy Hawaii's Housing Demand.. Description: Urging The Hawaii Housing Finance And Development Corporation To Develop A Ten-year Plan To Satisfy Hawaii's Housing Demand.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Transportation, In Partnership With The City And County Of Honolulu, To Install Speed Bumps, Speed Detection Devices, Photo Red Light Imaging Detector Systems, And Other Safety Measures In House District 32.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Transportation, In Partnership With The City And County Of Honolulu, To Install Speed Bumps, Speed Detection Devices, Photo Red Light Imaging Detector Systems, And Other Safety Measures In House District 32.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Directing The Hawaii Emergency Management Agency To Submit A Grant Request To The Federal Emergency Management Agency For Rockfall Mitigation In Moanalua Gardens And Moanalua Valley, Oahu.. Description: Directing The Hawaii Emergency Management Agency To Submit A Grant Request To The Federal Emergency Management Agency For Rockfall Mitigation In Moanalua Gardens And Moanalua Valley, Oahu.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Transportation To Study And Recommend Solutions To Resolve Supply Chain Issues Caused By Barge Delays To Lanai.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Transportation To Study And Recommend Solutions To Resolve Supply Chain Issues Caused By Barge Delays To Lanai.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Legislative Reference Bureau To Study The Year-round Legislature Models Of California, New York, Pennsylvania, And Wisconsin To Clarify The Similarities And Differences In Operations With Respect To Legislative Schedules, Operational Costs, Legislative And Staff Salaries, And Policies Regarding Outside Employment.. Description: Requesting The Legislative Reference Bureau To Study The Year-round Legislature Models Of California, New York, Pennsylvania, And Wisconsin To Clarify The Similarities And Differences In Operations With Respect To Legislative Schedules, Operational Costs, Legislative And Staff Salaries, And Policies Regarding Outside Employment.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Office Of Planning And Sustainable Development To Develop A Scope Of Work Or Requests For Proposals For Bidders To Perform Their Own Analysis And Methodology That Determines Whether A Development Will Contribute To The Long-term Fiscal Sustainability Of The State And Respective County.. Description: Urging The Office Of Planning And Sustainable Development To Develop A Scope Of Work Or Requests For Proposals For Bidders To Perform Their Own Analysis And Methodology That Determines Whether A Development Will Contribute To The Long-term Fiscal Sustainability Of The State And Respective County.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Governor And Board Of Pharmacy To Support The Lanai Community Health Center's Telepharmacy Pilot Demonstration And Research Project As A Method Of Expanding The Accessibility And Affordability Of Prescription Drugs To Vulnerable Populations And Rural Communities Throughout The State.. Description: Urging The Governor And Board Of Pharmacy To Support The Lanai Community Health Center's Telepharmacy Pilot Demonstration And Research Project As A Method Of Expanding The Accessibility And Affordability Of Prescription Drugs To Vulnerable Populations And Rural Communities Throughout The State.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Department Of Human Services, Department Of Health, And Judiciary To Prioritize Ensuring That Contracts For Government Services Are Adequately Resourced To Cover The Costs Of Providing Those Services.. Description: Urging The Department Of Human Services, Department Of Health, And Judiciary To Prioritize Ensuring That Contracts For Government Services Are Adequately Resourced To Cover The Costs Of Providing Those Services.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Department Of Land And Natural Resources To Convene A Vegetation Management Working Group To Study, Evaluate, And Make Recommendations Regarding Regulations That Define Property Owner Obligations To Perform Vegetation Management On Public And Private Property For Purposes Of Wildfire Risk Mitigation.. Description: Urging The Department Of Land And Natural Resources To Convene A Vegetation Management Working Group To Study, Evaluate, And Make Recommendations Regarding Regulations That Define Property Owner Obligations To Perform Vegetation Management On Public And Private Property For Purposes Of Wildfire Risk Mitigation.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Hawaii Tourism Authority, In Consultation With The Office Of Enterprise Technology Services, To Conduct A Study On The Social And Safety Impacts Of Geotagging.. Description: Urging The Hawaii Tourism Authority, In Consultation With The Office Of Enterprise Technology Services, To Conduct A Study On The Social And Safety Impacts Of Geotagging.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The United States And The State To Recognize And Address The Air Transportation Crisis On Molokai And Lna`i.. Description: Urging The United States And The State To Recognize And Address The Air Transportation Crisis On Molokai And Lna`i.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Women's Corrections Implementation Commission To Develop A Strategy And Make Recommendations To Reduce The Number Of Women Incarcerated At The Women's Community Correctional Center By Twenty-five Percent Over The Next Five Years.. Description: Requesting The Women's Corrections Implementation Commission To Develop A Strategy And Make Recommendations To Reduce The Number Of Women Incarcerated At The Women's Community Correctional Center By Twenty-five Percent Over The Next Five Years.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Agriculture To Convene A Working Group To Review The Effectiveness Of The Relevant State Laws Governing Agricultural-based Commercial Operations.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Agriculture To Convene A Working Group To Review The Effectiveness Of The Relevant State Laws Governing Agricultural-based Commercial Operations.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Human Resources Development To Conduct A Sample Survey Of For-profit, Non-profit, And Government Organizations In Hawaii That Have Successfully Implemented Remote Work, Hybrid Work, Or Telework Arrangements.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Human Resources Development To Conduct A Sample Survey Of For-profit, Non-profit, And Government Organizations In Hawaii That Have Successfully Implemented Remote Work, Hybrid Work, Or Telework Arrangements.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The State Public Charter School Commission To Work With Stakeholders To Develop And Adopt Administrative Rules, Including Rules Governing The Negotiation Process Between The Commission And Public Charter Schools.. Description: Urging The State Public Charter School Commission To Work With Stakeholders To Develop And Adopt Administrative Rules, Including Rules Governing The Negotiation Process Between The Commission And Public Charter Schools.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting State And County Agencies To Notify Animal Welfare Organizations Of Deceased Cats And Dogs That Are Picked Up Along State And County Roadways.. Description: Requesting State And County Agencies To Notify Animal Welfare Organizations Of Deceased Cats And Dogs That Are Picked Up Along State And County Roadways.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Business, Economic Development, And Tourism To Collaborate With Universities In The State To Convene The Hawaii Creative Innovation Group.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Business, Economic Development, And Tourism To Collaborate With Universities In The State To Convene The Hawaii Creative Innovation Group.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Governor, Department Of Human Services, And Department Of Health To Explore Avenues To Ensure Continued Access To Affordable Medications For The State's Underserved Populations Under The 340b Drug Pricing Program And Urging Hawaii's Congressional Delegation And Relevant Federal Agencies To Monitor Pharmaceutical Companies And Take Appropriate Actions To Protect The Integrity Of The 340b Drug Pricing Program.. Description: Urging The Governor, Department Of Human Services, And Department Of Health To Explore Avenues To Ensure Continued Access To Affordable Medications For The State's Underserved Populations Under The 340b Drug Pricing Program And Urging Hawaii's Congressional Delegation And Relevant Federal Agencies To Monitor Pharmaceutical Companies And Take Appropriate Actions To Protect The Integrity Of The 340b Drug Pricing Program.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Legislative Reference Bureau To Conduct A Study On Best Practices For Nurse Staffing In Healthcare Facilities.. Description: Requesting The Legislative Reference Bureau To Conduct A Study On Best Practices For Nurse Staffing In Healthcare Facilities.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Department Of Education To Ensure That School Libraries And School Library Media Centers Are Staffed With Licensed School Librarians And Licensed School Library Media Specialists.. Description: Urging The Department Of Education To Ensure That School Libraries And School Library Media Centers Are Staffed With Licensed School Librarians And Licensed School Library Media Specialists.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The State To Prohibit The Introduction Of Biocontrol Agents That Might Threaten Economically Important Forage Grass Species.. Description: Urging The State To Prohibit The Introduction Of Biocontrol Agents That Might Threaten Economically Important Forage Grass Species.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Board Of Education, In Partnership With The Department Of Education, To Produce A Plan For Adhering To School Counselor Best Practices.. Description: Requesting The Board Of Education, In Partnership With The Department Of Education, To Produce A Plan For Adhering To School Counselor Best Practices.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Department Of Education To Develop A Comprehensive Plan For The Reinstatement Of Cancelled School Bus Service Routes.. Description: Urging The Department Of Education To Develop A Comprehensive Plan For The Reinstatement Of Cancelled School Bus Service Routes.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Auditor To Conduct An Audit Of The Department Of Education's Statewide Backlog Of Capital Improvement Repair And Maintenance Projects.. Description: Requesting The Auditor To Conduct An Audit Of The Department Of Education's Statewide Backlog Of Capital Improvement Repair And Maintenance Projects.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Informing The Senate And Governor That The House Of Representatives Is Ready To Adjourn Sine Die.. Description: Informing The Senate And Governor That The House Of Representatives Is Ready To Adjourn Sine Die.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Law Enforcement To Conduct A Study To Determine If Xylazine Testing Strips Should Be Excluded From The State's Definition Of Drug Paraphernalia.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Law Enforcement To Conduct A Study To Determine If Xylazine Testing Strips Should Be Excluded From The State's Definition Of Drug Paraphernalia.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Hawaiian Homes Commission To Consult Beneficiaries Of The Hawaiian Homes Commission Act Regarding Alternative Waitlist And Award Prioritization Based On Lineal And Generational Descendancy For Hawaiian Home Lands Located In Hana, Maui.. Description: Urging The Hawaiian Homes Commission To Consult Beneficiaries Of The Hawaiian Homes Commission Act Regarding Alternative Waitlist And Award Prioritization Based On Lineal And Generational Descendancy For Hawaiian Home Lands Located In Hana, Maui.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The State's Congressional Delegation To Advocate For The Enforcement Of Existing International Laws To Reduce Ghost Nets Entering The State From International Waters And Take Other Actions To Reduce Marine Debris From Fishing Gear.. Description: Requesting The State's Congressional Delegation To Advocate For The Enforcement Of Existing International Laws To Reduce Ghost Nets Entering The State From International Waters And Take Other Actions To Reduce Marine Debris From Fishing Gear.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Human Services To Report On The Cultural And Therapeutic Services Provided By Community-based Organizations At The Kawailoa Youth And Family Wellness Center.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Human Services To Report On The Cultural And Therapeutic Services Provided By Community-based Organizations At The Kawailoa Youth And Family Wellness Center.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The University Of Hawaii To Adopt And Publicize A Statewide Equity Statement.. Description: Urging The University Of Hawaii To Adopt And Publicize A Statewide Equity Statement.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting Hawaii's Congressional Delegation To Urge Congress To Fund Construction Of A Laboratory Certified By The Environmental Protection Agency To Provide Information To The Public On Environmental Toxins In The State.. Description: Requesting Hawaii's Congressional Delegation To Urge Congress To Fund Construction Of A Laboratory Certified By The Environmental Protection Agency To Provide Information To The Public On Environmental Toxins In The State.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Department Of Accounting And General Services And The Department Of Human Resources Development To Evaluate Subsidizing Public Transit For Public Employees.. Description: Urging The Department Of Accounting And General Services And The Department Of Human Resources Development To Evaluate Subsidizing Public Transit For Public Employees.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Department Of Health To Investigate And Implement Policies To Reduce The Importation Of Ingestible Food And Beverage Products, Packaging, Or Materials Containing Perfluoroalkyl And Polyfluoroalkyl Substances Into The State.. Description: Urging The Department Of Health To Investigate And Implement Policies To Reduce The Importation Of Ingestible Food And Beverage Products, Packaging, Or Materials Containing Perfluoroalkyl And Polyfluoroalkyl Substances Into The State.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Hawaii State Energy Office To Convene A Renewable Liquid Fuels Working Group To Study Local Production, Development, And Incentives For Renewable Liquid Fuels.. Description: Requesting The Hawaii State Energy Office To Convene A Renewable Liquid Fuels Working Group To Study Local Production, Development, And Incentives For Renewable Liquid Fuels.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Land And Natural Resources To Collaborate With Federal, State, And County Governments; Landowners; And Stakeholders To Protect, Restore, And Manage The West Maui Wetlands And Wetlands Statewide.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Land And Natural Resources To Collaborate With Federal, State, And County Governments; Landowners; And Stakeholders To Protect, Restore, And Manage The West Maui Wetlands And Wetlands Statewide.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Recognizing February 19 Through February 23, 2024, As Scholastic Journalism Week In Hawaii.. Description: Recognizing February 19 Through February 23, 2024, As Scholastic Journalism Week In Hawaii.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Legislative Reference Bureau To Conduct A Study To Examine The Implementation And Standards Of Various Sexual Health Education Policies Within The Department Of Education.. Description: Requesting The Legislative Reference Bureau To Conduct A Study To Examine The Implementation And Standards Of Various Sexual Health Education Policies Within The Department Of Education.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Recognizing And Commending The National Conference Of State Legislatures On The Upcoming Occasion Of Its Fiftieth Anniversary In 2025.. Description: Recognizing And Commending The National Conference Of State Legislatures On The Upcoming Occasion Of Its Fiftieth Anniversary In 2025.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Congratulating Vice Admiral John Wade On His Success As The Commander Of The Joint Task Force-red Hill In Defueling The Red Hill Bulk Fuel Storage Facility.. Description: Congratulating Vice Admiral John Wade On His Success As The Commander Of The Joint Task Force-red Hill In Defueling The Red Hill Bulk Fuel Storage Facility.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Congratulating Bretman Rock On His Success Across All Social Media, Commending Him For His Contributions To Supporting Youth, And Honoring His Commitment And Contributions To The State Of Hawaii, The United States And The World, Including His Continued Efforts To Support Native Hawaiians And Filipinos.. Description: Congratulating Bretman Rock On His Success Across All Social Media, Commending Him For His Contributions To Supporting Youth, And Honoring His Commitment And Contributions To The State Of Hawaii, The United States And The World, Including His Continued Efforts To Support Native Hawaiians And Filipinos.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Honoring And Commending Judge Michael A. Town For His Lifetime Achievements And Expressing Its Deepest Gratitude For His Service To The State Of Hawaii.. Description: Honoring And Commending Judge Michael A. Town For His Lifetime Achievements And Expressing Its Deepest Gratitude For His Service To The State Of Hawaii.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Congratulating The 2024 Hawaii State Teacher Of The Year And The 2024 Teachers Of The Year For School Complex Areas In The Honolulu District, Leeward District, And Windward District.. Description: Congratulating The 2024 Hawaii State Teacher Of The Year And The 2024 Teachers Of The Year For School Complex Areas In The Honolulu District, Leeward District, And Windward District.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Congratulating The 2024 Teachers Of The Year For School Complex Areas In The Hawaii District, Maui District, And Kauai District And Commending The 2023 Hawaii School Counselor Of The Year.. Description: Congratulating The 2024 Teachers Of The Year For School Complex Areas In The Hawaii District, Maui District, And Kauai District And Commending The 2023 Hawaii School Counselor Of The Year.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Recognizing The Genki Ala Wai Project For Its Efforts To Help Restore And Revitalize The Ala Wai Canal.. Description: Recognizing The Genki Ala Wai Project For Its Efforts To Help Restore And Revitalize The Ala Wai Canal.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Congratulating The 2023 National Distinguished Principal For Hawaii, 2023 State Principal Of The Year For Hawaii, 2023 Masayuki Tokioka Excellence In School Leadership Awardee, 2023 National Outstanding Assistant Principal, 2023 State Assistant Principal Of The Year For Hawaii, 2023 Outstanding Library Service Awardee, 2023 Golden Key Awardee, 2023 Milken Teacher Of Promise Awardee, And 2023 U.s. Department Of Education National Blue Ribbon Schools.. Description: Congratulating The 2023 National Distinguished Principal For Hawaii, 2023 State Principal Of The Year For Hawaii, 2023 Masayuki Tokioka Excellence In School Leadership Awardee, 2023 National Outstanding Assistant Principal, 2023 State Assistant Principal Of The Year For Hawaii, 2023 Outstanding Library Service Awardee, 2023 Golden Key Awardee, 2023 Milken Teacher Of Promise Awardee, And 2023 U.s. Department Of Education National Blue Ribbon Schools.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Congratulating The 2024 United States Senate Youth Program Delegate, 2023 Prudential Emerging Visionaries Winner, 2023 U.s. Presidential Scholar, And 2024 Hawaii Lifesmarts State Competition Winners.. Description: Congratulating The 2024 United States Senate Youth Program Delegate, 2023 Prudential Emerging Visionaries Winner, 2023 U.s. Presidential Scholar, And 2024 Hawaii Lifesmarts State Competition Winners.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Recognizing Chad Buck, Founder And Chief Executive Officer Of The Hawaii Foodservice Alliance, Llc, For Being A Beacon Of Light And Hope By Immediately Distributing Aid To The Lahaina Wildfire Disaster Victims During Their Darkest Hours.. Description: Recognizing Chad Buck, Founder And Chief Executive Officer Of The Hawaii Foodservice Alliance, Llc, For Being A Beacon Of Light And Hope By Immediately Distributing Aid To The Lahaina Wildfire Disaster Victims During Their Darkest Hours.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Congratulating Central Pacific Bank On Its 70th Anniversary.. Description: Congratulating Central Pacific Bank On Its 70th Anniversary.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Congratulating The Waipahu Marauders Football Team On Winning The 2023 Division I State Football Championship.. Description: Congratulating The Waipahu Marauders Football Team On Winning The 2023 Division I State Football Championship.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Recognizing The Achievements Of Khi Lewis As President And Chief Executive Officer Of The Council For Native Hawaiian Advancement.. Description: Recognizing The Achievements Of Khi Lewis As President And Chief Executive Officer Of The Council For Native Hawaiian Advancement.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Authorizing And Empowering The Speaker To Perform And Carry Out Any Official Legislative Business During The Interim Between The 2024 And 2025 Regular Sessions.. Description: Authorizing And Empowering The Speaker To Perform And Carry Out Any Official Legislative Business During The Interim Between The 2024 And 2025 Regular Sessions.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Recognizing The Day Of The Second New Moon After The Winter Solstice Of Every Year As The Lunar New Year In The State Of Hawaii.. Description: Recognizing The Day Of The Second New Moon After The Winter Solstice Of Every Year As The Lunar New Year In The State Of Hawaii.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging This Body To Endorse The Participation Of Taiwan As An Observer In The United Nations Framework Convention On Climate Change, International Civil Aviation Organization, World Health Organization, And International Criminal Police Organization; Supporting The Further Progress On The United States-taiwan Initiative On 21st-century Trade, A Speedy Conclusion To This Negotiation, And Encouraging The United States Trade Representative To Commence Negotiations To Enter Into A Bilateral Trade Agreement With Taiwan; And Supporting The State Of Hawaii's Thirty-first Anniversary Of Sister-state Relations With Taiwan And Commemorating The Forty-fifth Anniversary Of The Taiwan Relations Act.. Description: Urging This Body To Endorse The Participation Of Taiwan As An Observer In The United Nations Framework Convention On Climate Change, International Civil Aviation Organization, World Health Organization, And International Criminal Police Organization; Supporting The Further Progress On The United States-taiwan Initiative On 21st-century Trade, A Speedy Conclusion To This Negotiation, And Encouraging The United States Trade Representative To Commence Negotiations To Enter Into A Bilateral Trade Agreement With Taiwan; And Supporting The State Of Hawaii's Thirty-first Anniversary Of Sister-state Relations With Taiwan And Commemorating The Forty-fifth Anniversary Of The Taiwan Relations Act.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The United States Geological Survey To Conduct Topographical Surveys, Particularly Within Lava-flow Hazard Zones 1 And 2, To Update Its Long-term Lava-flow Hazard Map Of Hawaii Island.. Description: Urging The United States Geological Survey To Conduct Topographical Surveys, Particularly Within Lava-flow Hazard Zones 1 And 2, To Update Its Long-term Lava-flow Hazard Map Of Hawaii Island.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Prompt Implementation Of The Hawaii Electronic Information Technology Accessibility Act On Or Before December 31, 2024.. Description: Urging The Prompt Implementation Of The Hawaii Electronic Information Technology Accessibility Act On Or Before December 31, 2024.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The President Of The United States And Members Of Hawaii's Congressional Delegation To Support An Immediate And Permanent Ceasefire In Gaza.. Description: Urging The President Of The United States And Members Of Hawaii's Congressional Delegation To Support An Immediate And Permanent Ceasefire In Gaza.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Department Of Health To Amend The Hawaii Administrative Rules To Authorize Licensed Dietitians To Prescribe Modified Diets And Plan Therapeutic Diets.. Description: Urging The Department Of Health To Amend The Hawaii Administrative Rules To Authorize Licensed Dietitians To Prescribe Modified Diets And Plan Therapeutic Diets.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Encouraging The United States Navy To Eradicate Octocoral And Other Invasive Species From Pearl Harbor.. Description: Encouraging The United States Navy To Eradicate Octocoral And Other Invasive Species From Pearl Harbor.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Department Of Agriculture To Support Efforts To Improve The Aquaculture Development Program Strategic Plan.. Description: Urging The Department Of Agriculture To Support Efforts To Improve The Aquaculture Development Program Strategic Plan.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Women's Corrections Implementation Commission To Develop A Strategy And Make Recommendations To Reduce The Number Of Women Incarcerated At The Women's Community Correctional Center By Twenty-five Percent Over The Next Five Years.. Description: Requesting The Women's Corrections Implementation Commission To Develop A Strategy And Make Recommendations To Reduce The Number Of Women Incarcerated At The Women's Community Correctional Center By Twenty-five Percent Over The Next Five Years.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Recognizing The Issue Of Illegal Dumping Within The Waipahu Community And Urging The State, City And County Of Honolulu, And Military To Work Together To Address This Concern.. Description: Recognizing The Issue Of Illegal Dumping Within The Waipahu Community And Urging The State, City And County Of Honolulu, And Military To Work Together To Address This Concern.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Labor And Industrial Relations To Convene An Interagency Task Force To Combat The Underground Economy And Employee Misclassification In The State's Construction Industry.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Labor And Industrial Relations To Convene An Interagency Task Force To Combat The Underground Economy And Employee Misclassification In The State's Construction Industry.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Members Of Hawaii's Congressional Delegation To Introduce Legislation To Expand The National Flood Insurance Program To Include Lava And Earthquake Insurance.. Description: Urging The Members Of Hawaii's Congressional Delegation To Introduce Legislation To Expand The National Flood Insurance Program To Include Lava And Earthquake Insurance.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Hawaii Housing Finance And Development Corporation To Amend The Priority For Which Low-income Housing Tax Credits Are Allocated And Moneys In The Rental Housing Revolving Fund Are Used And To Adopt Certain Administrative Rules That Incentivize The Development Of Affordable Housing In The State.. Description: Urging The Hawaii Housing Finance And Development Corporation To Amend The Priority For Which Low-income Housing Tax Credits Are Allocated And Moneys In The Rental Housing Revolving Fund Are Used And To Adopt Certain Administrative Rules That Incentivize The Development Of Affordable Housing In The State.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Director Of Finance To Adopt Administrative Rules To Define "beneficial Effects To The State" In Section 38-2, Hawaii Revised Statutes, To Include The Financing Of Housing.. Description: Urging The Director Of Finance To Adopt Administrative Rules To Define "beneficial Effects To The State" In Section 38-2, Hawaii Revised Statutes, To Include The Financing Of Housing.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Accounting And General Services To Establish A Working Group To Plan And Construct A Hawaii First Responders Memorial.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Accounting And General Services To Establish A Working Group To Plan And Construct A Hawaii First Responders Memorial.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Department Of Law Enforcement To Develop And Implement A U Visa Certification Policy.. Description: Urging The Department Of Law Enforcement To Develop And Implement A U Visa Certification Policy.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Health To Convene A Stakeholder Working Group To Make Recommendations To Enhance Meaningful Access To Health Care In The State Through The Provision Of Language Assistance Services.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Health To Convene A Stakeholder Working Group To Make Recommendations To Enhance Meaningful Access To Health Care In The State Through The Provision Of Language Assistance Services.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Legislative Reference Bureau To Conduct A Study Of A Continuous Legislative Session, Extending The Legislative Session, And Adding Additional Recess Days.. Description: Requesting The Legislative Reference Bureau To Conduct A Study Of A Continuous Legislative Session, Extending The Legislative Session, And Adding Additional Recess Days.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Board Of Agriculture To Conduct A Study On The Percentages Of Agricultural Lands Being Leased By The State That Are Suitable For Farming And Actively Being Used For Farming Purposes And Certain Dollar Amounts Relating To Lease Transfers.. Description: Requesting The Board Of Agriculture To Conduct A Study On The Percentages Of Agricultural Lands Being Leased By The State That Are Suitable For Farming And Actively Being Used For Farming Purposes And Certain Dollar Amounts Relating To Lease Transfers.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting That The Department Of Agriculture Convene An Advisory Commission To Address Certain Issues To Guide Action And Progress In The Agriculture, Aquaculture, And Food Systems Industries Of The State.. Description: Requesting That The Department Of Agriculture Convene An Advisory Commission To Address Certain Issues To Guide Action And Progress In The Agriculture, Aquaculture, And Food Systems Industries Of The State.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Directing The Hawaii Emergency Management Agency To Submit A Grant Request To The Federal Emergency Management Agency For Rockfall Mitigation In Moanalua Gardens And Moanalua Valley, Oahu.. Description: Directing The Hawaii Emergency Management Agency To Submit A Grant Request To The Federal Emergency Management Agency For Rockfall Mitigation In Moanalua Gardens And Moanalua Valley, Oahu.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Hawaii Community Development Authority To Establish A Multiagency Working Group To Update The Maps, Tier Tables, And Inventories Of State Lands Suitable And Available For Affordable Housing Development.. Description: Urging The Hawaii Community Development Authority To Establish A Multiagency Working Group To Update The Maps, Tier Tables, And Inventories Of State Lands Suitable And Available For Affordable Housing Development.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Hawaii Housing Finance And Development Corporation To Adopt Administrative Rules To Create A Process Under Section 201h-38, Hawaii Revised Statutes, For Housing Projects Exclusively For Sale Or Rent To Qualified Residents As Defined In Section 201h-32, Hawaii Revised Statutes, Who Are Deemed To Be Moderate-income Households.. Description: Urging The Hawaii Housing Finance And Development Corporation To Adopt Administrative Rules To Create A Process Under Section 201h-38, Hawaii Revised Statutes, For Housing Projects Exclusively For Sale Or Rent To Qualified Residents As Defined In Section 201h-32, Hawaii Revised Statutes, Who Are Deemed To Be Moderate-income Households.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Hawaii Housing Finance And Development Corporation To Develop A Plan To Build One Hundred Thousand Homes Over The Next Ten Years.. Description: Urging The Hawaii Housing Finance And Development Corporation To Develop A Plan To Build One Hundred Thousand Homes Over The Next Ten Years.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Hawaii Housing Finance And Development Corporation To Adopt Administrative Rules To Enable Credit Enhancement For Construction Loans Under Any Funds Administered By The Corporation.. Description: Requesting The Hawaii Housing Finance And Development Corporation To Adopt Administrative Rules To Enable Credit Enhancement For Construction Loans Under Any Funds Administered By The Corporation.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Transportation To Prioritize Remediation Of The Flooding Issues Present On Route 11 Around Mile Post Sixty As A Safety Project.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Transportation To Prioritize Remediation Of The Flooding Issues Present On Route 11 Around Mile Post Sixty As A Safety Project.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The State And Counties To Prioritize And Direct All Available Resources To Supporting Coordinated Interagency Collaboration And Public-private Partnerships Aimed At Addressing The Ongoing Fentanyl Epidemic.. Description: Urging The State And Counties To Prioritize And Direct All Available Resources To Supporting Coordinated Interagency Collaboration And Public-private Partnerships Aimed At Addressing The Ongoing Fentanyl Epidemic.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Department Of Health To Convene An Informal Working Group To Assess The Registration And Monitoring Of All Group Living Facilities As Described In Section 46-4(d), Hawaii Revised Statutes, Including Clean And Sober Homes.. Description: Urging The Department Of Health To Convene An Informal Working Group To Assess The Registration And Monitoring Of All Group Living Facilities As Described In Section 46-4(d), Hawaii Revised Statutes, Including Clean And Sober Homes.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Legislature To Preserve, Protect, And Restore Limu Kala.. Description: Urging The Legislature To Preserve, Protect, And Restore Limu Kala.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting Businesses In Hawaii To Use Hawaiian Language And Requesting The Department Of Education To Develop And Implement Education Programs To Teach Employees Hawaiian And Hire Permanent Hawaiian Language Teachers.. Description: Requesting Businesses In Hawaii To Use Hawaiian Language And Requesting The Department Of Education To Develop And Implement Education Programs To Teach Employees Hawaiian And Hire Permanent Hawaiian Language Teachers.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Hawaii Emergency Management Agency To Install A New Emergency Siren Near The Intersection Of Aumakua Street And Auhuhu Street In Upper Pacific Palisades.. Description: Requesting The Hawaii Emergency Management Agency To Install A New Emergency Siren Near The Intersection Of Aumakua Street And Auhuhu Street In Upper Pacific Palisades.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Health To Conduct A Feasibility Study On The Implementation Of Continuous Monitoring And Sampling Technologies In Waste Combustion Facilities And Municipal Solid Waste Landfills.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Health To Conduct A Feasibility Study On The Implementation Of Continuous Monitoring And Sampling Technologies In Waste Combustion Facilities And Municipal Solid Waste Landfills.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Governor To Ensure That Relevant State Agencies, Including The Department Of Health And Department Of Human Services, Collaborate To Explore Avenues To Ensure Continued Access To Affordable Medications For The State's Underserved Populations Under The 340b Drug Pricing Program And Urging Hawaii's Congressional Delegation And Relevant Federal Agencies To Monitor Pharmaceutical Companies And Take Appropriate Actions To Protect The Integrity Of The 340b Drug Pricing Program.. Description: Urging The Governor To Ensure That Relevant State Agencies, Including The Department Of Health And Department Of Human Services, Collaborate To Explore Avenues To Ensure Continued Access To Affordable Medications For The State's Underserved Populations Under The 340b Drug Pricing Program And Urging Hawaii's Congressional Delegation And Relevant Federal Agencies To Monitor Pharmaceutical Companies And Take Appropriate Actions To Protect The Integrity Of The 340b Drug Pricing Program.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Office Of Enterprise Technology Services To Improve The State Of Hawaii's Open Data Portal By Increasing And Expanding The Data Sets Available On The Open Data Portal, Centralizing All Open Data Sets Of All State Departments Onto The Open Data Portal, And Continually Updating The Data Sets For Accuracy And Recency Of Publicly Accessible Data.. Description: Urging The Office Of Enterprise Technology Services To Improve The State Of Hawaii's Open Data Portal By Increasing And Expanding The Data Sets Available On The Open Data Portal, Centralizing All Open Data Sets Of All State Departments Onto The Open Data Portal, And Continually Updating The Data Sets For Accuracy And Recency Of Publicly Accessible Data.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Law Enforcement To Convene A Search And Rescue Working Group To Develop And Make Recommendations To Deter Hikers From Entering Illegal Hiking Trails And To Address Rising Search And Rescue Costs Facing The State And Counties Due To Increased Illegal Hiking Traffic.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Law Enforcement To Convene A Search And Rescue Working Group To Develop And Make Recommendations To Deter Hikers From Entering Illegal Hiking Trails And To Address Rising Search And Rescue Costs Facing The State And Counties Due To Increased Illegal Hiking Traffic.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Department Of Transportation To Install Speed Bumps And Speed Limit Signage On The Portion Of Kapolei Parkway Between Kapolei High School And Kapolei Middle School.. Description: Urging The Department Of Transportation To Install Speed Bumps And Speed Limit Signage On The Portion Of Kapolei Parkway Between Kapolei High School And Kapolei Middle School.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Department Of Hawaiian Home Lands To Adopt And Implement A Neighborhood Security Watch In Each Homestead Area.. Description: Urging The Department Of Hawaiian Home Lands To Adopt And Implement A Neighborhood Security Watch In Each Homestead Area.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting That The Hawaii State Energy Office And Office Of Planning And Sustainable Development Develop A Plan To Implement Waste-to-energy And Other Alternative Technology Solutions.. Description: Requesting That The Hawaii State Energy Office And Office Of Planning And Sustainable Development Develop A Plan To Implement Waste-to-energy And Other Alternative Technology Solutions.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Insurance Commissioner To Research And Convene Stakeholder Discussions To Consider The Concept Of A Wildfire Insurance Compact.. Description: Requesting The Insurance Commissioner To Research And Convene Stakeholder Discussions To Consider The Concept Of A Wildfire Insurance Compact.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Establishment Of A Telehealth Working Group To Examine The Impact Of Widespread Telehealth Adoption During The Covid-19 Pandemic And Identify Public Policy Initiatives At The Federal And State Level To Optimize Telehealth Utilization As The State Transitions Out Of The Covid-19 Pandemic.. Description: Requesting The Establishment Of A Telehealth Working Group To Examine The Impact Of Widespread Telehealth Adoption During The Covid-19 Pandemic And Identify Public Policy Initiatives At The Federal And State Level To Optimize Telehealth Utilization As The State Transitions Out Of The Covid-19 Pandemic.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Hawaii State Energy Office To Convene A Renewable Liquid Fuels Working Group To Study Local Production, Development, And Incentives For Renewable Liquid Fuels.. Description: Requesting The Hawaii State Energy Office To Convene A Renewable Liquid Fuels Working Group To Study Local Production, Development, And Incentives For Renewable Liquid Fuels.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging A Transition To A Plant-based Lifestyle.. Description: Urging A Transition To A Plant-based Lifestyle.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting All High-occupancy State And County Buildings, The Design Of Which Commences On Or After July 1, 2025, To Be Designed And Constructed To Withstand Category Five Hurricanes And To Serve As Shelters In The Event Of An Emergency.. Description: Requesting All High-occupancy State And County Buildings, The Design Of Which Commences On Or After July 1, 2025, To Be Designed And Constructed To Withstand Category Five Hurricanes And To Serve As Shelters In The Event Of An Emergency.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The State, City And County Of Honolulu, And United States Military To Coordinate And Address The Issue Of Illegal Dumping Within Waipahu And The Surrounding Communities Of Ewa, Pearl City, And Aiea On Oahu.. Description: Urging The State, City And County Of Honolulu, And United States Military To Coordinate And Address The Issue Of Illegal Dumping Within Waipahu And The Surrounding Communities Of Ewa, Pearl City, And Aiea On Oahu.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Hawaii Climate Change Mitigation And Adaptation Commission To Conduct An Educational Program Regarding The Activities Of Individuals That Contribute To Climate Change.. Description: Requesting The Hawaii Climate Change Mitigation And Adaptation Commission To Conduct An Educational Program Regarding The Activities Of Individuals That Contribute To Climate Change.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Department Of Health, Department Of Transportation, And Department Of Land And Natural Resources To Take Any Action Possible To Reduce The Carbon Emissions Arising From Airplane Transportation To And From The State.. Description: Urging The Department Of Health, Department Of Transportation, And Department Of Land And Natural Resources To Take Any Action Possible To Reduce The Carbon Emissions Arising From Airplane Transportation To And From The State.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The United States Congress To Adopt The Social Security 2100 Act.. Description: Urging The United States Congress To Adopt The Social Security 2100 Act.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The City And County Of Honolulu To Transfer To The State The City And County Of Honolulu's Authority To Construct A Makakilo Drive Extension.. Description: Requesting The City And County Of Honolulu To Transfer To The State The City And County Of Honolulu's Authority To Construct A Makakilo Drive Extension.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Demanding The Department Of Accounting And General Services To Develop A Comprehensive Recycling Program, With Specific Focus On The Collection Of Hi-5 Recyclable Items, To Be Implemented In All Offices At The Hawaii State Capitol.. Description: Demanding The Department Of Accounting And General Services To Develop A Comprehensive Recycling Program, With Specific Focus On The Collection Of Hi-5 Recyclable Items, To Be Implemented In All Offices At The Hawaii State Capitol.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Department Of Hawaiian Home Lands To Display A Portrait Of Prince Jonah Kuhio Kalanianaole In Each State Building, Office, Meeting Room, And Waiting Area Under The Department's Jurisdiction.. Description: Urging The Department Of Hawaiian Home Lands To Display A Portrait Of Prince Jonah Kuhio Kalanianaole In Each State Building, Office, Meeting Room, And Waiting Area Under The Department's Jurisdiction.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Encouraging Developers To Incorporate Net Zero Water Building Strategies When Constructing And Renovating Housing Projects In The State.. Description: Encouraging Developers To Incorporate Net Zero Water Building Strategies When Constructing And Renovating Housing Projects In The State.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Department Of Transportation To Work With The City And County Of Honolulu To Plan And Implement Options For Alternative Ingress And Egress Routes In Pacific Palisades.. Description: Urging The Department Of Transportation To Work With The City And County Of Honolulu To Plan And Implement Options For Alternative Ingress And Egress Routes In Pacific Palisades.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Land And Natural Resources To Identify All Appropriate Sites At State Parks At Which A Water-bottle Filling Station Could Be Installed.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Land And Natural Resources To Identify All Appropriate Sites At State Parks At Which A Water-bottle Filling Station Could Be Installed.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Office Of Planning And Sustainable Development And Land Use Commission To Develop An Integrated Land Use Plan.. Description: Requesting The Office Of Planning And Sustainable Development And Land Use Commission To Develop An Integrated Land Use Plan.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Land And Natural Resources To Work With The National Oceanic And Atmospheric Administration And Other Experts To Conduct A Study On The Population Status Of Depleted Coral Reef Herbivores Around The Island Of Oahu And Develop Effective Alternative Policies For Substantially Replenishing Those Populations Within A Decade.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Land And Natural Resources To Work With The National Oceanic And Atmospheric Administration And Other Experts To Conduct A Study On The Population Status Of Depleted Coral Reef Herbivores Around The Island Of Oahu And Develop Effective Alternative Policies For Substantially Replenishing Those Populations Within A Decade.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Land And Natural Resources To Convene A Working Group To Make Recommendations On Solutions To Reduce Wildfire Risk And The Feasibility Of Establishing A Vegetation Management Program As It Relates To Landowners And Public Utilities.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Land And Natural Resources To Convene A Working Group To Make Recommendations On Solutions To Reduce Wildfire Risk And The Feasibility Of Establishing A Vegetation Management Program As It Relates To Landowners And Public Utilities.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Encouraging The Department Of Agriculture And Hawaii State Energy Office To Increase The State's Usage Of Biodiesel And To Fund Programs That Support The Development Of The Biodiesel Industry.. Description: Encouraging The Department Of Agriculture And Hawaii State Energy Office To Increase The State's Usage Of Biodiesel And To Fund Programs That Support The Development Of The Biodiesel Industry.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Health To Establish A Per- And Polyfluoroalkyl Substances Testing Grant Program In Collaboration With The University Of Hawaii.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Health To Establish A Per- And Polyfluoroalkyl Substances Testing Grant Program In Collaboration With The University Of Hawaii.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Agriculture To Establish A Sustainable Food Systems Working Group To Develop An Interagency Food Systems Plan.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Agriculture To Establish A Sustainable Food Systems Working Group To Develop An Interagency Food Systems Plan.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Department Of Health To Take All Action Necessary To Require Wastewater Treatment Plants To Test Sewage Sludge And Any Other Residual Material For The Presence Of Perfluoroalkyl And Polyfluoroalkyl Substances.. Description: Urging The Department Of Health To Take All Action Necessary To Require Wastewater Treatment Plants To Test Sewage Sludge And Any Other Residual Material For The Presence Of Perfluoroalkyl And Polyfluoroalkyl Substances.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging Hawaii's Congressional Delegation To Take All Actions Necessary And Proper To Cause The United States Congress To Fund The Construction And Commencement Of Operations Of A Laboratory Certified By The United States Environmental Protection Agency To Analyze Environmental Toxins In The State And Publish The Results To The Public.. Description: Urging Hawaii's Congressional Delegation To Take All Actions Necessary And Proper To Cause The United States Congress To Fund The Construction And Commencement Of Operations Of A Laboratory Certified By The United States Environmental Protection Agency To Analyze Environmental Toxins In The State And Publish The Results To The Public.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Office Of The Governor To Convene A Working Group To Plan For The Remediation Of Perfluoroalkyl And Polyfluoroalkyl Substances (pfas) In The State.. Description: Requesting The Office Of The Governor To Convene A Working Group To Plan For The Remediation Of Perfluoroalkyl And Polyfluoroalkyl Substances (pfas) In The State.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging Every State Agency That Monitors Environmental Toxins And Pollutants To Follow Certain Procedural And Substantive Requirements For The Establishment And Modifications Of Environmental Action Levels.. Description: Urging Every State Agency That Monitors Environmental Toxins And Pollutants To Follow Certain Procedural And Substantive Requirements For The Establishment And Modifications Of Environmental Action Levels.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Hawaii Climate Change Mitigation And Adaption Commission To Develop Vehicle Miles Traveled Reduction Strategies And Make Related Recommendations.. Description: Requesting The Hawaii Climate Change Mitigation And Adaption Commission To Develop Vehicle Miles Traveled Reduction Strategies And Make Related Recommendations.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting A Task Force Be Convened To Develop Options To Reduce Cost And Return Increased Value To Residents From Funds Made Available By The State For Public Mass Transit.. Description: Requesting A Task Force Be Convened To Develop Options To Reduce Cost And Return Increased Value To Residents From Funds Made Available By The State For Public Mass Transit.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Convening Of A Task Force To Research And Develop A Green Highway Program.. Description: Requesting The Convening Of A Task Force To Research And Develop A Green Highway Program.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Governor's Senior Advisor For Mental Health And The Justice System To Define Their Role And To Provide An Annual Report To The Legislature On The Progress The State Has Made Towards Jail Diversion.. Description: Urging The Governor's Senior Advisor For Mental Health And The Justice System To Define Their Role And To Provide An Annual Report To The Legislature On The Progress The State Has Made Towards Jail Diversion.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting Stakeholders To Update The East-west Center Study Titled "hawaii As An East-west Bridge: A Survey Of The Economic Value Of Non-tourist International Activities In Hawaii".. Description: Requesting Stakeholders To Update The East-west Center Study Titled "hawaii As An East-west Bridge: A Survey Of The Economic Value Of Non-tourist International Activities In Hawaii".
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Encouraging The State To Consider The Initiation Of A Sister-state Relationship Between Hawaii And The Spanish Province Of The Balearic Islands.. Description: Encouraging The State To Consider The Initiation Of A Sister-state Relationship Between Hawaii And The Spanish Province Of The Balearic Islands.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Insurance Commissioner To Conduct A Comprehensive Study On Wildfire Risk And Insurance, Including Market-based Approaches.. Description: Requesting The Insurance Commissioner To Conduct A Comprehensive Study On Wildfire Risk And Insurance, Including Market-based Approaches.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The State To Begin Planning To Collaborate With Partners In Japan To Appropriately Recognize The Eightieth Anniversary Of The End Of World War Ii, Including The Atomic Bombings And Lives Lost In Japan And Hawaii Throughout The War, And Reaffirm A Commitment To Ensuring These Tragedies Are Never Repeated.. Description: Requesting The State To Begin Planning To Collaborate With Partners In Japan To Appropriately Recognize The Eightieth Anniversary Of The End Of World War Ii, Including The Atomic Bombings And Lives Lost In Japan And Hawaii Throughout The War, And Reaffirm A Commitment To Ensuring These Tragedies Are Never Repeated.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The State Foundation On Culture And The Arts To Convene A Task Force To Develop Art, Branding, And Narratives For An Appropriate Selection Of Hawaii's Unique Communities, Landmarks, Parks, And Other Similar Areas.. Description: Urging The State Foundation On Culture And The Arts To Convene A Task Force To Develop Art, Branding, And Narratives For An Appropriate Selection Of Hawaii's Unique Communities, Landmarks, Parks, And Other Similar Areas.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The State Foundation On Culture And The Arts To Convene A Task Force To Research And Develop A Plan To Expand Access To Chess As A Competitive Sport.. Description: Urging The State Foundation On Culture And The Arts To Convene A Task Force To Research And Develop A Plan To Expand Access To Chess As A Competitive Sport.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Office Of Planning And Sustainable Development To Convene A Working Group To Develop Recommendations To Expand Blue Carbon Initiatives In The State.. Description: Requesting The Office Of Planning And Sustainable Development To Convene A Working Group To Develop Recommendations To Expand Blue Carbon Initiatives In The State.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The City And County Of Honolulu To Collaborate With The State To Expand Community Gardening Opportunities For Residents.. Description: Requesting The City And County Of Honolulu To Collaborate With The State To Expand Community Gardening Opportunities For Residents.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Hawaii Professional Chapter Of The Society Of Professional Journalists To Recommend A Process That Individuals Can Utilize To Evaluate And Identify Whether Or Not News Sources Adhere To Ethical And Objective Standards.. Description: Requesting The Hawaii Professional Chapter Of The Society Of Professional Journalists To Recommend A Process That Individuals Can Utilize To Evaluate And Identify Whether Or Not News Sources Adhere To Ethical And Objective Standards.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging Congress To Take Immediate And Decisive Action To Support Middle- And Lower-income Households In America.. Description: Urging Congress To Take Immediate And Decisive Action To Support Middle- And Lower-income Households In America.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting That The Governor Establish A Leadership Accelerator Program For Exceptional Managers In State Government.. Description: Requesting That The Governor Establish A Leadership Accelerator Program For Exceptional Managers In State Government.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of The Attorney General To Convene A Working Group To Study The Effectiveness Of Existing State Laws In Addressing The False Labeling Of Hawaii-made Food Products, With A Specific Emphasis On The Legal Mechanisms And Costs Associated With Protecting The Brands Of Hawaii-made Food Products.. Description: Requesting The Department Of The Attorney General To Convene A Working Group To Study The Effectiveness Of Existing State Laws In Addressing The False Labeling Of Hawaii-made Food Products, With A Specific Emphasis On The Legal Mechanisms And Costs Associated With Protecting The Brands Of Hawaii-made Food Products.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Department Of Agriculture To Establish A Two-year Agricultural Crime Pilot Project To Examine And Assess The Effectiveness Of Prosecuting Agricultural Crime Cases, Including Those Of Agricultural Theft, Vandalism, And Trespass, In The State.. Description: Urging The Department Of Agriculture To Establish A Two-year Agricultural Crime Pilot Project To Examine And Assess The Effectiveness Of Prosecuting Agricultural Crime Cases, Including Those Of Agricultural Theft, Vandalism, And Trespass, In The State.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Transportation To Conduct A Study On The Feasibility Of Bringing Other Airlines To The Molokai Airport.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Transportation To Conduct A Study On The Feasibility Of Bringing Other Airlines To The Molokai Airport.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Reaffirming The State's Commitment To Providing Culturally Appropriate Resources, Services, And Programs For Native Hawaiian Individuals And Families Experiencing Intellectual Developmental Disabilities.. Description: Reaffirming The State's Commitment To Providing Culturally Appropriate Resources, Services, And Programs For Native Hawaiian Individuals And Families Experiencing Intellectual Developmental Disabilities.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Department Of Health To Investigate And Implement Policies To Reduce The Importation Of Products, Packaging, Or Materials Containing Perfluoroalkyl And Polyfluoroalkyl Substances Into The State.. Description: Urging The Department Of Health To Investigate And Implement Policies To Reduce The Importation Of Products, Packaging, Or Materials Containing Perfluoroalkyl And Polyfluoroalkyl Substances Into The State.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Business, Economic Development, And Tourism To Propose Legislation That Establishes Incentives For Firm Renewable Electricity Generation.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Business, Economic Development, And Tourism To Propose Legislation That Establishes Incentives For Firm Renewable Electricity Generation.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Business, Economic Development, And Tourism To Collaborate With Universities In The State To Convene The Hawaii Creative Innovation Group.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Business, Economic Development, And Tourism To Collaborate With Universities In The State To Convene The Hawaii Creative Innovation Group.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Health To Convene A Twenty-first Century Data Governance Task Force To Assess Current Demographic Data Collection, Processing, Retention, And Sharing Procedures Utilized By All State Agencies.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Health To Convene A Twenty-first Century Data Governance Task Force To Assess Current Demographic Data Collection, Processing, Retention, And Sharing Procedures Utilized By All State Agencies.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Human Services To Report On The Cultural And Therapeutic Services Provided By Community-based Organizations At The Kawailoa Youth And Family Wellness Center.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Human Services To Report On The Cultural And Therapeutic Services Provided By Community-based Organizations At The Kawailoa Youth And Family Wellness Center.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Department Of Land And Natural Resources And Board Of Land And Natural Resources To Adopt Certain Procedures Relating To The Dam And Appurtenance Improvement Or Removal Grant Program To Assist Applicants In Obtaining Grants.. Description: Urging The Department Of Land And Natural Resources And Board Of Land And Natural Resources To Adopt Certain Procedures Relating To The Dam And Appurtenance Improvement Or Removal Grant Program To Assist Applicants In Obtaining Grants.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Budget And Finance To Work With The State Council On Developmental Disabilities To Enhance The Able Savings Program By Promoting It To All Individuals Who May Qualify.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Budget And Finance To Work With The State Council On Developmental Disabilities To Enhance The Able Savings Program By Promoting It To All Individuals Who May Qualify.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The State To Prohibit The Introduction Of Biocontrol Agents That Might Threaten Economically Important Forage Grass Species.. Description: Urging The State To Prohibit The Introduction Of Biocontrol Agents That Might Threaten Economically Important Forage Grass Species.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Public Utilities Commission To Honor And Comply With Its Statutory Duty To Investigate The Causes Of The August 2023 Maui Wildfires As Required By Section 269-9, Hawaii Revised Statutes.. Description: Urging The Public Utilities Commission To Honor And Comply With Its Statutory Duty To Investigate The Causes Of The August 2023 Maui Wildfires As Required By Section 269-9, Hawaii Revised Statutes.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Department Of The Attorney General To Investigate And Enforce Applicable Laws Against Landlords Who Are Ending Rental Agreements To House Femaeligible Households Through The Direct Lease Program Or The Department Of Human Services Rental Assistance Program.. Description: Urging The Department Of The Attorney General To Investigate And Enforce Applicable Laws Against Landlords Who Are Ending Rental Agreements To House Femaeligible Households Through The Direct Lease Program Or The Department Of Human Services Rental Assistance Program.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Human Resources Development To Conduct A Sample Survey Of Organizations In The State Within The For-profit, Nonprofit, And Government Sectors That Have Successfully Implemented Remote Work, Hybrid Work, Or Telework Arrangements.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Human Resources Development To Conduct A Sample Survey Of Organizations In The State Within The For-profit, Nonprofit, And Government Sectors That Have Successfully Implemented Remote Work, Hybrid Work, Or Telework Arrangements.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Department Of Agriculture.. Description: Authorizes the department of agriculture to acquire property for immediate or future use. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Department Of Agriculture To Adopt Proposed Amendments To Chapter 4-72, Hawaii Administrative Rules, That Provide Important Authorities For The Department To Prevent The Spread Of Insects, Diseases, And Other Invasive Pests Within The State.. Description: Urging The Department Of Agriculture To Adopt Proposed Amendments To Chapter 4-72, Hawaii Administrative Rules, That Provide Important Authorities For The Department To Prevent The Spread Of Insects, Diseases, And Other Invasive Pests Within The State.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Office Of The Auditor To Conduct A Performance Audit Of The Plant Pest Control Branch And Plant Quarantine Branch Within The Plant Industry Division Of The Department Of Agriculture.. Description: Requesting The Office Of The Auditor To Conduct A Performance Audit Of The Plant Pest Control Branch And Plant Quarantine Branch Within The Plant Industry Division Of The Department Of Agriculture.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging State Departments To Require Households Impacted By The Lahaina Fires To Exhaust Their Insurance Policies Before Requesting Financial Support From The State.. Description: Urging State Departments To Require Households Impacted By The Lahaina Fires To Exhaust Their Insurance Policies Before Requesting Financial Support From The State.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Department Of Education To Study The Impact Of Teacher Salary Step Movements On Salary Schedule Compression.. Description: Urging The Department Of Education To Study The Impact Of Teacher Salary Step Movements On Salary Schedule Compression.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The University Of Hawaii To Develop A Comprehensive Plan To Address Student And Faculty Housing Facility Needs At The Manoa Campus.. Description: Requesting The University Of Hawaii To Develop A Comprehensive Plan To Address Student And Faculty Housing Facility Needs At The Manoa Campus.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Accounting And General Services And Department Of Land And Natural Resources To Work With The City And County Of Honolulu To Establish Community Gardens On Underutilized Public Land.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Accounting And General Services And Department Of Land And Natural Resources To Work With The City And County Of Honolulu To Establish Community Gardens On Underutilized Public Land.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Department Of Education, University Of Hawaii Community Colleges, And Hawaii P-20 Partnerships For Education To Develop Clear Pathways For Students In Department Of Education Career And Technical Education Academies To Seamlessly Continue Their Education In Career And Technical Education Programs At University Of Hawaii Community Colleges.. Description: Urging The Department Of Education, University Of Hawaii Community Colleges, And Hawaii P-20 Partnerships For Education To Develop Clear Pathways For Students In Department Of Education Career And Technical Education Academies To Seamlessly Continue Their Education In Career And Technical Education Programs At University Of Hawaii Community Colleges.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Encouraging The Capitol Modern Museum And State Foundation On Culture And The Arts To Increase Opportunities For Artists, Songwriters, And Producers To Showcase Their Talent On A Public Platform While Fostering Access To All Forms Of Art.. Description: Encouraging The Capitol Modern Museum And State Foundation On Culture And The Arts To Increase Opportunities For Artists, Songwriters, And Producers To Showcase Their Talent On A Public Platform While Fostering Access To All Forms Of Art.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Development Of A Baccalaureate Degree Program In Education With An Online Option At Leeward Community College To Address The Educational Needs Of Working Adults In All Counties.. Description: Urging The Development Of A Baccalaureate Degree Program In Education With An Online Option At Leeward Community College To Address The Educational Needs Of Working Adults In All Counties.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Office Of Planning And Sustainable Development And County Of Maui To Inventory And Map Existing R-1 Water Delivery Systems And Reservoirs In Maui County.. Description: Requesting The Office Of Planning And Sustainable Development And County Of Maui To Inventory And Map Existing R-1 Water Delivery Systems And Reservoirs In Maui County.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Auditor To Conduct A Social And Financial Assessment On Mandating Dental And Vision Insurance Coverage.. Description: Requesting The Auditor To Conduct A Social And Financial Assessment On Mandating Dental And Vision Insurance Coverage.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting All Branches Of The United States Military To Display The Hawaiian Flag On All United States Military Reservations And Military Training Facilities In The State.. Description: Requesting All Branches Of The United States Military To Display The Hawaiian Flag On All United States Military Reservations And Military Training Facilities In The State.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Office Of The Administrative Director Of The Courts To Collect, Compile, And Share Data On The Assessment Of Fees, Court Costs, Fines, And Restitution In Cases Against Minors.. Description: Requesting The Office Of The Administrative Director Of The Courts To Collect, Compile, And Share Data On The Assessment Of Fees, Court Costs, Fines, And Restitution In Cases Against Minors.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Department Of Land And Natural Resources To Require All Certified Arborists In Its Employ, Including Contractors, To Adhere To Industry Best Practices.. Description: Urging The Department Of Land And Natural Resources To Require All Certified Arborists In Its Employ, Including Contractors, To Adhere To Industry Best Practices.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Land And Natural Resources To Collaborate With Federal, State, And County Governments; Landowners; And Stakeholders To Protect, Restore, And Manage The West Maui Wetlands And Wetlands Statewide.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Land And Natural Resources To Collaborate With Federal, State, And County Governments; Landowners; And Stakeholders To Protect, Restore, And Manage The West Maui Wetlands And Wetlands Statewide.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Federal Emergency Management Agency To Utilize Funds For Non-congregate Housing For Infrastructure And Development Needs For Affordable Rental Housing.. Description: Urging The Federal Emergency Management Agency To Utilize Funds For Non-congregate Housing For Infrastructure And Development Needs For Affordable Rental Housing.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Land And Natural Resources To Conduct A Feasibility Study To Assess Reasonable Accommodations For Beach Access For Persons With Disabilities.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Land And Natural Resources To Conduct A Feasibility Study To Assess Reasonable Accommodations For Beach Access For Persons With Disabilities.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Federal Emergency Management Agency To Expedite The Placement Of Maui Wildfire Survivors Into The Federal Direct Lease Program.. Description: Urging The Federal Emergency Management Agency To Expedite The Placement Of Maui Wildfire Survivors Into The Federal Direct Lease Program.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Hawaii Construction Industry To Increase The Recycling Of Construction And Demolition Debris And To Expand The Usage Of Recycled Construction Materials To The Greatest Extent Possible.. Description: Urging The Hawaii Construction Industry To Increase The Recycling Of Construction And Demolition Debris And To Expand The Usage Of Recycled Construction Materials To The Greatest Extent Possible.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Health To Carry Out Widespread Soil Testing In Lahaina And To Develop A Soil Remediation Plan.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Health To Carry Out Widespread Soil Testing In Lahaina And To Develop A Soil Remediation Plan.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Division Of Boating And Ocean Recreation Of The Department Of Land And Natural Resources To Use Job Order Contracting For Boating And Ocean Recreation Facility Maintenance And Repair.. Description: Urging The Division Of Boating And Ocean Recreation Of The Department Of Land And Natural Resources To Use Job Order Contracting For Boating And Ocean Recreation Facility Maintenance And Repair.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Governor, In Collaboration With The County Of Maui, To Provide A Clear Strategy For Addressing The Short And Long-term Housing Needs For Residents Displaced By The August 2023 Maui Wildfires.. Description: Requesting The Governor, In Collaboration With The County Of Maui, To Provide A Clear Strategy For Addressing The Short And Long-term Housing Needs For Residents Displaced By The August 2023 Maui Wildfires.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Federal Government To Reimburse Hawaii For Debris Removal, The Dredging Of Toxic Materials, And Other Environmental Cleanup Efforts In Lahaina Harbor.. Description: Urging The Federal Government To Reimburse Hawaii For Debris Removal, The Dredging Of Toxic Materials, And Other Environmental Cleanup Efforts In Lahaina Harbor.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Recess Days For The Regular Session Of 2024.. Description: Relating To Recess Days For The Regular Session Of 2024.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Governor To Address The Legislature Assembled In Joint Session.. Description: Requesting The Governor To Address The Legislature Assembled In Joint Session.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging Each County To Establish An Emergency Zoning Code For Post-disaster Use.. Description: Urging Each County To Establish An Emergency Zoning Code For Post-disaster Use.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Current Members Of The Northwest Wildland Fire Protection Agreement To Amend The Agreement To Allow Hawaii To Join As A Member.. Description: Requesting The Current Members Of The Northwest Wildland Fire Protection Agreement To Amend The Agreement To Allow Hawaii To Join As A Member.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Urging Retail Stores And Pharmacies Doing Business In The State To Adopt A Policy On A National And Local Level Guaranteeing An Individual's Unhindered Access To All United States Food And Drug Administration-approved Contraceptives.. Description: Urging Retail Stores And Pharmacies Doing Business In The State To Adopt A Policy On A National And Local Level Guaranteeing An Individual's Unhindered Access To All United States Food And Drug Administration-approved Contraceptives.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Urging The Members Of Hawaii's Congressional Delegation To Monitor The Alliance For Hippocratic Medicine V. U.s. Food And Drug Administration And Take Action To Limit The Case From Further Restricting Access To Safe Abortion Options.. Description: Urging The Members Of Hawaii's Congressional Delegation To Monitor The Alliance For Hippocratic Medicine V. U.s. Food And Drug Administration And Take Action To Limit The Case From Further Restricting Access To Safe Abortion Options.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Authorizing The Issuance Of A Perpetual, Non-exclusive Easement Covering A Portion Of State Submerged Lands At Heeia, Koolaupoko, Oahu, For The Existing Drain, And For Use, Repair, And Maintenance Of The Existing Improvements Constructed Thereon.. Description: Authorizing The Issuance Of A Perpetual, Non-exclusive Easement Covering A Portion Of State Submerged Lands At Heeia, Koolaupoko, Oahu, For The Existing Drain, And For Use, Repair, And Maintenance Of The Existing Improvements Constructed Thereon.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Authorizing The Issuance Of A Term, Non-exclusive Easement Covering A Portion Of State Submerged Lands At Kaneohe, Koolaupoko, Oahu, For The Existing Boat Ramp And Concrete Wall, And For Use, Repair, And Maintenance Of The Existing Improvements Constructed Thereon.. Description: Authorizing The Issuance Of A Term, Non-exclusive Easement Covering A Portion Of State Submerged Lands At Kaneohe, Koolaupoko, Oahu, For The Existing Boat Ramp And Concrete Wall, And For Use, Repair, And Maintenance Of The Existing Improvements Constructed Thereon.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Authorizing The Issuance Of A Term, Non-exclusive Easement Covering A Portion Of State Submerged Lands At Waialae-iki, Honolulu, Oahu, For The Existing Revetment, And For Use, Repair, And Maintenance Of The Existing Improvements Constructed Thereon.. Description: Authorizing The Issuance Of A Term, Non-exclusive Easement Covering A Portion Of State Submerged Lands At Waialae-iki, Honolulu, Oahu, For The Existing Revetment, And For Use, Repair, And Maintenance Of The Existing Improvements Constructed Thereon.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Authorizing The Issuance Of A Term, Non-exclusive Easement Covering A Portion Of State Submerged Lands At Kaneohe, Koolaupoko, Oahu, For The Existing Concrete Boat Ramp, And For Use, Repair, And Maintenance Of The Existing Improvements Constructed Thereon.. Description: Authorizing The Issuance Of A Term, Non-exclusive Easement Covering A Portion Of State Submerged Lands At Kaneohe, Koolaupoko, Oahu, For The Existing Concrete Boat Ramp, And For Use, Repair, And Maintenance Of The Existing Improvements Constructed Thereon.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Authorizing The Issuance Of A Term, Non-exclusive Easement Covering A Portion Of State Submerged Lands At Hauula, Koolauloa, Oahu, For The Existing Riprap Revetment, Ramp, And Rock Groin, And For Use, Repair, And Maintenance Of The Existing Improvements Constructed Thereon.. Description: Authorizing The Issuance Of A Term, Non-exclusive Easement Covering A Portion Of State Submerged Lands At Hauula, Koolauloa, Oahu, For The Existing Riprap Revetment, Ramp, And Rock Groin, And For Use, Repair, And Maintenance Of The Existing Improvements Constructed Thereon.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Authorizing The Issuance Of A Term, Non-exclusive Easement Covering A Portion Of State Submerged Lands At Maalaea Beach Lots, Waikapu, Wailuku, Maui, For The Existing Seawall, And For Use, Repair, And Maintenance Of The Existing Improvements Constructed Thereon.. Description: Authorizing The Issuance Of A Term, Non-exclusive Easement Covering A Portion Of State Submerged Lands At Maalaea Beach Lots, Waikapu, Wailuku, Maui, For The Existing Seawall, And For Use, Repair, And Maintenance Of The Existing Improvements Constructed Thereon.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Urging The City And County Of Honolulu To Establish A New Satellite City Hall Office In Mililani To Improve Access To Government Services.. Description: Urging The City And County Of Honolulu To Establish A New Satellite City Hall Office In Mililani To Improve Access To Government Services.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Urging The Department Of Land And Natural Resources To Work With The United States Fish And Wildlife Service To Implement A Native Plant Seeding Project In Mililani Mauka To Restore The Ecological Damage From The November 2023 Wildfires.. Description: Urging The Department Of Land And Natural Resources To Work With The United States Fish And Wildlife Service To Implement A Native Plant Seeding Project In Mililani Mauka To Restore The Ecological Damage From The November 2023 Wildfires.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Urging The City And County Of Honolulu To Work With The Department Of Transportation To Plan And Implement Options For Alternative Ingress And Egress In Mililani Mauka.. Description: Urging The City And County Of Honolulu To Work With The Department Of Transportation To Plan And Implement Options For Alternative Ingress And Egress In Mililani Mauka.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Authorizing The Issuance Of A Term, Non-exclusive Easement Covering A Portion Of State Submerged Lands At Waikiki, Honolulu, Oahu, For Construction, Use, Repair, And Maintenance Of Steps.. Description: Authorizing The Issuance Of A Term, Non-exclusive Easement Covering A Portion Of State Submerged Lands At Waikiki, Honolulu, Oahu, For Construction, Use, Repair, And Maintenance Of Steps.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Agriculture To Create A Plan To Develop An Invasive Pests Placard Program And Assess The Resources Needed To Implement The Program.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Agriculture To Create A Plan To Develop An Invasive Pests Placard Program And Assess The Resources Needed To Implement The Program.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The United States Congress To Support Continued Funding Of The Affordable Connectivity Program.. Description: Urging The United States Congress To Support Continued Funding Of The Affordable Connectivity Program.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Office Of Hawaiian Affairs To Identify The Scope Of Native Hawaiian Cultural Appropriateness For The Purpose Of Addressing Native Hawaiian Disparities.. Description: Requesting The Office Of Hawaiian Affairs To Identify The Scope Of Native Hawaiian Cultural Appropriateness For The Purpose Of Addressing Native Hawaiian Disparities.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The City And County Of Honolulu To Conduct A Sidewalk Feasibility Study Along Kalihi Street From Kamanaiki Street To Kalihi Valley Park.. Description: Requesting The City And County Of Honolulu To Conduct A Sidewalk Feasibility Study Along Kalihi Street From Kamanaiki Street To Kalihi Valley Park.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Auditor To Conduct A Performance Audit Of The Operations And Management Of The Department Of Land And Natural Resources' Division Of Boating And Ocean Recreation.. Description: Requesting The Auditor To Conduct A Performance Audit Of The Operations And Management Of The Department Of Land And Natural Resources' Division Of Boating And Ocean Recreation.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Hawaii Climate Change Mitigation And Adaption Commission, In Collaboration With The Department Of Transportation, To Develop Vehicle Miles Traveled Reduction Strategies And Make Related Recommendations.. Description: Requesting The Hawaii Climate Change Mitigation And Adaption Commission, In Collaboration With The Department Of Transportation, To Develop Vehicle Miles Traveled Reduction Strategies And Make Related Recommendations.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Department Of Law Enforcement, Fire Departments And Police Departments Of Each County, Humane Societies In Each County, And Media Organizations Throughout The State To Collaborate To Create And Disseminate Public Service Announcements To Highlight The Dangers Of, And Advocate Against The Use Of, Illegal Fireworks In Order To Protect The Health And Safety Of The Community, Pets, And Wildlife.. Description: Urging The Department Of Law Enforcement, Fire Departments And Police Departments Of Each County, Humane Societies In Each County, And Media Organizations Throughout The State To Collaborate To Create And Disseminate Public Service Announcements To Highlight The Dangers Of, And Advocate Against The Use Of, Illegal Fireworks In Order To Protect The Health And Safety Of The Community, Pets, And Wildlife.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Auditor To Assess The Social And Financial Effects Of Mandatory Health Insurance Coverage For Biomarker Testing.. Description: Requesting The Auditor To Assess The Social And Financial Effects Of Mandatory Health Insurance Coverage For Biomarker Testing.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Urging The Department Of Transportation Services Of The City And County Of Honolulu To Work With The Honolulu Police Department To Increase Enforcement Efforts Against Illegal Electric Bicycles And Dirt Bike Motorcycles To Make Sidewalks And Public Roadways Safer.. Description: Urging The Department Of Transportation Services Of The City And County Of Honolulu To Work With The Honolulu Police Department To Increase Enforcement Efforts Against Illegal Electric Bicycles And Dirt Bike Motorcycles To Make Sidewalks And Public Roadways Safer.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Urging The Department Of Transportation To Work With The City And County Of Honolulu To Plan And Implement Options For Alternative Ingress And Egress Routes In Pacific Palisades.. Description: Urging The Department Of Transportation To Work With The City And County Of Honolulu To Plan And Implement Options For Alternative Ingress And Egress Routes In Pacific Palisades.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The City And County Of Honolulu To Transfer To The State The City And County Of Honolulu's Authority To Construct A Makakilo Drive Extension.. Description: Requesting The City And County Of Honolulu To Transfer To The State The City And County Of Honolulu's Authority To Construct A Makakilo Drive Extension.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Establishment Of A Stream Maintenance Working Group By The City And County Of Honolulu.. Description: Requesting The Establishment Of A Stream Maintenance Working Group By The City And County Of Honolulu.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Labor And Industrial Relations To Convene An Underground Economy Interagency Task Force To Combat The Underground Economy And Employee Misclassification In The Construction Industry.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Labor And Industrial Relations To Convene An Underground Economy Interagency Task Force To Combat The Underground Economy And Employee Misclassification In The Construction Industry.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Business, Economic Development, And Tourism To Convene A Sports Wagering Working Group To Conduct An Analysis Of The Potential Legalization And Regulation Of Online Sports Wagering In Hawaii.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Business, Economic Development, And Tourism To Convene A Sports Wagering Working Group To Conduct An Analysis Of The Potential Legalization And Regulation Of Online Sports Wagering In Hawaii.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Health To Convene A Stakeholder Working Group To Make Recommendations To Enhance Meaningful Access To Health Care In The State Through The Provision Of Language Assistance Services.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Health To Convene A Stakeholder Working Group To Make Recommendations To Enhance Meaningful Access To Health Care In The State Through The Provision Of Language Assistance Services.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Urging The Department Of Law Enforcement To Develop And Implement A U Visa Certification Policy.. Description: Urging The Department Of Law Enforcement To Develop And Implement A U Visa Certification Policy.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The United States Department Of Defense, Including The Navy, Army, And Air Force, To Increase On-base Housing Availability For Active Duty Personnel And Their Dependents Assigned To Military Installations In The State.. Description: Requesting The United States Department Of Defense, Including The Navy, Army, And Air Force, To Increase On-base Housing Availability For Active Duty Personnel And Their Dependents Assigned To Military Installations In The State.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Urging State Departments And Agencies To Enable Employees To Telework To The Greatest Extent Possible.. Description: Urging State Departments And Agencies To Enable Employees To Telework To The Greatest Extent Possible.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Board Of Education, In Partnership With The State Public Charter School Commission, To Submit A Report On Increasing Access To Stable, Suitable, And Affordable Facilities For Public Charter Schools.. Description: Requesting The Board Of Education, In Partnership With The State Public Charter School Commission, To Submit A Report On Increasing Access To Stable, Suitable, And Affordable Facilities For Public Charter Schools.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging State Executive Departments To Review Minimum Qualifications And Compensation For Class Specifications For Job Postings And Provide Suggestions To The Department Of Human Resources Development.. Description: Urging State Executive Departments To Review Minimum Qualifications And Compensation For Class Specifications For Job Postings And Provide Suggestions To The Department Of Human Resources Development.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Director Of Labor And Industrial Relations To Amend Title 12, Chapter 15, Hawaii Administrative Rules, To Clarify That Compensation For Advanced Practice Registered Nurses Under The State's Workers' Compensation Law Is Distinct From Compensation For Registered Nurses And Shall Be One Hundred Percent Of The Fees Authorized Under The Medicare Fee Schedule.. Description: Requesting The Director Of Labor And Industrial Relations To Amend Title 12, Chapter 15, Hawaii Administrative Rules, To Clarify That Compensation For Advanced Practice Registered Nurses Under The State's Workers' Compensation Law Is Distinct From Compensation For Registered Nurses And Shall Be One Hundred Percent Of The Fees Authorized Under The Medicare Fee Schedule.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Land And Natural Resources To Work With The National Oceanic And Atmospheric Administration And Other Experts To Conduct A Study On The Population Status Of Coral Reef Herbivores Around The Island Of Oahu And Develop Effective Policies For Substantially Increasing Those Populations Within A Decade.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Land And Natural Resources To Work With The National Oceanic And Atmospheric Administration And Other Experts To Conduct A Study On The Population Status Of Coral Reef Herbivores Around The Island Of Oahu And Develop Effective Policies For Substantially Increasing Those Populations Within A Decade.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Hawaii Housing Finance And Development Corporation To Amend Their Administrative Rules To Establish Another Pathway For Housing Projects Seeking An Exemption From State Laws And Rules.. Description: Urging The Hawaii Housing Finance And Development Corporation To Amend Their Administrative Rules To Establish Another Pathway For Housing Projects Seeking An Exemption From State Laws And Rules.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Encouraging Private Businesses With Thirty Or More Employees To Have An Automated External Defibrillator On-site.. Description: Encouraging Private Businesses With Thirty Or More Employees To Have An Automated External Defibrillator On-site.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Hawaii Emergency Management Agency To Install A New Emergency Siren Near The Intersection Of Aumakua Street And Auhuhu Street In Upper Pacific Palisades.. Description: Requesting The Hawaii Emergency Management Agency To Install A New Emergency Siren Near The Intersection Of Aumakua Street And Auhuhu Street In Upper Pacific Palisades.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Urging The Director Of Finance To Adopt Administrative Rules To Define "beneficial Effects To The State" In Section 38-2, Hawaii Revised Statutes, To Include The Financing Of Housing.. Description: Urging The Director Of Finance To Adopt Administrative Rules To Define "beneficial Effects To The State" In Section 38-2, Hawaii Revised Statutes, To Include The Financing Of Housing.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Human Services To Establish A Working Group To Address Issues Relating To Reimbursements And Payments To Home- And Community-based Services Providers.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Human Services To Establish A Working Group To Address Issues Relating To Reimbursements And Payments To Home- And Community-based Services Providers.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Recognizing The Issue Of Illegal Dumping Within The Waipahu Community And Urging The State, City And County Of Honolulu, And Military To Work Together To Address This Concern.. Description: Recognizing The Issue Of Illegal Dumping Within The Waipahu Community And Urging The State, City And County Of Honolulu, And Military To Work Together To Address This Concern.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Human Services To Conduct A Study On The Feasibility Of Increasing The Medicaid Reimbursement Payment Rate For Hawaii's Community Care Foster Family Homes And Expanded Adult Residential Care Homes For Medicaid Clients In 2032 And Every Ten Years Thereafter.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Human Services To Conduct A Study On The Feasibility Of Increasing The Medicaid Reimbursement Payment Rate For Hawaii's Community Care Foster Family Homes And Expanded Adult Residential Care Homes For Medicaid Clients In 2032 And Every Ten Years Thereafter.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Facility Maintenance Of The City And County Of Honolulu To Clean Certain Streams And Canals In Waipahu.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Facility Maintenance Of The City And County Of Honolulu To Clean Certain Streams And Canals In Waipahu.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Supporting A Closer Partnership Between The United States And Taiwan In Values And Common Goals, The Relationships And Exchanges Between The State Of Hawaii And Taiwan, Taiwan's International Participation, And The Signing Of A United States-taiwan Bilateral Trade Agreement.. Description: Supporting A Closer Partnership Between The United States And Taiwan In Values And Common Goals, The Relationships And Exchanges Between The State Of Hawaii And Taiwan, Taiwan's International Participation, And The Signing Of A United States-taiwan Bilateral Trade Agreement.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Accounting And General Services To Establish A Working Group To Plan And Construct A Hawaii First Responders Memorial.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Accounting And General Services To Establish A Working Group To Plan And Construct A Hawaii First Responders Memorial.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Urging The Department Of Education, In Collaboration With The Office Of School Facilities And Support Services And Board Of Private Detectives And Guards, To Develop Procedures That Will Expedite The Hiring Process For Security Guards Regulated Under Chapter 463, Hawaii Revised Statutes.. Description: Urging The Department Of Education, In Collaboration With The Office Of School Facilities And Support Services And Board Of Private Detectives And Guards, To Develop Procedures That Will Expedite The Hiring Process For Security Guards Regulated Under Chapter 463, Hawaii Revised Statutes.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Health To Assess The Registration And Monitoring Of Clean And Sober Homes.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Health To Assess The Registration And Monitoring Of Clean And Sober Homes.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Urging The County Of Maui To Adopt A Financially Prudent Budget For Fiscal Year 2024-2025 That Maintains Current Operational Levels Except For Certain Mandatory Or Critical Increases.. Description: Urging The County Of Maui To Adopt A Financially Prudent Budget For Fiscal Year 2024-2025 That Maintains Current Operational Levels Except For Certain Mandatory Or Critical Increases.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Counties To Amend Or Adopt Ordinances To Be Consistent With The Hawaii Housing Finance And Development Corporation's Rules Regarding Residential Income Requirements And Affordability Terms On Housing Projects Or Subsidize Any Resulting Revenue Shortfall To The Housing Project.. Description: Urging The Counties To Amend Or Adopt Ordinances To Be Consistent With The Hawaii Housing Finance And Development Corporation's Rules Regarding Residential Income Requirements And Affordability Terms On Housing Projects Or Subsidize Any Resulting Revenue Shortfall To The Housing Project.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Counties To Amend Or Adopt An Ordinance To Allow Religious Institutions, Educational Institutions, Or Medical Institutions To Develop Residential Units On Parcels That Meet Certain Conditions.. Description: Requesting The Counties To Amend Or Adopt An Ordinance To Allow Religious Institutions, Educational Institutions, Or Medical Institutions To Develop Residential Units On Parcels That Meet Certain Conditions.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Law Enforcement To Convene A Search And Rescue Working Group To Develop And Make Recommendations To Deter Hikers From Entering Illegal Hiking Trails And To Address Rising Search And Rescue Costs Facing The State And Counties Due To Increased Illegal Hiking Traffic.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Law Enforcement To Convene A Search And Rescue Working Group To Develop And Make Recommendations To Deter Hikers From Entering Illegal Hiking Trails And To Address Rising Search And Rescue Costs Facing The State And Counties Due To Increased Illegal Hiking Traffic.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Establishment Of A Telehealth Working Group To Examine The Impact Of Widespread Telehealth Adoption During The Covid-19 Pandemic And Identify Public Policy Initiatives At The Federal And State Level To Optimize Telehealth Utilization As The State Transitions Out Of The Covid-19 Pandemic.. Description: Requesting The Establishment Of A Telehealth Working Group To Examine The Impact Of Widespread Telehealth Adoption During The Covid-19 Pandemic And Identify Public Policy Initiatives At The Federal And State Level To Optimize Telehealth Utilization As The State Transitions Out Of The Covid-19 Pandemic.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Hawaii Housing Finance And Development Corporation To Develop A Ten-year Plan To Satisfy Hawaii's Housing Demand.. Description: Urging The Hawaii Housing Finance And Development Corporation To Develop A Ten-year Plan To Satisfy Hawaii's Housing Demand.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Transportation, In Partnership With The City And County Of Honolulu, To Install Speed Bumps, Speed Detection Devices, Photo Red Light Imaging Detector Systems, And Other Safety Measures In House District 32.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Transportation, In Partnership With The City And County Of Honolulu, To Install Speed Bumps, Speed Detection Devices, Photo Red Light Imaging Detector Systems, And Other Safety Measures In House District 32.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Hawaii Emergency Management Agency To Submit A Grant Request To The Federal Emergency Management Agency For Rockfall Mitigation In Moanalua Gardens And Moanalua Valley, Oahu.. Description: Requesting The Hawaii Emergency Management Agency To Submit A Grant Request To The Federal Emergency Management Agency For Rockfall Mitigation In Moanalua Gardens And Moanalua Valley, Oahu.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Transportation To Study And Recommend Solutions To Resolve Supply Chain Issues Caused By Barge Delays To Lanai.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Transportation To Study And Recommend Solutions To Resolve Supply Chain Issues Caused By Barge Delays To Lanai.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Legislative Reference Bureau To Conduct A Study Of A Continuous Legislative Session, Extending The Legislative Session, And Adding Additional Recess Days.. Description: Requesting The Legislative Reference Bureau To Conduct A Study Of A Continuous Legislative Session, Extending The Legislative Session, And Adding Additional Recess Days.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Office Of Planning And Sustainable Development To Develop A Scope Of Work Or Requests For Proposals For Bidders To Perform Their Own Analysis And Methodology That Determines Whether A Development Will Contribute To The Long-term Fiscal Sustainability Of The State And Respective County.. Description: Urging The Office Of Planning And Sustainable Development To Develop A Scope Of Work Or Requests For Proposals For Bidders To Perform Their Own Analysis And Methodology That Determines Whether A Development Will Contribute To The Long-term Fiscal Sustainability Of The State And Respective County.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Urging The Governor And Board Of Pharmacy To Support The Lanai Community Health Center's Telepharmacy Pilot Demonstration And Research Project As A Method Of Expanding The Accessibility And Affordability Of Prescription Drugs To Vulnerable Populations And Rural Communities Throughout The State.. Description: Urging The Governor And Board Of Pharmacy To Support The Lanai Community Health Center's Telepharmacy Pilot Demonstration And Research Project As A Method Of Expanding The Accessibility And Affordability Of Prescription Drugs To Vulnerable Populations And Rural Communities Throughout The State.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Department Of Human Services, Department Of Health, And Judiciary To Prioritize Ensuring That Contracts For Government Services Are Adequately Resourced To Cover The Costs Of Providing Those Services.. Description: Urging The Department Of Human Services, Department Of Health, And Judiciary To Prioritize Ensuring That Contracts For Government Services Are Adequately Resourced To Cover The Costs Of Providing Those Services.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Urging The Department Of Land And Natural Resources To Convene A Vegetation Management Working Group To Study, Evaluate, And Make Recommendations Regarding Regulations That Define Property Owner Obligations To Perform Vegetation Management On Public And Private Property For Purposes Of Wildfire Risk Mitigation.. Description: Urging The Department Of Land And Natural Resources To Convene A Vegetation Management Working Group To Study, Evaluate, And Make Recommendations Regarding Regulations That Define Property Owner Obligations To Perform Vegetation Management On Public And Private Property For Purposes Of Wildfire Risk Mitigation.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Urging The Hawaii Tourism Authority, In Consultation With The Office Of Enterprise Technology Services, To Conduct A Study On The Social And Safety Impacts Of Geotagging.. Description: Urging The Hawaii Tourism Authority, In Consultation With The Office Of Enterprise Technology Services, To Conduct A Study On The Social And Safety Impacts Of Geotagging.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The United States And The State To Recognize And Address The Air Transportation Crisis On Molokai And Lna`i.. Description: Urging The United States And The State To Recognize And Address The Air Transportation Crisis On Molokai And Lna`i.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Women's Corrections Implementation Commission To Develop A Strategy And Make Recommendations To Reduce The Number Of Women Incarcerated At The Women's Community Correctional Center By Twenty-five Percent Over The Next Five Years.. Description: Requesting The Women's Corrections Implementation Commission To Develop A Strategy And Make Recommendations To Reduce The Number Of Women Incarcerated At The Women's Community Correctional Center By Twenty-five Percent Over The Next Five Years.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Agriculture To Convene A Working Group To Review The Effectiveness Of The Relevant State Laws Governing Agricultural-based Commercial Operations.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Agriculture To Convene A Working Group To Review The Effectiveness Of The Relevant State Laws Governing Agricultural-based Commercial Operations.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Human Resources Development To Conduct A Sample Survey Of For-profit, Non-profit, And Government Organizations In Hawaii That Have Successfully Implemented Remote Work, Hybrid Work, Or Telework Arrangements.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Human Resources Development To Conduct A Sample Survey Of For-profit, Non-profit, And Government Organizations In Hawaii That Have Successfully Implemented Remote Work, Hybrid Work, Or Telework Arrangements.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The State Public Charter School Commission To Work With Stakeholders To Develop And Adopt Administrative Rules, Including Rules Governing The Negotiation Process Between The Commission And Public Charter Schools.. Description: Urging The State Public Charter School Commission To Work With Stakeholders To Develop And Adopt Administrative Rules, Including Rules Governing The Negotiation Process Between The Commission And Public Charter Schools.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting State And County Agencies Responsible For Removing Deceased Dogs And Cats From Public Roadways To Check For, Scan, And Record The Microchip Of The Deceased Dog Or Cat, If Any, And Certain Other Information; And Timely Notify County Animal Services Or Animal Service Contractors Of The Deceased Dog Or Cat, Including The Recorded Information.. Description: Requesting State And County Agencies Responsible For Removing Deceased Dogs And Cats From Public Roadways To Check For, Scan, And Record The Microchip Of The Deceased Dog Or Cat, If Any, And Certain Other Information; And Timely Notify County Animal Services Or Animal Service Contractors Of The Deceased Dog Or Cat, Including The Recorded Information.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Director Of Health To Convene A Working Group To Address Issues Relating To Patient Transfer And Ambulance Services And Evaluate Potential Solutions.. Description: Requesting The Director Of Health To Convene A Working Group To Address Issues Relating To Patient Transfer And Ambulance Services And Evaluate Potential Solutions.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Education To Conduct A Study On The Implementation Of Later School Start Times.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Education To Conduct A Study On The Implementation Of Later School Start Times.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Business, Economic Development, And Tourism To Collaborate With Universities In The State To Convene The Hawaii Creative Innovation Group.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Business, Economic Development, And Tourism To Collaborate With Universities In The State To Convene The Hawaii Creative Innovation Group.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Urging The Governor, Department Of Human Services, And Department Of Health To Explore Avenues To Ensure Continued Access To Affordable Medications For The State's Underserved Populations Under The 340b Drug Pricing Program And Urging Hawaii's Congressional Delegation And Relevant Federal Agencies To Monitor Pharmaceutical Companies And Take Appropriate Actions To Protect The Integrity Of The 340b Drug Pricing Program.. Description: Urging The Governor, Department Of Human Services, And Department Of Health To Explore Avenues To Ensure Continued Access To Affordable Medications For The State's Underserved Populations Under The 340b Drug Pricing Program And Urging Hawaii's Congressional Delegation And Relevant Federal Agencies To Monitor Pharmaceutical Companies And Take Appropriate Actions To Protect The Integrity Of The 340b Drug Pricing Program.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Legislative Reference Bureau To Conduct A Study On Best Practices For Nurse Staffing In Health Care Facilities.. Description: Requesting The Legislative Reference Bureau To Conduct A Study On Best Practices For Nurse Staffing In Health Care Facilities.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Urging The Department Of Education To Ensure That School Libraries And School Library Media Centers Are Staffed With Licensed School Librarians And Licensed School Library Media Specialists.. Description: Urging The Department Of Education To Ensure That School Libraries And School Library Media Centers Are Staffed With Licensed School Librarians And Licensed School Library Media Specialists.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The State To Prohibit The Introduction Of Biocontrol Agents That Might Threaten Economically Important Forage Grass Species.. Description: Urging The State To Prohibit The Introduction Of Biocontrol Agents That Might Threaten Economically Important Forage Grass Species.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Board Of Education, In Partnership With The Department Of Education, To Produce A Plan For Adhering To School Counselor Best Practices.. Description: Requesting The Board Of Education, In Partnership With The Department Of Education, To Produce A Plan For Adhering To School Counselor Best Practices.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Urging The Department Of Education To Develop A Comprehensive Plan For The Reinstatement Of Cancelled School Bus Service Routes.. Description: Urging The Department Of Education To Develop A Comprehensive Plan For The Reinstatement Of Cancelled School Bus Service Routes.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Auditor To Conduct An Audit Of The Department Of Education's Statewide Backlog Of Capital Improvement Repair And Maintenance Projects.. Description: Requesting The Auditor To Conduct An Audit Of The Department Of Education's Statewide Backlog Of Capital Improvement Repair And Maintenance Projects.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Law Enforcement To Conduct A Study To Determine If Xylazine Testing Strips Should Be Excluded From The State's Definition Of Drug Paraphernalia.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Law Enforcement To Conduct A Study To Determine If Xylazine Testing Strips Should Be Excluded From The State's Definition Of Drug Paraphernalia.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Hawaiian Homes Commission To Consult Beneficiaries Of The Hawaiian Homes Commission Act Regarding Alternative Waitlist And Award Prioritization Based On Lineal And Generational Descendancy For Hawaiian Home Lands Located In Hana, Maui.. Description: Urging The Hawaiian Homes Commission To Consult Beneficiaries Of The Hawaiian Homes Commission Act Regarding Alternative Waitlist And Award Prioritization Based On Lineal And Generational Descendancy For Hawaiian Home Lands Located In Hana, Maui.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The State's Congressional Delegation To Advocate For The Enforcement Of Existing International Laws To Reduce Ghost Nets Entering The State From International Waters And Take Other Actions To Reduce Marine Debris From Fishing Gear.. Description: Requesting The State's Congressional Delegation To Advocate For The Enforcement Of Existing International Laws To Reduce Ghost Nets Entering The State From International Waters And Take Other Actions To Reduce Marine Debris From Fishing Gear.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Human Services To Report On The Cultural And Therapeutic Services Provided By Community-based Organizations At The Kawailoa Youth And Family Wellness Center.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Human Services To Report On The Cultural And Therapeutic Services Provided By Community-based Organizations At The Kawailoa Youth And Family Wellness Center.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Establishing A Candidate Advisory Committee For The Nomination Of The Auditor, Ombudsman, And Legislative Reference Bureau Director.. Description: Establishing A Candidate Advisory Committee For The Nomination Of The Auditor, Ombudsman, And Legislative Reference Bureau Director.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The University Of Hawaii To Adopt And Publicize A Statewide Equity Statement.. Description: Urging The University Of Hawaii To Adopt And Publicize A Statewide Equity Statement.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting Hawaii's Congressional Delegation To Urge Congress To Fund Construction Of A Laboratory Certified By The Environmental Protection Agency To Provide Information To The Public On Environmental Toxins In The State.. Description: Requesting Hawaii's Congressional Delegation To Urge Congress To Fund Construction Of A Laboratory Certified By The Environmental Protection Agency To Provide Information To The Public On Environmental Toxins In The State.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Urging The Department Of Accounting And General Services And The Department Of Human Resources Development To Evaluate Subsidizing Public Transit For Public Employees.. Description: Urging The Department Of Accounting And General Services And The Department Of Human Resources Development To Evaluate Subsidizing Public Transit For Public Employees.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Urging The Department Of Health To Investigate And Implement Policies To Reduce The Importation Of Ingestible Food And Beverage Products, Packaging, Or Materials Containing Perfluoroalkyl And Polyfluoroalkyl Substances Into The State.. Description: Urging The Department Of Health To Investigate And Implement Policies To Reduce The Importation Of Ingestible Food And Beverage Products, Packaging, Or Materials Containing Perfluoroalkyl And Polyfluoroalkyl Substances Into The State.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Hawaii State Energy Office To Convene A Renewable Liquid Fuels Working Group To Study Local Production, Development, And Incentives For Renewable Liquid Fuels.. Description: Requesting The Hawaii State Energy Office To Convene A Renewable Liquid Fuels Working Group To Study Local Production, Development, And Incentives For Renewable Liquid Fuels.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Land And Natural Resources To Collaborate With Federal, State, And County Governments; Landowners; And Stakeholders To Protect, Restore, And Manage The West Maui Wetlands And Wetlands Statewide.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Land And Natural Resources To Collaborate With Federal, State, And County Governments; Landowners; And Stakeholders To Protect, Restore, And Manage The West Maui Wetlands And Wetlands Statewide.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing February 19 Through February 23, 2024, As Scholastic Journalism Week In Hawaii.. Description: Recognizing February 19 Through February 23, 2024, As Scholastic Journalism Week In Hawaii.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Legislative Reference Bureau To Conduct A Study To Examine The Implementation And Standards Of Various Sexual Health Education Policies Within The Department Of Education.. Description: Requesting The Legislative Reference Bureau To Conduct A Study To Examine The Implementation And Standards Of Various Sexual Health Education Policies Within The Department Of Education.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Auditor To Conduct A Social And Financial Assessment Of Proposed Mandatory Health Insurance Coverage For Step Therapy Requirements For Stage Two Through Stage Five Cancer.. Description: Requesting The Auditor To Conduct A Social And Financial Assessment Of Proposed Mandatory Health Insurance Coverage For Step Therapy Requirements For Stage Two Through Stage Five Cancer.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing And Commending The National Conference Of State Legislatures On The Upcoming Occasion Of Its Fiftieth Anniversary In 2025.. Description: Recognizing And Commending The National Conference Of State Legislatures On The Upcoming Occasion Of Its Fiftieth Anniversary In 2025.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Urging A Transition To A Plant-based Lifestyle.. Description: Urging A Transition To A Plant-based Lifestyle.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Recognizing The Day In 2025 Of The Second New Moon After The Winter Solstice Of 2024 As The Lunar New Year In The State Of Hawaii.. Description: Recognizing The Day In 2025 Of The Second New Moon After The Winter Solstice Of 2024 As The Lunar New Year In The State Of Hawaii.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Endorsing The Participation Of Taiwan As An Observer In The United Nations Framework Convention On Climate Change, International Civil Aviation Organization, World Health Organization, And International Criminal Police Organization.. Description: Endorsing The Participation Of Taiwan As An Observer In The United Nations Framework Convention On Climate Change, International Civil Aviation Organization, World Health Organization, And International Criminal Police Organization.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The United States Geological Survey To Conduct Topographical Surveys, Particularly Within Lava-flow Hazard Zones 1 And 2, To Update Its Long-term Lava-flow Hazard Map Of Hawaii Island.. Description: Urging The United States Geological Survey To Conduct Topographical Surveys, Particularly Within Lava-flow Hazard Zones 1 And 2, To Update Its Long-term Lava-flow Hazard Map Of Hawaii Island.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Urging The Prompt Implementation Of The Hawaii Electronic Information Technology Accessibility Act On Or Before December 31, 2024.. Description: Urging The Prompt Implementation Of The Hawaii Electronic Information Technology Accessibility Act On Or Before December 31, 2024.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Approving The Dedication Of Kukuia Street, Lahaina, Hawaii, To The County Of Maui.. Description: Approving The Dedication Of Kukuia Street, Lahaina, Hawaii, To The County Of Maui.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Members Of Hawaii's Congressional Delegation And The Biden Administration To Call For An Immediate, Permanent Bilateral Ceasefire In Gaza And The Return Of All Hostages, And To Continue Negotiations For Lasting Peace In The Region.. Description: Urging The Members Of Hawaii's Congressional Delegation And The Biden Administration To Call For An Immediate, Permanent Bilateral Ceasefire In Gaza And The Return Of All Hostages, And To Continue Negotiations For Lasting Peace In The Region.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Urging The Members Of Hawaii's Congressional Delegation To Monitor The Alliance For Hippocratic Medicine V. U.s. Food And Drug Administration And Take Action To Limit The Case From Further Restricting Access To Safe Abortion Options.. Description: Urging The Members Of Hawaii's Congressional Delegation To Monitor The Alliance For Hippocratic Medicine V. U.s. Food And Drug Administration And Take Action To Limit The Case From Further Restricting Access To Safe Abortion Options.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Department Of Health To Amend The Hawaii Administrative Rules To Authorize Licensed Dietitians To Prescribe Modified Diets And Plan Therapeutic Diets.. Description: Urging The Department Of Health To Amend The Hawaii Administrative Rules To Authorize Licensed Dietitians To Prescribe Modified Diets And Plan Therapeutic Diets.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Encouraging The Department Of Transportation And The Department Of Transportation Services Of The City And County Of Honolulu To Expand The Red-light Safety Program.. Description: Encouraging The Department Of Transportation And The Department Of Transportation Services Of The City And County Of Honolulu To Expand The Red-light Safety Program.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Encouraging The United States Navy To Eradicate Octocoral And Other Invasive Species From The Waters Of Pearl Harbor.. Description: Encouraging The United States Navy To Eradicate Octocoral And Other Invasive Species From The Waters Of Pearl Harbor.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Department Of Agriculture To Support Efforts To Improve The Aquaculture Development Program Strategic Plan.. Description: Urging The Department Of Agriculture To Support Efforts To Improve The Aquaculture Development Program Strategic Plan.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Women's Corrections Implementation Commission To Develop A Strategy And Make Recommendations To Reduce The Number Of Women Incarcerated At The Women's Community Correctional Center By Twenty-five Percent Over The Next Five Years.. Description: Requesting The Women's Corrections Implementation Commission To Develop A Strategy And Make Recommendations To Reduce The Number Of Women Incarcerated At The Women's Community Correctional Center By Twenty-five Percent Over The Next Five Years.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing The Issue Of Illegal Dumping Within The Waipahu Community And Urging The State, City And County Of Honolulu, And Military To Work Together To Address This Concern.. Description: Recognizing The Issue Of Illegal Dumping Within The Waipahu Community And Urging The State, City And County Of Honolulu, And Military To Work Together To Address This Concern.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Labor And Industrial Relations To Convene An Interagency Task Force To Combat The Underground Economy And Employee Misclassification In The State's Construction Industry.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Labor And Industrial Relations To Convene An Interagency Task Force To Combat The Underground Economy And Employee Misclassification In The State's Construction Industry.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Hawaii Medical Association And Hawaii Psychiatric Medical Association To Convene A Roundtable To Establish Medical Protocols To Ensure That An Individual's Thyroid Function Is Tested Before Psychotropic Medications For Mental Illness Are Prescribed.. Description: Requesting The Hawaii Medical Association And Hawaii Psychiatric Medical Association To Convene A Roundtable To Establish Medical Protocols To Ensure That An Individual's Thyroid Function Is Tested Before Psychotropic Medications For Mental Illness Are Prescribed.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Hawaii Housing Finance And Development Corporation To Amend The Priority For Which Low-income Housing Tax Credits Are Allocated And Monies In The Rental Housing Revolving Fund Are Used And Adopt Certain Administrative Rules That Incentivize The Development Of Affordable Housing In The State.. Description: Urging The Hawaii Housing Finance And Development Corporation To Amend The Priority For Which Low-income Housing Tax Credits Are Allocated And Monies In The Rental Housing Revolving Fund Are Used And Adopt Certain Administrative Rules That Incentivize The Development Of Affordable Housing In The State.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Director Of Finance To Adopt Administrative Rules To Define "beneficial Effects To The State" In Section 38-2, Hawaii Revised Statutes, To Include The Financing Of Housing.. Description: Urging The Director Of Finance To Adopt Administrative Rules To Define "beneficial Effects To The State" In Section 38-2, Hawaii Revised Statutes, To Include The Financing Of Housing.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Accounting And General Services To Establish A Working Group To Plan And Construct A Hawaii First Responders Memorial.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Accounting And General Services To Establish A Working Group To Plan And Construct A Hawaii First Responders Memorial.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Urging The Department Of Law Enforcement To Develop And Implement A U Visa Certification Policy.. Description: Urging The Department Of Law Enforcement To Develop And Implement A U Visa Certification Policy.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Health To Convene A Stakeholder Working Group To Make Recommendations To Enhance Meaningful Access To Health Care In The State Through The Provision Of Language Assistance Services.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Health To Convene A Stakeholder Working Group To Make Recommendations To Enhance Meaningful Access To Health Care In The State Through The Provision Of Language Assistance Services.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Legislative Reference Bureau To Conduct A Study Of A Continuous Legislative Session, Extending The Legislative Session, And Adding Additional Recess Days.. Description: Requesting The Legislative Reference Bureau To Conduct A Study Of A Continuous Legislative Session, Extending The Legislative Session, And Adding Additional Recess Days.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Board Of Agriculture To Conduct A Study On The Percentages Of Agricultural Lands Being Leased By The State That Are Suitable For Farming And Actively Being Used For Farming Purposes And Certain Dollar Amounts Relating To Lease Transfers.. Description: Requesting The Board Of Agriculture To Conduct A Study On The Percentages Of Agricultural Lands Being Leased By The State That Are Suitable For Farming And Actively Being Used For Farming Purposes And Certain Dollar Amounts Relating To Lease Transfers.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting That The Department Of Agriculture Convene An Advisory Commission To Address Certain Issues To Guide Action And Progress In The Agriculture, Aquaculture, And Food Systems Industries Of The State.. Description: Requesting That The Department Of Agriculture Convene An Advisory Commission To Address Certain Issues To Guide Action And Progress In The Agriculture, Aquaculture, And Food Systems Industries Of The State.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Directing The Hawaii Emergency Management Agency To Submit A Grant Request To The Federal Emergency Management Agency For Rockfall Mitigation In Moanalua Gardens And Moanalua Valley, Oahu.. Description: Directing The Hawaii Emergency Management Agency To Submit A Grant Request To The Federal Emergency Management Agency For Rockfall Mitigation In Moanalua Gardens And Moanalua Valley, Oahu.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Urging The Hawaii Community Development Authority To Establish A Multiagency Working Group To Update The Maps, Tier Tables, And Inventories Of State Lands Suitable And Available For Affordable Housing Development.. Description: Urging The Hawaii Community Development Authority To Establish A Multiagency Working Group To Update The Maps, Tier Tables, And Inventories Of State Lands Suitable And Available For Affordable Housing Development.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Urging The Hawaii Housing Finance And Development Corporation To Adopt Administrative Rules To Create A Process Under Section 201h-38, Hawaii Revised Statutes, For Housing Projects Exclusively For Sale Or Rent To Qualified Residents As Defined In Section 201h-32, Hawaii Revised Statutes, Who Are Deemed To Be Moderate-income Households.. Description: Urging The Hawaii Housing Finance And Development Corporation To Adopt Administrative Rules To Create A Process Under Section 201h-38, Hawaii Revised Statutes, For Housing Projects Exclusively For Sale Or Rent To Qualified Residents As Defined In Section 201h-32, Hawaii Revised Statutes, Who Are Deemed To Be Moderate-income Households.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Urging The Hawaii Housing Finance And Development Corporation To Develop A Plan To Build One Hundred Thousand Homes Over The Next Ten Years.. Description: Urging The Hawaii Housing Finance And Development Corporation To Develop A Plan To Build One Hundred Thousand Homes Over The Next Ten Years.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Hawaii Housing Finance And Development Corporation To Adopt Administrative Rules To Enable Credit Enhancement For Construction Loans Under Any Funds Administered By The Corporation.. Description: Requesting The Hawaii Housing Finance And Development Corporation To Adopt Administrative Rules To Enable Credit Enhancement For Construction Loans Under Any Funds Administered By The Corporation.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Transportation To Prioritize Remediation Of The Flooding Issues Present On Route 11 Around Mile Post Sixty As A Safety Project.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Transportation To Prioritize Remediation Of The Flooding Issues Present On Route 11 Around Mile Post Sixty As A Safety Project.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The State And Counties To Prioritize And Direct All Available Resources To Supporting Coordinated Interagency Collaboration And Public-private Partnerships Aimed At Addressing The Ongoing Fentanyl Epidemic.. Description: Urging The State And Counties To Prioritize And Direct All Available Resources To Supporting Coordinated Interagency Collaboration And Public-private Partnerships Aimed At Addressing The Ongoing Fentanyl Epidemic.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Urging The Department Of Health To Convene An Informal Working Group To Assess The Registration And Monitoring Of All Group Living Facilities As Described In Section 46-4(d), Hawaii Revised Statutes, Including Clean And Sober Homes.. Description: Urging The Department Of Health To Convene An Informal Working Group To Assess The Registration And Monitoring Of All Group Living Facilities As Described In Section 46-4(d), Hawaii Revised Statutes, Including Clean And Sober Homes.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Urging The Legislature To Preserve, Protect, And Restore Native Hawaiian Limu.. Description: Urging The Legislature To Preserve, Protect, And Restore Native Hawaiian Limu.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting Businesses In Hawaii To Use Hawaiian Language And Requesting The Department Of Education To Develop And Implement Education Programs To Teach Employees Hawaiian And Hire Permanent Hawaiian Language Teachers.. Description: Requesting Businesses In Hawaii To Use Hawaiian Language And Requesting The Department Of Education To Develop And Implement Education Programs To Teach Employees Hawaiian And Hire Permanent Hawaiian Language Teachers.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Hawaii Emergency Management Agency To Install A New Emergency Siren Near The Intersection Of Aumakua Street And Auhuhu Street In Upper Pacific Palisades.. Description: Requesting The Hawaii Emergency Management Agency To Install A New Emergency Siren Near The Intersection Of Aumakua Street And Auhuhu Street In Upper Pacific Palisades.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Health To Conduct A Study Of The Methods Used In Other States To Monitor Air Pollutants Emitted By Municipal Waste Combustion Facilities.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Health To Conduct A Study Of The Methods Used In Other States To Monitor Air Pollutants Emitted By Municipal Waste Combustion Facilities.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Health To Conduct A Feasibility Study On The Implementation Of Continuous Monitoring And Sampling Technologies In Waste Combustion Facilities And Municipal Solid Waste Landfills.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Health To Conduct A Feasibility Study On The Implementation Of Continuous Monitoring And Sampling Technologies In Waste Combustion Facilities And Municipal Solid Waste Landfills.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Taro.. Description: Appropriates funds to the department of agriculture to provide grants to assist taro farmers in meeting the costs of cultivating taro for consumption. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Urging The Members Of Hawaii's Congressional Delegation To Introduce Legislation To Expand The National Flood Insurance Program To Include Lava And Earthquake Insurance.. Description: Urging The Members Of Hawaii's Congressional Delegation To Introduce Legislation To Expand The National Flood Insurance Program To Include Lava And Earthquake Insurance.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Governor To Ensure That Relevant State Agencies, Including The Department Of Health And Department Of Human Services, Collaborate To Explore Avenues To Ensure Continued Access To Affordable Medications For The State's Underserved Populations Under The 340b Drug Pricing Program And Urging Hawaii's Congressional Delegation And Relevant Federal Agencies To Monitor Pharmaceutical Companies And Take Appropriate Actions To Protect The Integrity Of The 340b Drug Pricing Program.. Description: Urging The Governor To Ensure That Relevant State Agencies, Including The Department Of Health And Department Of Human Services, Collaborate To Explore Avenues To Ensure Continued Access To Affordable Medications For The State's Underserved Populations Under The 340b Drug Pricing Program And Urging Hawaii's Congressional Delegation And Relevant Federal Agencies To Monitor Pharmaceutical Companies And Take Appropriate Actions To Protect The Integrity Of The 340b Drug Pricing Program.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Urging The Office Of Enterprise Technology Services To Improve The State Of Hawaii's Open Data Portal By Increasing And Expanding The Data Sets Available On The Open Data Portal, Centralizing All Open Data Sets Of All State Departments Onto The Open Data Portal, And Continually Updating The Data Sets For Accuracy And Recency Of Publicly Accessible Data.. Description: Urging The Office Of Enterprise Technology Services To Improve The State Of Hawaii's Open Data Portal By Increasing And Expanding The Data Sets Available On The Open Data Portal, Centralizing All Open Data Sets Of All State Departments Onto The Open Data Portal, And Continually Updating The Data Sets For Accuracy And Recency Of Publicly Accessible Data.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Law Enforcement To Convene A Search And Rescue Working Group To Develop And Make Recommendations To Deter Hikers From Entering Illegal Hiking Trails And To Address Rising Search And Rescue Costs Facing The State And Counties Due To Increased Illegal Hiking Traffic.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Law Enforcement To Convene A Search And Rescue Working Group To Develop And Make Recommendations To Deter Hikers From Entering Illegal Hiking Trails And To Address Rising Search And Rescue Costs Facing The State And Counties Due To Increased Illegal Hiking Traffic.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Department Of Transportation To Install Speed Bumps And Speed Limit Signage On The Portion Of Kapolei Parkway Between Kapolei High School And Kapolei Middle School.. Description: Urging The Department Of Transportation To Install Speed Bumps And Speed Limit Signage On The Portion Of Kapolei Parkway Between Kapolei High School And Kapolei Middle School.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Urging The Department Of Hawaiian Home Lands To Adopt And Implement A Neighborhood Security Watch In Each Homestead Area.. Description: Urging The Department Of Hawaiian Home Lands To Adopt And Implement A Neighborhood Security Watch In Each Homestead Area.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting That The Hawaii State Energy Office And Office Of Planning And Sustainable Development Develop A Plan To Implement Waste-to-energy And Other Alternative Technology Solutions.. Description: Requesting That The Hawaii State Energy Office And Office Of Planning And Sustainable Development Develop A Plan To Implement Waste-to-energy And Other Alternative Technology Solutions.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Insurance Commissioner To Research And Convene Stakeholder Discussions To Consider The Concept Of A Wildfire Insurance Compact.. Description: Requesting The Insurance Commissioner To Research And Convene Stakeholder Discussions To Consider The Concept Of A Wildfire Insurance Compact.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Establishment Of A Telehealth Working Group To Examine The Impact Of Widespread Telehealth Adoption During The Covid-19 Pandemic And Identify Public Policy Initiatives At The Federal And State Level To Optimize Telehealth Utilization As The State Transitions Out Of The Covid-19 Pandemic.. Description: Requesting The Establishment Of A Telehealth Working Group To Examine The Impact Of Widespread Telehealth Adoption During The Covid-19 Pandemic And Identify Public Policy Initiatives At The Federal And State Level To Optimize Telehealth Utilization As The State Transitions Out Of The Covid-19 Pandemic.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Hawaii State Energy Office To Convene A Renewable Liquid Fuels Working Group To Study Local Production, Development, And Incentives For Renewable Liquid Fuels.. Description: Requesting The Hawaii State Energy Office To Convene A Renewable Liquid Fuels Working Group To Study Local Production, Development, And Incentives For Renewable Liquid Fuels.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Education To Partner With The Hawaii State Teachers Association And Teacher Education Programs At Local Universities And Colleges To Provide Pathways For School Support Personnel To Become Full-time Teachers.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Education To Partner With The Hawaii State Teachers Association And Teacher Education Programs At Local Universities And Colleges To Provide Pathways For School Support Personnel To Become Full-time Teachers.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The United States Department Of Transportation To Conduct An Investigation Regarding The Safety Of The Bridges Along Hana Highway.. Description: Requesting The United States Department Of Transportation To Conduct An Investigation Regarding The Safety Of The Bridges Along Hana Highway.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting All High-occupancy State And County Buildings, The Design Of Which Commences On Or After July 1, 2025, To Be Designed And Constructed To Withstand Category Five Hurricanes And To Serve As Shelters In The Event Of An Emergency.. Description: Requesting All High-occupancy State And County Buildings, The Design Of Which Commences On Or After July 1, 2025, To Be Designed And Constructed To Withstand Category Five Hurricanes And To Serve As Shelters In The Event Of An Emergency.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Urging The State, City And County Of Honolulu, And United States Military To Coordinate And Address The Issue Of Illegal Dumping Within Waipahu And The Surrounding Communities Of Ewa, Pearl City, And Aiea On Oahu.. Description: Urging The State, City And County Of Honolulu, And United States Military To Coordinate And Address The Issue Of Illegal Dumping Within Waipahu And The Surrounding Communities Of Ewa, Pearl City, And Aiea On Oahu.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Hawaii Climate Change Mitigation And Adaptation Commission To Conduct An Educational Program Regarding The Activities Of Individuals That Contribute To Climate Change.. Description: Requesting The Hawaii Climate Change Mitigation And Adaptation Commission To Conduct An Educational Program Regarding The Activities Of Individuals That Contribute To Climate Change.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Urging The Department Of Health, Department Of Transportation, And Department Of Land And Natural Resources To Take Any Action Possible To Reduce The Carbon Emissions Arising From Airplane Transportation To And From The State.. Description: Urging The Department Of Health, Department Of Transportation, And Department Of Land And Natural Resources To Take Any Action Possible To Reduce The Carbon Emissions Arising From Airplane Transportation To And From The State.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Urging The United States Congress To Adopt The Social Security 2100 Act.. Description: Urging The United States Congress To Adopt The Social Security 2100 Act.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The City And County Of Honolulu To Transfer To The State The City And County Of Honolulu's Authority To Construct A Makakilo Drive Extension.. Description: Requesting The City And County Of Honolulu To Transfer To The State The City And County Of Honolulu's Authority To Construct A Makakilo Drive Extension.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Demanding The Department Of Accounting And General Services To Develop A Comprehensive Recycling Program, With Specific Focus On The Collection Of Hi-5 Recyclable Items, To Be Implemented In All Offices At The Hawaii State Capitol.. Description: Demanding The Department Of Accounting And General Services To Develop A Comprehensive Recycling Program, With Specific Focus On The Collection Of Hi-5 Recyclable Items, To Be Implemented In All Offices At The Hawaii State Capitol.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Office Of Planning And Sustainable Development To Convene A Working Group To Develop Recommendations To Expand Blue Carbon Initiatives In The State.. Description: Requesting The Office Of Planning And Sustainable Development To Convene A Working Group To Develop Recommendations To Expand Blue Carbon Initiatives In The State.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Urging The Department Of Hawaiian Home Lands To Display A Portrait Of Prince Jonah Kuhio Kalanianaole In Each State Building, Office, Meeting Room, And Waiting Area Under The Department's Jurisdiction.. Description: Urging The Department Of Hawaiian Home Lands To Display A Portrait Of Prince Jonah Kuhio Kalanianaole In Each State Building, Office, Meeting Room, And Waiting Area Under The Department's Jurisdiction.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Encouraging Developers To Incorporate Net Zero Water Building Strategies When Constructing And Renovating Housing Projects In The State.. Description: Encouraging Developers To Incorporate Net Zero Water Building Strategies When Constructing And Renovating Housing Projects In The State.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Department Of Transportation To Work With The City And County Of Honolulu To Plan And Implement Options For Alternative Ingress And Egress Routes In Pacific Palisades.. Description: Urging The Department Of Transportation To Work With The City And County Of Honolulu To Plan And Implement Options For Alternative Ingress And Egress Routes In Pacific Palisades.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Land And Natural Resources To Identify All Appropriate Sites At State Parks At Which A Water-bottle Filling Station Could Be Installed.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Land And Natural Resources To Identify All Appropriate Sites At State Parks At Which A Water-bottle Filling Station Could Be Installed.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Office Of Planning And Sustainable Development And Land Use Commission To Develop An Integrated Land Use Plan.. Description: Requesting The Office Of Planning And Sustainable Development And Land Use Commission To Develop An Integrated Land Use Plan.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Land And Natural Resources To Work With The National Oceanic And Atmospheric Administration And Other Experts To Conduct A Study On The Population Status Of Coral Reef Herbivores Around The Island Of Oahu And Develop Effective Policies For Substantially Increasing Those Populations Within A Decade.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Land And Natural Resources To Work With The National Oceanic And Atmospheric Administration And Other Experts To Conduct A Study On The Population Status Of Coral Reef Herbivores Around The Island Of Oahu And Develop Effective Policies For Substantially Increasing Those Populations Within A Decade.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Land And Natural Resources To Convene A Working Group To Make Recommendations On Solutions To Reduce Wildfire Risk And The Feasibility Of Establishing A Vegetation Management Program As It Relates To Landowners And Public Utilities.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Land And Natural Resources To Convene A Working Group To Make Recommendations On Solutions To Reduce Wildfire Risk And The Feasibility Of Establishing A Vegetation Management Program As It Relates To Landowners And Public Utilities.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Encouraging The Department Of Agriculture And Hawaii State Energy Office To Increase The State's Usage Of Biodiesel And To Fund Programs That Support The Development Of The Biodiesel Industry.. Description: Encouraging The Department Of Agriculture And Hawaii State Energy Office To Increase The State's Usage Of Biodiesel And To Fund Programs That Support The Development Of The Biodiesel Industry.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Health To Establish A Per- And Polyfluoroalkyl Substances Testing Grant Program In Collaboration With The University Of Hawaii.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Health To Establish A Per- And Polyfluoroalkyl Substances Testing Grant Program In Collaboration With The University Of Hawaii.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Agriculture To Establish A Sustainable Food Systems Working Group To Develop An Interagency Food Systems Plan.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Agriculture To Establish A Sustainable Food Systems Working Group To Develop An Interagency Food Systems Plan.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Urging The Department Of Health To Take All Action Necessary To Require Wastewater Treatment Plants To Test Sewage Sludge And Any Other Residual Material For The Presence Of Perfluoroalkyl And Polyfluoroalkyl Substances.. Description: Urging The Department Of Health To Take All Action Necessary To Require Wastewater Treatment Plants To Test Sewage Sludge And Any Other Residual Material For The Presence Of Perfluoroalkyl And Polyfluoroalkyl Substances.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting Hawaii's Congressional Delegation To Urge Congress To Fund Construction Of A Laboratory Certified By The Environmental Protection Agency To Provide Information To The Public On Environmental Toxins In The State.. Description: Requesting Hawaii's Congressional Delegation To Urge Congress To Fund Construction Of A Laboratory Certified By The Environmental Protection Agency To Provide Information To The Public On Environmental Toxins In The State.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Office Of The Governor To Convene A Working Group To Plan For The Remediation Of Perfluoroalkyl And Polyfluoroalkyl Substances (pfas) In The State.. Description: Requesting The Office Of The Governor To Convene A Working Group To Plan For The Remediation Of Perfluoroalkyl And Polyfluoroalkyl Substances (pfas) In The State.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Urging Every State Agency That Monitors Environmental Toxins And Pollutants To Follow Certain Procedural And Substantive Requirements For The Establishment And Modifications Of Environmental Action Levels.. Description: Urging Every State Agency That Monitors Environmental Toxins And Pollutants To Follow Certain Procedural And Substantive Requirements For The Establishment And Modifications Of Environmental Action Levels.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Urging The Governor's Senior Advisor For Mental Health And The Justice System To Define Their Role And To Provide An Annual Report To The Legislature On The Progress The State Has Made Towards Jail Diversion.. Description: Urging The Governor's Senior Advisor For Mental Health And The Justice System To Define Their Role And To Provide An Annual Report To The Legislature On The Progress The State Has Made Towards Jail Diversion.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Hawaii Climate Change Mitigation And Adaption Commission To Develop Vehicle Miles Traveled Reduction Strategies And Make Related Recommendations.. Description: Requesting The Hawaii Climate Change Mitigation And Adaption Commission To Develop Vehicle Miles Traveled Reduction Strategies And Make Related Recommendations.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting A Task Force Be Convened To Examine Successful Public Mass Transit Projects In Appropriate Cities And Countries And Develop Options To Reduce Cost And Return Increased Value To Residents From Funds Made Available By The State For Public Mass Transit.. Description: Requesting A Task Force Be Convened To Examine Successful Public Mass Transit Projects In Appropriate Cities And Countries And Develop Options To Reduce Cost And Return Increased Value To Residents From Funds Made Available By The State For Public Mass Transit.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Convening Of A Task Force To Research And Develop A Green Highway Program In The State.. Description: Requesting The Convening Of A Task Force To Research And Develop A Green Highway Program In The State.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Department Of Education To Study The Impact Of Teacher Salary Step Movements On Salary Schedule Compression.. Description: Urging The Department Of Education To Study The Impact Of Teacher Salary Step Movements On Salary Schedule Compression.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The University Of Hawaii To Develop A Comprehensive Plan To Address Student And Faculty Housing Facility Needs At The Manoa Campus.. Description: Requesting The University Of Hawaii To Develop A Comprehensive Plan To Address Student And Faculty Housing Facility Needs At The Manoa Campus.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Urging The Department Of Education, University Of Hawaii Community Colleges, And Hawaii P-20 Partnerships For Education To Develop Clear Pathways For Students In Department Of Education Career And Technical Education Academies To Seamlessly Continue Their Education In Career And Technical Education Programs At University Of Hawaii Community Colleges.. Description: Urging The Department Of Education, University Of Hawaii Community Colleges, And Hawaii P-20 Partnerships For Education To Develop Clear Pathways For Students In Department Of Education Career And Technical Education Academies To Seamlessly Continue Their Education In Career And Technical Education Programs At University Of Hawaii Community Colleges.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting Stakeholders To Update The East-west Center Study Titled "hawaii As An East-west Bridge: A Survey Of The Economic Value Of Non-tourist International Activities In Hawaii".. Description: Requesting Stakeholders To Update The East-west Center Study Titled "hawaii As An East-west Bridge: A Survey Of The Economic Value Of Non-tourist International Activities In Hawaii".
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Encouraging The Hawaii Sister-state Committee To Consider The Initiation Of A Sister-state Relationship Between Hawaii And The Spanish Province Of The Balearic Islands.. Description: Encouraging The Hawaii Sister-state Committee To Consider The Initiation Of A Sister-state Relationship Between Hawaii And The Spanish Province Of The Balearic Islands.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The State Foundation On Culture And The Arts To Begin Planning To Collaborate With Partners In Japan To Appropriately Recognize The Eightieth Anniversary Of The End Of World War Ii, Including The Atomic Bombings And Lives Lost In Japan And Hawaii Throughout The War, And Reaffirm A Commitment To Ensuring These Tragedies Are Never Repeated.. Description: Requesting The State Foundation On Culture And The Arts To Begin Planning To Collaborate With Partners In Japan To Appropriately Recognize The Eightieth Anniversary Of The End Of World War Ii, Including The Atomic Bombings And Lives Lost In Japan And Hawaii Throughout The War, And Reaffirm A Commitment To Ensuring These Tragedies Are Never Repeated.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Urging The State Foundation On Culture And The Arts To Convene A Task Force To Develop Art, Branding, And Narratives For An Appropriate Selection Of Hawaii's Unique Communities, Landmarks, Parks, And Other Similar Areas.. Description: Urging The State Foundation On Culture And The Arts To Convene A Task Force To Develop Art, Branding, And Narratives For An Appropriate Selection Of Hawaii's Unique Communities, Landmarks, Parks, And Other Similar Areas.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Urging The State Foundation On Culture And The Arts To Convene A Task Force To Research And Develop A Plan To Expand Access To Chess As A Competitive Sport.. Description: Urging The State Foundation On Culture And The Arts To Convene A Task Force To Research And Develop A Plan To Expand Access To Chess As A Competitive Sport.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The City And County Of Honolulu To Collaborate With The State To Expand Community Gardening Opportunities For Residents.. Description: Requesting The City And County Of Honolulu To Collaborate With The State To Expand Community Gardening Opportunities For Residents.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Hawaii Professional Chapter Of The Society Of Professional Journalists To Recommend A Process That Individuals Can Utilize To Evaluate And Identify Whether Or Not News Sources Adhere To Ethical And Objective Standards.. Description: Requesting The Hawaii Professional Chapter Of The Society Of Professional Journalists To Recommend A Process That Individuals Can Utilize To Evaluate And Identify Whether Or Not News Sources Adhere To Ethical And Objective Standards.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Urging Congress To Take Immediate And Decisive Action To Support Middle- And Lower-income Households In America.. Description: Urging Congress To Take Immediate And Decisive Action To Support Middle- And Lower-income Households In America.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Taxation To Conduct A Study On Disallowing The Dividends Paid Deduction For Real Estate Investment Trusts.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Taxation To Conduct A Study On Disallowing The Dividends Paid Deduction For Real Estate Investment Trusts.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Auditor To Assess The Social And Financial Effects Of Mandatory Health Insurance Coverage For Biomarker Testing.. Description: Requesting The Auditor To Assess The Social And Financial Effects Of Mandatory Health Insurance Coverage For Biomarker Testing.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of The Attorney General To Convene A Working Group To Study The Effectiveness Of Existing State Laws In Addressing The False Labeling Of Hawaii-made Food Products, With A Specific Emphasis On The Legal Mechanisms And Costs Associated With Protecting The Brands Of Hawaii-made Food Products.. Description: Requesting The Department Of The Attorney General To Convene A Working Group To Study The Effectiveness Of Existing State Laws In Addressing The False Labeling Of Hawaii-made Food Products, With A Specific Emphasis On The Legal Mechanisms And Costs Associated With Protecting The Brands Of Hawaii-made Food Products.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Urging The Department Of Agriculture To Establish A Two-year Agricultural Crime Pilot Project To Examine And Assess The Effectiveness Of Prosecuting Agricultural Crime Cases, Including Those Of Agricultural Theft, Vandalism, And Trespass, In The State.. Description: Urging The Department Of Agriculture To Establish A Two-year Agricultural Crime Pilot Project To Examine And Assess The Effectiveness Of Prosecuting Agricultural Crime Cases, Including Those Of Agricultural Theft, Vandalism, And Trespass, In The State.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Transportation To Conduct A Study On The Feasibility Of Bringing Other Airlines To The Molokai Airport.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Transportation To Conduct A Study On The Feasibility Of Bringing Other Airlines To The Molokai Airport.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Urging Pertinent State Agencies To Commit To Providing Culturally Appropriate Resources, Services, And Programs For Native Hawaiian Individuals With Intellectual And Developmental Disabilities And Their Families And Care Providers.. Description: Urging Pertinent State Agencies To Commit To Providing Culturally Appropriate Resources, Services, And Programs For Native Hawaiian Individuals With Intellectual And Developmental Disabilities And Their Families And Care Providers.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Urging The Department Of Health To Investigate And Implement Policies To Reduce The Importation Of Products, Packaging, Or Materials Containing Perfluoroalkyl And Polyfluoroalkyl Substances Into The State.. Description: Urging The Department Of Health To Investigate And Implement Policies To Reduce The Importation Of Products, Packaging, Or Materials Containing Perfluoroalkyl And Polyfluoroalkyl Substances Into The State.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Business, Economic Development, And Tourism To Propose Legislation That Establishes Incentives For Firm Renewable Electricity Generation.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Business, Economic Development, And Tourism To Propose Legislation That Establishes Incentives For Firm Renewable Electricity Generation.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Business, Economic Development, And Tourism To Collaborate With Universities In The State To Convene The Hawaii Creative Innovation Group.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Business, Economic Development, And Tourism To Collaborate With Universities In The State To Convene The Hawaii Creative Innovation Group.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Health To Convene A Twenty-first Century Data Governance Task Force To Assess Current Demographic Data Collection, Processing, Retention, And Sharing Procedures Utilized By All State Agencies.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Health To Convene A Twenty-first Century Data Governance Task Force To Assess Current Demographic Data Collection, Processing, Retention, And Sharing Procedures Utilized By All State Agencies.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Human Services To Report On The Cultural And Therapeutic Services Provided By Community-based Organizations At The Kawailoa Youth And Family Wellness Center.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Human Services To Report On The Cultural And Therapeutic Services Provided By Community-based Organizations At The Kawailoa Youth And Family Wellness Center.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Urging The Department Of Land And Natural Resources And Board Of Land And Natural Resources To Adopt Certain Procedures Relating To The Dam And Appurtenance Improvement Or Removal Grant Program To Assist Applicants In Obtaining Grants.. Description: Urging The Department Of Land And Natural Resources And Board Of Land And Natural Resources To Adopt Certain Procedures Relating To The Dam And Appurtenance Improvement Or Removal Grant Program To Assist Applicants In Obtaining Grants.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Budget And Finance To Work With The State Council On Developmental Disabilities To Enhance The Able Savings Program By Promoting It To All Individuals Who May Qualify.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Budget And Finance To Work With The State Council On Developmental Disabilities To Enhance The Able Savings Program By Promoting It To All Individuals Who May Qualify.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The State To Prohibit The Introduction Of Biocontrol Agents That Might Threaten Economically Important Forage Grass Species.. Description: Urging The State To Prohibit The Introduction Of Biocontrol Agents That Might Threaten Economically Important Forage Grass Species.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Establishment Of A Statewide Firefighting Aircraft Program.. Description: Requesting The Establishment Of A Statewide Firefighting Aircraft Program.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Urging The Public Utilities Commission To Honor And Comply With Its Statutory Duty To Investigate The Causes Of The August 2023 Maui Wildfires As Required By Section 269-9, Hawaii Revised Statutes.. Description: Urging The Public Utilities Commission To Honor And Comply With Its Statutory Duty To Investigate The Causes Of The August 2023 Maui Wildfires As Required By Section 269-9, Hawaii Revised Statutes.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Department Of The Attorney General To Investigate And Enforce Applicable Laws Against Landlords Who Are Ending Rental Agreements To House Fema-eligible Households Through The Direct Lease Program Or The Department Of Human Services Rental Assistance Program.. Description: Urging The Department Of The Attorney General To Investigate And Enforce Applicable Laws Against Landlords Who Are Ending Rental Agreements To House Fema-eligible Households Through The Direct Lease Program Or The Department Of Human Services Rental Assistance Program.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Human Resources Development To Conduct A Sample Survey Of Organizations In The State Within The For-profit, Nonprofit, And Government Sectors That Have Successfully Implemented Remote Work, Hybrid Work, Or Telework Arrangements.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Human Resources Development To Conduct A Sample Survey Of Organizations In The State Within The For-profit, Nonprofit, And Government Sectors That Have Successfully Implemented Remote Work, Hybrid Work, Or Telework Arrangements.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Insurance Commissioner To Conduct A Comprehensive Study On Wildfire Risk And Insurance, Including Market-based Approaches.. Description: Requesting The Insurance Commissioner To Conduct A Comprehensive Study On Wildfire Risk And Insurance, Including Market-based Approaches.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Human Services To Continue To Cease Intercepting Social Security Payments For Children In Foster Care.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Human Services To Continue To Cease Intercepting Social Security Payments For Children In Foster Care.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Urging The Department Of Agriculture To Adopt Proposed Amendments To Chapter 4-72, Hawaii Administrative Rules, That Provide Important Authorities For The Department To Prevent The Spread Of Insects, Diseases, And Other Invasive Pests Within The State.. Description: Urging The Department Of Agriculture To Adopt Proposed Amendments To Chapter 4-72, Hawaii Administrative Rules, That Provide Important Authorities For The Department To Prevent The Spread Of Insects, Diseases, And Other Invasive Pests Within The State.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Office Of The Auditor To Conduct A Performance Audit Of The Plant Pest Control Branch And Plant Quarantine Branch Within The Plant Industry Division Of The Department Of Agriculture.. Description: Requesting The Office Of The Auditor To Conduct A Performance Audit Of The Plant Pest Control Branch And Plant Quarantine Branch Within The Plant Industry Division Of The Department Of Agriculture.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Urging State Departments To Require Households Impacted By The Lahaina Fires To Exhaust Their Insurance Policies Before Requesting Financial Support From The State.. Description: Urging State Departments To Require Households Impacted By The Lahaina Fires To Exhaust Their Insurance Policies Before Requesting Financial Support From The State.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Encouraging The Capitol Modern Museum And State Foundation On Culture And The Arts To Increase Opportunities For Artists, Songwriters, And Producers To Showcase Their Talent On A Public Platform While Fostering Access To All Forms Of Art.. Description: Encouraging The Capitol Modern Museum And State Foundation On Culture And The Arts To Increase Opportunities For Artists, Songwriters, And Producers To Showcase Their Talent On A Public Platform While Fostering Access To All Forms Of Art.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Non-general Fund Reports.. Description: Amends the contents required to be submitted in each annual nongeneral fund program measures report and non-general fund cost element report. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Urging The Development Of A Baccalaureate Degree Program In Education With An Online Option At Leeward Community College To Address The Educational Needs Of Working Adults In All Counties.. Description: Urging The Development Of A Baccalaureate Degree Program In Education With An Online Option At Leeward Community College To Address The Educational Needs Of Working Adults In All Counties.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Land And Natural Resources, Office Of Planning And Sustainable Development, And County Of Maui To Inventory And Map Existing R-1 Water Delivery Systems And Reservoirs In Maui County.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Land And Natural Resources, Office Of Planning And Sustainable Development, And County Of Maui To Inventory And Map Existing R-1 Water Delivery Systems And Reservoirs In Maui County.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Auditor To Conduct A Social And Financial Assessment On Mandating Dental And Vision Insurance Coverage.. Description: Requesting The Auditor To Conduct A Social And Financial Assessment On Mandating Dental And Vision Insurance Coverage.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting All Branches Of The United States Military To Display The Hawaiian Flag On All United States Military Reservations And Military Training Facilities In The State.. Description: Requesting All Branches Of The United States Military To Display The Hawaiian Flag On All United States Military Reservations And Military Training Facilities In The State.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Accounting And General Services And Department Of Land And Natural Resources To Work With The City And County Of Honolulu To Establish Community Gardens On Underutilized Public Land.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Accounting And General Services And Department Of Land And Natural Resources To Work With The City And County Of Honolulu To Establish Community Gardens On Underutilized Public Land.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Office Of The Administrative Director Of The Courts To Collect, Compile, And Share Data On The Assessment Of Fees, Court Costs, Fines, And Restitution In Cases Against Minors.. Description: Requesting The Office Of The Administrative Director Of The Courts To Collect, Compile, And Share Data On The Assessment Of Fees, Court Costs, Fines, And Restitution In Cases Against Minors.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Land And Natural Resources To Collaborate With Federal, State, And County Governments; Landowners; And Stakeholders To Protect, Restore, And Manage The West Maui Wetlands And Wetlands Statewide.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Land And Natural Resources To Collaborate With Federal, State, And County Governments; Landowners; And Stakeholders To Protect, Restore, And Manage The West Maui Wetlands And Wetlands Statewide.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Urging The Department Of Land And Natural Resources To Require All Certified Arborists In Its Employ, Including Contractors, To Adhere To Industry Best Practices.. Description: Urging The Department Of Land And Natural Resources To Require All Certified Arborists In Its Employ, Including Contractors, To Adhere To Industry Best Practices.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Urging The Federal Emergency Management Agency To Utilize Funds For Non-congregate Housing For Infrastructure And Development Needs For Affordable Rental Housing.. Description: Urging The Federal Emergency Management Agency To Utilize Funds For Non-congregate Housing For Infrastructure And Development Needs For Affordable Rental Housing.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Land And Natural Resources To Conduct A Feasibility Study To Assess Reasonable Accommodations For Beach Access For Persons With Disabilities.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Land And Natural Resources To Conduct A Feasibility Study To Assess Reasonable Accommodations For Beach Access For Persons With Disabilities.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Urging The Federal Emergency Management Agency To Expedite The Placement Of Maui Wildfire Survivors Into The Federal Direct Lease Program.. Description: Urging The Federal Emergency Management Agency To Expedite The Placement Of Maui Wildfire Survivors Into The Federal Direct Lease Program.
In 2024, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Hawaii Construction Industry To Increase The Recycling Of Construction And Demolition Debris And To Expand The Usage Of Recycled Construction Materials To The Greatest Extent Possible.. Description: Urging The Hawaii Construction Industry To Increase The Recycling Of Construction And Demolition Debris And To Expand The Usage Of Recycled Construction Materials To The Greatest Extent Possible.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Health To Carry Out Widespread Soil Testing In Lahaina And To Develop A Soil Remediation Plan.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Health To Carry Out Widespread Soil Testing In Lahaina And To Develop A Soil Remediation Plan.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Urging The Division Of Boating And Ocean Recreation Of The Department Of Land And Natural Resources To Use Job Order Contracting For Boating And Ocean Recreation Facility Maintenance And Repair.. Description: Urging The Division Of Boating And Ocean Recreation Of The Department Of Land And Natural Resources To Use Job Order Contracting For Boating And Ocean Recreation Facility Maintenance And Repair.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Governor, In Collaboration With The County Of Maui, To Provide A Clear Strategy For Addressing The Short And Long-term Housing Needs For Residents Displaced By The August 2023 Maui Wildfires.. Description: Requesting The Governor, In Collaboration With The County Of Maui, To Provide A Clear Strategy For Addressing The Short And Long-term Housing Needs For Residents Displaced By The August 2023 Maui Wildfires.
In 2024, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Urging The Federal Government To Reimburse Hawaii For Debris Removal, The Dredging Of Toxic Materials, And Other Environmental Cleanup Efforts In Lahaina Harbor.. Description: Urging The Federal Government To Reimburse Hawaii For Debris Removal, The Dredging Of Toxic Materials, And Other Environmental Cleanup Efforts In Lahaina Harbor.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Time Sharing Plans.. Description: Clarifies when the disclosure of pertinent provisions of condominium project instruments must occur. Specifies that primary plan documents be listed in the public disclosure statement of a time share plan. Clarifies the manner in which the required disclosure of liens, title defects, or encumbrances on the titles of units may be made. Provides that a consultant's review of encumbrances shall be waived upon the certification from the developer that the time share interest is free and clear of blanket liens or that identifies all blanket liens. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Time Sharing.. Description: Clarifies that a developer is responsible for ensuring that the use of time share units located outside the State for time sharing purposes complies with zoning and land use laws and rules of the jurisdiction where the time share units are located and shall submit a certification to the Department of Commerce and Consumer Affairs that the developer has reviewed and concluded that the time share units located outside the State are in compliance with those regulations. Clarifies that a developer is not required to submit evidence of such compliance to register in Hawaii. Effective 6/30/3000. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Non-general Funds.. Description: Abolishes the Native Hawaiian Rights Fund of the Office of Hawaiian Affairs pursuant to the recommendation contained in Auditor's Report No. 2202. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Real Property Liens.. Description: Authorizes the State and the counties to place liens on real properties for unpaid civil fines resulting from violations of land use laws. Authorizes the State and counties, subject to adoption of appropriate and particular laws or rules establishing the power of sale, to sell properties after all notices, orders, and appeal proceedings, if any, are exhausted and use those revenues to pay unpaid civil fines related to property. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Liquor.. Description: Authorizes liquor licensees engaged in meal service to sell unopened beer, wine, and prepackaged cocktails with food for pick up, delivery, take out, or other means to be consumed off-premises. Authorizes liquor licensees holding class 4 retail dealer licenses to deliver purchased liquor to a customer's vehicle. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Water Common Carriers.. Description: Clarifies that a common water carrier may enter into vessel leases longer than five years or enter into leverage leases for vessels upon prior approval of the Public Utilities Commission. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Taxation.. Description: Converts the refundable food/excise tax credit to a tax rebate to be issued to qualifying taxpayers annually. Applies to taxable years beginning after 12/31/2022. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The State Budget.. Description: Relating to the state budget. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To State Programs.. Description: Appropriates funds to the department of taxation for upgrades to software and computer systems. Requires the department of business, economic development, and tourism to work with the University of Hawaii on workforce development activities that support the development of the Hawaii Pacific Hydrogen Hub. Appropriates funds for the Hawaii Pacific Hydrogen Hub. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Government Services.. Description: Clarifies the Office of the Legislative Analyst. Effective 7/1/2112. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To State Bonds.. Description: Authorizes issuance of general obligation bonds. Makes findings required by Article VII, Section 13, of the Hawaii State Constitution to declare that the issuance of authorized bonds will not cause the debt limit to be exceeded. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Non-general Funds.. Description: Reclassifies the human resources development special fund as a revolving fund pursuant to the recommendation made by the auditor in auditor's report no. 22-12. Effective 6/30/3000.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Non-general Funds.. Description: Abolishes or reclassifies certain non-general funds of the Department of Taxation pursuant to the recommendations contained in Auditor's Report No. 22-14. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The General Fund.. Description: Provides a tax credit to taxpayers and makes deposits to the emergency and budget reserve fund and other post-employment benefits trust fund pursuant to article VII, section 6, of the Hawaii State Constitution. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Campaign Finance.. Description: Authorizes candidates and their candidate committees to donate residual campaign funds to the general fund of the State or to the real property tax general fund of any county of the State. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Education.. Description: Establishes a nationally certified school psychologist incentive program. Appropriates funds for the incentive program. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Education.. Description: Requires the department of education to establish grant programs to provide funds for the planning and implementation of community schools. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Workers' Compensation.. Description: Authorizes wages of other employees in comparable employment to be considered when computing the average weekly wages of an injured public board member, reserve police officer, police chaplain, reserve public safety law enforcement officer, sheriffs' chaplain, volunteer firefighter, volunteer boating enforcement officer, or volunteer conservation and resources enforcement officer. Clarifies computation of average weekly wages of an injured volunteer firefighter for workers' compensation benefits purposes. Effective 6/30/3000.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Making An Appropriation For The Pu`uhonua Program.. Description: Appropriates funds to establish an unspecified number of fulltime equivalent positions for the University of Hawaii Windward Community College's Pu`uhonua Program. Effective 6/30/3000. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Criminal Justice.. Description: Requires that ongoing staff support for the centralized statewide criminal pretrial justice data reporting and collection system be conducted by the Criminal Justice Research Institute's staff and not be contracted to another entity. Requires the Criminal Justice Research Institute to protect any information and data that may be shared. Requires the Criminal Justice Research Institute to submit an annual report regarding the creation of the centralized statewide criminal pretrial justice data reporting and collection system to the Legislature for two years. Appropriates funds to establish a centralized statewide criminal pretrial justice data reporting and collection system pursuant to state law. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To After-school Programs.. Description: Appropriates funds for the Department of Education's Resources for Enrichment, Athletics/Academics, Culture, and Health program. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Controlled Substances.. Description: Prohibits the sale or holding, offering, and distribution of hemp products that contain cannabinoids created through isomerization. Exempts medical cannabis dispensaries from the prohibition. Inserts the alternative name for Delta 6 cis or trans tetrahydrocannabinol, and their optical isomers into the list of schedule I controlled substances. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The General Excise Tax.. Description: Establishes a temporary general excise tax exemption for amounts received from the servicing and maintenance of helicopters in an aircraft service and maintenance facility outside any Hawaii airport or from the construction of a facility that services and maintains helicopters where at least 75% of the helicopters serviced and maintained annually in the facility are equipped with quiet technology. Effective 7/1/3000. Sunsets 12/31/2028. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Authentic Assessments.. Description: Authorizes public school complexes to develop rigorous classroom-based performance assessments, including the use of authentic assessments as part of classroom-based performance assessments. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Single-use Plastics.. Description: Prohibits lodging establishments from providing personal care products in small plastic containers within sleeping room accommodations, any space within sleeping room accommodations, or bathrooms used by the public or guests. Establishes civil penalties. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Coastal Erosion.. Description: Establishes and appropriates funds for a two-year program at the University of Hawaii to study sand movement patterns and coastal erosion along the coast between Sunset Beach Park and Ehukai Beach Park on the North Shore of Oahu, including the impact of sandbag walls, tarps, rocks placed in the shoreline, sand pushing, and coastal restoration on beach processes. Establishes a temporary moratorium on the use of sandbag walls, unless authorized by an emergency permit from the Department of Land and Natural Resources. Requires a report to the Legislature. Appropriates funds. Effective 6/30/3000. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Campaign Contributions By Candidate Committees.. Description: Amends section 11-357, HRS, to prohibit elected officials as defined in section 11-342(d), HRS, from soliciting and accepting campaign contributions during any regular session or special session of the State Legislature, including any extension of any regular session or special session and any legislative recess day, holiday, or weekend.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Committee Fundraisers.. Description: Amends section 11-342, Hawaii Revised Statutes, to increase transparency by requiring candidate committees and noncandidate committees to file fundraiser notices regardless of the price or suggested contribution for attending the function.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Orders Of The Campaign Spending Commission.. Description: Deems the right to a contested case hearing waived if a person fails to request the hearing within thirty days after receipt of the Campaign Spending Commission's preliminary determination. Allows the Commission to file its order in the First Circuit Court for confirmation as a civil judgment. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Violations Of Campaign Finance Law.. Description: Increases the amount of fine from $1,000 to $5,000 that may be assessed against a noncandidate committee making only independent expenditures that has received at least 1 contribution of more than $10,000, or spent more than $10,000 in an election period, for campaign spending law violations. Allows the Campaign Spending Commission to order the fine be up to 3 times the amount of the unlawful contribution or expenditure, and to order that the payment of the fine assessed against a noncandidate committee, or any portion thereof, be paid from the personal funds of the candidate or the funds of the noncandidate committee or if the noncandidate committee cannot pay, the personal funds of the candidate or officers of the noncandidate committee. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Organizational Reports.. Description: Amends sections 11-322 and 11-333, Hawaii Revised Statutes, to require the Campaign Spending Commission ("Commission") to publish on its website the names of candidate and persons who qualify as noncandidate committees who fail to file an organizational report or a corrected organizational report with the Commission.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Partial Public Financing Of Elections.. Description: Increases the amount of partial public financing available for all offices. Adjusts the minimum amount of qualifying contributions certain candidates must receive to participate in the program. Increases the matching fund payments for excess qualifying contributions. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Preliminary Determination Of Probable Cause.. Description: Requires the Campaign Spending Commission to serve preliminary determinations of probable cause via first-class mail. Establishes a presumption of receipt when mailed to the address contained in the candidate or committee organizational report. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Limiting A Campaign's Acceptance Of Cash Contributions.. Description: Limits to $100 the total amount of cash a candidate, candidate committee, or noncandidate committee may accept from a single person during each election period.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Criminal Justice Data Sharing.. Description: Establishes a criminal justice data sharing working group to make recommendations for a statewide criminal justice data repository. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Professional Engineers.. Description: Provides that a person having professional-level government employment performing lawful experience in review of engineered plans and calculations under the direct supervision of an applicably licensed engineer is eligible for licensure as a professional engineer.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To License Plates.. Description: Requires license plates to include okina in the word "Hawaii". Establishes requirements for number plates issued for zero-emission, hybrid, and gasoline-powered vehicles beginning 1/1/2025. Requires the continued use of the rainbow number plate design for hybrid and gasoline-powered vehicles. Effective 6/30/3000. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Renewal Of Driver's Licenses.. Description: Authorizes the renewal of driver's licenses online by electronic or digital means. Effective 7/1/2025. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To License Plates.. Description: Authorizes the issuance of special number plates to commemorate Duke Kahanamoku. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Traffic Fines.. Description: Clarifies that each county may, by ordinance, designate certain sections of county highways as areas in which stopping, standing, or parking vehicles is prohibited or restricted. Provides that any federal or state agency authorizing a road closure shall supersede a county ordinance. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Public Corruption.. Description: Specifies that a person convicted of the offense of bribery shall be sentenced to pay a fine of up to $250,000, in addition to a sentence of imprisonment or probation. Requires the Commission on Salaries to consider certain factors to retain qualified individuals and deter corruption and bribery. Amends the effective dates of recommended salary increases. Effective 6/30/3000. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Recounts.. Description: Provides that a mandatory recount shall occur when the difference in votes cast is equal to or less than 100 votes or one-quarter of 1% of the total number of votes cast for the contest, whichever is lesser. Establishes that the filing deadline for a complaint for a contest for cause that arises from a mandatory recount shall be the same as the filing deadline for complaints for contests in which no mandatory recount was held.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Elections.. Description: Establishes definitions for purposes of electronic voting. Specifies additional requirements and procedures with which the chief election officer must comply when using an electronic voting system, including procedures for conducting the post-election, pre-certification audit. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The Budget Of The Office Of Hawaiian Affairs.. Description: Appropriates moneys to fund the operating expenses of the Office of Hawaiian Affairs for the fiscal biennium beginning on 7/1/2023 and ending on 6/30/2025. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Legislative Allowance.. Description: Requires each house of the legislature to post a report of the legislative allowance expenditures for each member of the respective house on the legislature's website. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Lobbyists.. Description: Beginning 1/1/2025, requires the statement of expenditures filed by lobbyists and other persons who engage in lobbying activities to include certain information on the identity of the legislative or administrative action that was commented on, supported by, or opposed by the person filing the statement during the statement period. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Mandatory Lobbyist Training.. Description: Requires the State Ethics Commission to establish and administer a lobbyist training course and makes the lobbyist training course mandatory for all lobbyists.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Record Disposition.. Description: Provides the State Ethics Commission with the discretion to maintain or destroy records of financial disclosure statements beyond the current 6-year statutory requirement. Applies retroactively to applicable disclosures that are in the Commission's possession and control.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Financial Disclosures.. Description: Beginning 1/1/2025, requires each state legislator to include within the legislator's disclosure of financial interests the names of certain lobbyists with whom the legislator has a relationship. Effective 1/1/2025. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Gifts From Lobbyists.. Description: Prohibits lobbyists from making gifts that are prohibited under state ethics law.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Reduced Ignition Propensity Cigarette Program.. Description: Provides for additional use of the moneys in the reduced ignition propensity cigarette program special fund to support the state fire council and its programs and activities. Adds to the jurisdiction of the state fire council those functions that are consistent with the uses being authorized for the reduced ignition propensity cigarette program special fund. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Unmanned Aircraft Systems.. Description: Establishes the offense of trespass with an unmanned aircraft system as a misdemeanor. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The State Fire Council.. Description: Adds to the membership of the state fire council, and to the membership of advisory committees that the council may appoint, representatives from the Hawaii state aircraft rescue fire fighting unit and the division of forestry and wildlife of the department of land and natural resources to reflect all nonfederal fire fighting agencies in the State. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Liquor Licenses.. Description: Exempts the notarization requirement for renewals of liquor licenses. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Collective Bargaining.. Description: Establishes that the representative of labor on the Hawaii Labor Relations Board shall be a person selected by a majority of the exclusive representatives of the collective bargaining units. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Limited-profit Housing Associations.. Description: Establishes a limited-profit housing associations working group. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Collective Bargaining.. Description: Requires the Department of Human Resources Development to conduct a study to review the repricing processes in section 89-9, Hawaii Revised Statutes, and submit a report to the Legislature prior to the convening of the Regular Session of 2024. Effective 6/30/3000. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Professional License Fee Renewals.. Description: Requires each public employer to pay for the employer's employees' professional license renewal fees. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Internal Complaint Procedures.. Description: Clarifies internal complaint procedures for civil service positions by requiring a formal complaint to be filed within twenty working days. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Wages.. Description: Makes general contractors entering into or under contracts in the State for work on buildings, structures, or other private construction works liable for debt incurred by subcontractors for wages due to claimants for performance of labor in the contract between the general contractor and owner. Effective 6/30/3000. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Public Works.. Description: Imposes penalties, including suspension, on the person and firm upon a finding of violation of state law governing wages and hours of employees on public work projects. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Renewable Energy.. Description: Establishes labor requirements for the construction of renewable energy projects with a capacity rating of ten megawatts or greater. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Energy Efficiency.. Description: Prohibits the sale of certain fluorescent lamps as a new manufactured product, with certain exemptions. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Energy-efficiency Portfolio Standards.. Description: Extends the State's energy-efficiency portfolio standards from 2030 to 2045. Authorizes the public utilities commission to establish interim goals. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Climate Change Mitigation.. Description: Requires the Department of Health to establish a Refrigerant Management Program to reduce emissions of high global warming potential refrigerants and any refrigerant that is an ozone depleting substance from stationary, commercial, and industrial refrigeration systems and air conditioning systems and adopt rules for the regulation of the use of such refrigerants. Requires the State Building Code Council to establish codes and standards consistent with the goal of reducing greenhouse gas emissions associated with hydrofluorocarbons when updating the State Building Code. Specifies that no law, rule, ordinance, or code, including the State Building Code, shall prohibit or limit the use of a refrigerant deemed acceptable under federal law. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Historic Preservation.. Description: Expands the definition of "historic property" for purposes of the Historic Preservation Program. Effective 6/30/3000. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Historic Preservation Reviews.. Description: Authorizes the department of land and natural resources, through the state historic preservation division to contract its review of proposed state projects, projects on privately owned historic property, and projects affecting historic properties to third-party consultants if the department will not be able to complete its review within sixty days. Appropriates funds. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Civil Service.. Description: Allows professional and technical staff of the state historic preservation division to be exempt from civil service laws. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Tourism.. Description: Requires the department of agriculture to include a statement on desecration laws in the plant and animal declaration form. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Home Renovations.. Description: Updates the cost valuations of work on certain residences for the work to qualify for an exemption from the requirement that plans and specifications for construction projects be prepared by a licensed engineer or architect. Clarifies work that is not exempt from these requirements. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Prescription Drugs.. Description: Requires certain pharmacies to provide accessible prescription drug label information to individuals who have difficulty seeing or reading standard printed labels on prescription drug containers and inform the public that prescription drug label information is available in alternate accessible formats for individuals who have difficulty seeing or reading prescription drug container labels. Requires the Board of Pharmacy to adopt certain rules by 12/31/2024. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Human Services.. Description: Adjusts the method by which the Department of Human Services shall calculate payments to providers of medical care and longterm supports and services. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Human Services.. Description: Establishes the Hawaii Public Housing Authority public housing tenant upward mobility pilot program. Permits the Hawaii Public Housing Authority to contract with outside parties to implement the program. Requires interim and final reports to the Legislature. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Human Services.. Description: Amends Act 317, Session Laws of Hawaii 2022, to grant the Department of Human Services flexibility in developing a comprehensive child welfare information system and extend the appropriation lapse date. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To A Child Tax Credit.. Description: Establishes a nonrefundable state child tax credit. Effective 6/30/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Career And Technical Education.. Description: Establishes a career and technical education working group to strengthen career and technical education in the State's public schools. Makes an appropriation. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Agriculture.. Description: Increases the percentages of local agricultural products that certain departments are required to purchase by certain deadlines. Expands annual reporting requirements to include the total spending by certain market channels. Requires the University of Hawaii system to include a corrective action plan in its respective report to the legislature, should it not meet its benchmark. Repeals the separate benchmark for the department of education that requires thirty per cent of food served in public schools to consist of locally sourced products by 2030. Appropriates funds for the establishment of a farm-to-state liaison within the office of the governor. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Education.. Description: Requires the department of education to fully implement the farm to school program and farm to school meals program by the 20242025 school year. Provides that complex area superintendents have the authority to implement the farm to school and farm to school meals programs. Requires certain school cafeteria supervisors to report directly to complex area superintendents. Establishes school cafeteria supervisor positions. Requires the office of talent management of the department of education to conduct a compensation review of school cafeteria supervisor positions. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Hawaii Child Nutrition Program.. Description: Establishes the Hawaii child nutrition programs agency in the department of human services. Establishes a grant program to support the funding of certain initiatives for the State's public schools. Establishes three permanent full-time equivalent positions (3.0 FTE). Appropriates funds. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Farm To School Procurement.. Description: Requires the department of education to establish rules for the procurement of goods and services related to the administration of food programs at public schools that incorporate a geographic preference for unprocessed locally grown and locally raised food products. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Department Of Human Resources Development.. Description: Appropriates funds to the department of human resources development for the establishment of new employee positions and the learning management system. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Acquisition Of The Saint Francis School Campus For The University Of Hawaii At Manoa.. Description: Authorizes the Board of Regents of the University of Hawaii to issue revenue bonds for the acquisition of the Saint Francis School campus located at 2707 Pamoa Road in Honolulu. Appropriates moneys to the University of Hawaii for the acquisition of the Saint Francis School campus located at 2707 Pamoa Road in Honolulu. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Consumer Protection.. Description: Prohibits using geographic origins of coffee in labeling or advertising for roasted or instant coffee that contains less than a certain percentage of coffee by weight from that geographic origin, phased in to a minimum of fifty-one per cent on or after 7/1/2026. Excludes roasted or instant coffee produced in whole or in part from Hawaii-grown green coffee beans that are not offered for retail sale directly to consumers from labeling requirements. Prohibits use of the term "All Hawaiian" in labeling or advertising for roasted or instant coffee not produced entirely from green coffee beans grown and processed in the State. Authorizes retailers who, by 6/30/2024, purchase roasted or instant coffee blends that use a geographic origin in labeling or advertising containing less than twenty per cent Hawaii-grown coffee by weight to sell-off coffee inventory until 12/31/2024. Effective 6/30/3000. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Education.. Description: Requires DOE to develop and implement safety training for all cafeteria student helpers and ensure the student helpers receive the training prior to them volunteering. Requires DOE to provide personal protective equipment for all cafeteria student helpers prior to the student helpers volunteering. Requires all cafeteria student helpers to be directed and supervised by trained personnel at all times. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Early Learning Opportunities.. Description: Requires the Department of Human Services to establish a Child Care Accreditation Program to assist licensed and registered child care providers in obtaining accreditation. Authorizes the use of the Child Care Grant Program Special Fund for Child Care Accreditation Program grants. Makes the accreditation requirement for service providers receiving funds from the Preschool Open Doors Program voluntary. Appropriates funds for the Child Care Accreditation Program, including funding for the establishment of one full-time equivalent (1.0 FTE) position. Appropriates funds into and out of the Child Care Grant Program Special Fund for the Child Care Accreditation Program. Effective 6/30/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Education.. Description: Provides a process for school placement for a child whose parent has transferred or is pending transfer from another state to a military installation in Hawaii while on active military duty pursuant to an official military order. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Crimes Against Sports Officials.. Description: Makes intentionally or knowingly causing bodily injury to a sports official a class C felony. Authorizes a court to enjoin the offender from attending any sports event of the type at which the sports official was engaged in the lawful discharge of the sports official's duties. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Motor Vehicle Insurance.. Description: Increases the fines for violating motor vehicle insurance requirements. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Health.. Description: Appropriates funds for the executive office on aging to create and implement an Alzheimer's disease and related dementias public health campaign. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The State Budget.. Description: Appropriates funds for the operating and capital improvement budget of the Executive Branch for fiscal years 2023-2024 and 2024-2025. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Workforce Development.. Description: Establishes the state YouthBuild program to assist nonprofit and public entities in applying and qualifying for federal YouthBuild program grants. Authorizes the department of labor and industrial relations to award grants to eligible nonprofit or public entities to meet the matching funds requirement for federal YouthBuild grant awards. Appropriates funds. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Agriculture.. Description: Updates the Hawaii State Planning Act's economic agricultural objectives and policies and priority guidelines by removing references to the sugar and pineapple industries. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Ornamental Ginger.. Description: Appropriates funds to the University of Hawaii for statewide research into ornamental ginger pathogens, prevention of the spread of ornamental ginger pathogens, production and distribution of pathogen-free ornamental ginger plants, and outreach to ornamental ginger producers. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Agricultural Park Leases.. Description: Allows the department of agriculture to extend the agricultural park lease of any lessee who holds a lease with a remaining term of fifteen years or less, if the land covered by the lease is twenty-five acres or less and located in a county with a population of less than five hundred thousand. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Sustainable Food Systems.. Description: Establishes the sustainable food systems working group within the Department of Agriculture. Requires the working group to submit a plan, any recommendations for implementing the plan, and any proposed legislation to the Legislature. Appropriates funds to establish the working group and develop the plan and for an unspecified number of sustainability specialist positions to be employed by the Department of Agriculture. Effective 6/30/3000. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Agriculture.. Description: Establishes and appropriates funds for the Foreign Agriculture Small Equipment Pilot Program at a University of Hawaii community college, to be administered by the Department of Agriculture in collaboration with the University of Hawaii. Appropriates funds to the Department of Agriculture for the Pilot Program. Requires a report to the Legislature. Effective 7/1/3000. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Food Banks.. Description: Appropriates funds to the Office of Community Services to fund the purchase, storage, and transportation of food for distribution to the food banks in the State. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Taxation.. Description: Amends the adjusted gross income brackets and credit amounts of the refundable food/excise tax credit. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Employer-union Health Benefits Trust Fund Contributions.. Description: Sets the amount of the employer contribution to the Hawaii employer-union health benefits trust fund as a fixed percentage of the health benefits plan or life insurance plan premium cost. Makes conforming amendments to remove the amount of contributions by the State and counties to the Hawaii employerunion health benefits trust fund from the scope of collective bargaining negotiations. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Department Of Education Procurement.. Description: Exempts small purchases of career and technical education equipment for the department of education from the electronic procurement system requirements. Adjusts the quotation requirements for the procurement of small purchases of career and technical education equipment for the department. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Exemptions From Civil Service For Positions In The Department Of Human Services.. Description: Permanently exempts nine positions in the Department of Human Services from civil service. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Brother Joseph Dutton Day.. Description: Designates April 27 of each year as Brother Joseph Dutton Day. Effective 6/30/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Electric Vehicle Charging Infrastructure.. Description: Requires that new state facilities be designed to be electric vehicle charger-ready. Requires that 25% of parking stalls be electric vehicle charger-ready. Requires the Hawaii State Energy Office, in consultation with the Department of Accounting and General Services and Department of Transportation, to conduct a survey and identify certain high-priority state facilities. Establishes a goal of the State to retrofit state facilities to be electric vehicle charger-ready. Requires a report to the Legislature. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/3000. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Children.. Description: Expands the original jurisdiction of family court to include proceedings for declarations of emancipation of minors. Specifies the rights of an emancipated minor. Establishes procedures for the emancipation of minors. Effective 1/1/2024. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Child Abuse Reporting.. Description: Establishes that the exemption from mandatory reporting by members of the clergy does not apply when the clergy member believes that there exists a substantial risk that child abuse or neglect that is especially heinous, atrocious, or cruel, manifesting exceptional depravity, may occur in the reasonably foreseeable future. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Tax Credits.. Description: Establishes a nonrefundable income tax credit for owners of condominium units whose condominium association is increasing maintenance fees or imposing a special assessment to comply with a county ordinance requiring an automatic fire sprinkler system or alternative fire prevention and fire safety system, to be applied to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2023. Effective 6/30/3000. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Temporary Restraining Orders.. Description: Authorizes the family courts to allow petitioners to attend TRO hearings remotely upon request. Requires the courts to consider certain factors. Requires the courts to allow petitioners who allege domestic abuse to attend TRO hearings remotely. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Health Care Education.. Description: Appropriates funds for the expansion of the certified nurse aide to practical nurse bridge program at the University of Hawaii Maui college, including funding for instructional costs and student aid. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Housing.. Description: Increases the deadline for a county council to take action on an affordable housing project's application from forty-five days to an unspecified number of days after receipt of the proposed project's preliminary plans and specifications from the Hawaii housing finance and development corporation. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Green Jobs Youth Corps.. Description: Appropriates funds to the Department of Land and Natural Resources and its partner, or partners, for the continuation of benefits of the Green Jobs Youth Corps. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Trespass.. Description: Clarifies that when trespass involves public land, all state and county law enforcement officers may enforce trespass laws, without regard to whether the land is owned by the State or by a county. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Special Management Areas.. Description: Expands exclusions from the definition of "development" as it applies to special management areas to reduce the need for special management area permits for certain activities. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Public Utilities Commission.. Description: Requires the public utilities commission to issue a decision within six months from the date that a public utility or water carrier has filed a financial application request for commission authorization to issue stocks and stock certificates, bonds, notes, and other evidences of indebtedness. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Public Utilities Commission.. Description: Requires any reporting requirement established by the public utilities commission through an order and not by statute to expire one year after the issuance of the order. Allows continuation of the reporting requirement if a new order is issued and justification for the continuance is provided. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The Public Utilities Commission.. Description: Exempts a public utility and water carrier from obtaining the required public utilities commission authorization when: disposing of a fully depreciated asset or property with a zero net book value, if the disposal is made to an unaffiliated entity and results in a zero or net reduction to the public utility's or water carrier's rate base; or donating a fully depreciated asset or property with zero net book value to a charitable or nonprofit organization. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Public Utilities Commission.. Description: Requires the public utilities commission to complete its review and issue a decision within nine months from the date that a public utility, other than an investor-owned electric utility company, files its completed application seeking approval for a merger, consolidation, acquisition, or other change of control and within twelve months from the date of the application for an investor-owned electric utility company. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Telecommunications And Cable Industry Information Reporting.. Description: Repeals chapter 440J, HRS, relating to telecommunications and cable industry information reporting requirements for broadband service providers. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Alcohol.. Description: Expands the definition of "beer" under the liquor regulatory laws to mean any alcoholic beverage containing no less than 0.5 per cent alcohol by volume obtained by fermentation of any infusion or decoction of malt or any substitute, including alcohol seltzer beverages and excluding sake, cooler beverages, and other distilled products. Authorizes brewpubs to sell beer they manufacture, including beer manufactured on their premises, subject to certain conditions. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Motor Vehicles.. Description: Subjects organizations that receive motor vehicles as charitable donations to the rights, responsibilities, and liabilities of transferees of the motor vehicle title or interest. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Controlled Substances.. Description: Establishes a Substance Use Disorder Services Clinic Working Group to develop recommendations to balance the needs of persons receiving treatment for substance use disorders with the needs of public safety. Requires a report to the Legislature. Effective 6/30/2050. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Condominiums.. Description: Repeals the cutoff date of Act 196, Session Laws of Hawaii 2018, that allowed the use of funds in the condominium education trust fund initially dedicated to support voluntary binding arbitration to be used for other educational purposes. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The Judiciary.. Description: Appropriates funds for the Judiciary for the fiscal biennium beginning 7/1/2023 and ending 6/30/2025. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Parentage.. Description: Enacts portions of the Uniform Parentage Act of 2017 to replace the Uniform Parentage Act of 1973. Effective 3/22/2075. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Safety Of Judiciary Personnel.. Description: Prohibits, in certain circumstances, the publication of the personal information of federal and state judges and other judicial staff whose duties put them at risk for acts of violence or threats. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Education.. Description: Adopts the National Instructional Materials Accessibility Standard. Requires the Department of Education to obtain instructional materials in accessible formats for eligible students. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The University Of Hawaii Promise Program.. Description: Provides scholarships for the unmet direct cost needs of qualified students at any four-year University of Hawaii campus who meet certain eligibility criteria. Makes an appropriation for the Hawaii promise program. Effective 6/30/3000.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Taxation.. Description: Establishes an employer-provided or employer-sponsored child care income tax credit for employers that pay for certain available child care services to their employees. Establishes an employer child care property income tax credit for the cost of child care property purchased or acquired by an employer and put into service for employer-provided child care. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Health.. Description: Requires the Department of Health and Oahu Regional Health Care System to develop a strategic plan for the utilization of all Oahu Regional Health Care System facilities and report to the Legislature before the Regular Session of 2024. Extends the deadline to assimilate the Daniel K. Akaka State Veterans Home from the Department of Defense to the Oahu Regional Health Care System to 6/30/2024. Requires the Oahu Regional Health Care System and the Department of Defense to provide a joint progress report to the Legislature regarding construction of, and the hiring of an operator for, the Daniel K. Akaka State Veterans Home. Appropriates funds for the capital improvement project to construct a transitional treatment and housing facility on the Leahi Hospital campus. Effective 6/30/2050. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Department Of Human Resources Development.. Description: Appropriates matching funds for the Department of Human Resources Development to retain the services of an online employment marketplace or networking platform to assist in recruiting employees for the State. Effective 6/30/3000. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Making An Appropriation To Implement The Recommendations Of The Task Force On Mobility Management, Established Pursuant To Act 214, Session Laws Of Hawaii 2013.. Description: Appropriates funds to the Department of Transportation to implement the recommendations of the task force on mobility management established pursuant to Act 214, SLH 2013. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Emergency Preparedness.. Description: Appropriates funds for repairing warning sirens statewide. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Residential Photovoltaic Energy Generating Systems.. Description: Requires the counties to exempt from county permitting requirements the installation of off-grid residential photovoltaic energy generating systems on the rooftops of residential properties, under certain circumstances. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Noise.. Description: Prohibits use, sale, alteration, or installation of motor vehicle mufflers that emit more than 95 decibels of sound.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Firearms.. Description: Establishes standards of conduct for firearm industry members. Authorizes any person who has suffered harm because of a firearm industry member's violation of the standards of conduct to bring a civil action. Authorizes the attorney general or any county attorney or public prosecutor to bring a civil action against a firearm industry member for violation of standards of conduct. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Immigrant Services.. Description: Establishes and appropriates funds for an immigrant services and access unit within the office of community services. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Climate Equity.. Description: Appropriates funds for the development of a database and data portal from data sources detailed in the May 2022 report on social vulnerability to climate change in Hawaii, under certain conditions. Appropriates funds for the maintenance and updating of the data portal. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Minors.. Description: Allows minors sixteen years of age or older and emancipated minors to petition for domestic abuse protective orders. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Child Care.. Description: Requires the department of human services, when determining income eligibility for child care subsidies, to consider special circumstances, such as the retroactive payment of workers' compensation or temporary disability insurance benefits, that cause the monthly gross income of a parent, guardian, or other responsible party to exceed the eligible monthly gross income. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Incarcerated Individuals.. Description: Amends Act 125, Session Laws of Hawaii 2022, to extend the time to expend appropriations for the establishment of a pilot visitation and family resource center at Waiawa Correctional Facility on Oahu and makes conforming amendments related to the establishment of the department of corrections and rehabilitation. Effective 6/29/2023. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Elections.. Description: Lowers the threshold for disclosure of campaign expenditures for noncandidate committees to $500. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Magnet Schools.. Description: Establishes a five-year magnet school pilot program at Waiahole and Kaaawa elementary schools. Establishes eight full-time equivalent (8.0 FTE) positions. Appropriates funds. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Minors.. Description: Requires providers of no cost emergency shelter and related services to maintain separation for unrelated adults and minor children. Makes permanent the amendments to the definition of "provider" to include organizations that are not child placing organizations or child caring institutions that meet certain criteria. Effective 6/30/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The State Foundation On Culture And The Arts.. Description: Appropriates funds for the State Foundation on Culture and the Arts Creative Workforce Grant program for the awarding of grants to eligible nonprofit arts and culture organizations to support a living wage for creative workers. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The State Of Hawaii Museum Of Natural And Cultural History.. Description: Appropriates federal funds to sustain and support the State of Hawaii Museum of Natural and Cultural History. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The State Foundation On Culture And The Arts.. Description: Specifies the membership and qualifications for membership of the State Foundation on Culture and the Arts Commission. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Highway Safety.. Description: Amends the definitions of "special interest vehicle", "street rod replica vehicle", and "street rod vehicle", for purposes of the Hawaii Highway Safety Act, to be based on the age of the vehicle or the parts used, rather than a certain year. Requires vehicles to meet the safety standards that were in effect at the time of manufacture. Establishes a motor vehicle safety inspection and motor vehicle registration task force. Requires a report to the Legislature. Effective 6/30/3000. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Marriage.. Description: Provides for the replacement of certificates of marriage for individuals who have changed their gender, sex, and, if applicable, name. Effective 1/1/2024. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To A Leave Grant Program.. Description: Requires the department of labor and industrial relations to conduct an actuarial study on a leave grant pilot program to help small businesses offer their employees paid family leave and paid sick leave. Appropriates funds. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Housing.. Description: Requires the school facilities authority to conduct a feasibility study for the development of teacher and workforce housing at the Queen Liliuokalani elementary school property. Requires a report to the legislature prior to the 2024 regular session. Appropriates funds for the feasibility study. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Education.. Description: Appropriates funds to DOE to promote surfing as an interscholastic sport. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Computer Science Education.. Description: Requires the Board of Education to work with the Department of Education to conduct an analysis on the necessary timeline and appropriate process for making computer science a graduation requirement by no later than the 2030-2031 school year. Requires the Board of Education to determine whether making computer science a graduation requirement would be in the best interests of public school students and the public. Requires the Board of Education to make a determination on how students could be allowed to complete computer science courses as a substitute for core academic courses to satisfy graduation credit requirements, beginning with the 2024-2025 school year. Requires a report to the Legislature. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Raw Milk.. Description: Authorizes and decriminalizes the sale of raw milk and raw milk products directly from producers to consumers, for human consumption, with certain restrictions. Authorizes the sale of raw goat milk for pet consumption. Establishes labeling requirements. Requires the board of agriculture and department of health to adopt rules no later than 7/1/2024. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Emergency Management.. Description: Removes the ability of the governor or a mayor to suspend electronic media transmission during a state of emergency. Effective 3/22/2075. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The Uniform Commercial Code.. Description: Implements the 2022 Uniform Commercial Code Amendments set forth by the Uniform Law Commission. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Electronic Smoking Devices.. Description: Includes electronic smoking devices and e-liquids under the definition of "tobacco products" for purposes of cigarette tax and tobacco tax law. Repeals the electronic smoking device retailer registration unit under the department of the attorney general. Effective 1/1/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Residential Real Property.. Description: Establishes penalties for failure to remediate violations, including fines and, under circumstances, foreclosure. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Education.. Description: Beginning with the 2023-2024 school year, requires the department of education and public charter schools to provide free breakfast and lunch to all enrolled students. Appropriates funds. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Vehicle Safety.. Description: Requires proper head lamp specifications for vehicle safety inspections. Requires the Department of Transportation to amend its administrative rules to allow motor vehicle owners whose motor vehicle registration and safety inspection are both expired to obtain a motor vehicle safety inspection without evidence of a motor vehicle's registration before registering the motor vehicle. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Procurement.. Description: Allows bidders to clarify or correct immaterial or technical information required as part of a bid submission for up to twenty-four hours after the bid submission deadline. Requires that bids for construction be opened no sooner than twenty-four hours after the deadline for the submission of bids. Defines "immaterial or technical information". Repeals 6/30/2026. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Fuel Tank Advisory Committee.. Description: Requires the Fuel Tank Advisory Committee to hold no fewer than one regular meeting in each quarter of a calendar year. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Early Child Care.. Description: Requires the Department of Human Services to establish and implement a two-year Infant and Toddler Child Care Worker Subsidy Pilot Program to retain the existing early child care workforce in licensed infant and toddler child care center settings. Appropriates funds for the pilot program. Requires reports to the Legislature. Sunsets 7/1/2025. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Health.. Description: Prohibits the sale of flavored tobacco products and the mislabeling of e-liquids as nicotine free. Authorizes the department of health to appoint, commission, or contract for services of inspectors. Establishes two full-time equivalent program specialist positions and one full-time equivalent hearing officer position. Appropriates funds. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Taxation.. Description: Establishes an income tax credit for qualified farms that donate eligible food products or prepared food to food banks or food pantries located in the State. Appropriates funds. Sunsets 6/30/2026. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Campus Safety.. Description: Requires that the University of Hawaii ensure that any individual who participates in implementing the University's disciplinary process has training or experience in handling sexual misconduct complaints and the University's disciplinary process. Requires that the University provide mandatory annual trauma-informed, gender-inclusive, LGBTQ+-inclusive sexual misconduct primary prevention and awareness programming for students and employees of the University. Prohibits the University from taking certain disciplinary action against individuals reporting sexual misconduct unless certain exceptions apply. Establishes positions and appropriates funds. (CD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Tax Credits.. Description: Requires that income tax credits established or renewed after 12/31/2023 include a five-year sunset or an annual one-third reduction beginning with the sixth year of the credit. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Permits.. Description: Establishes an exemption from applicable county permit requirements for repetitive construction projects for facilities under the control of the Department of Education, University of Hawaii, or School Facilities Authority. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Department Of Human Resources Development.. Description: Appropriates moneys to establish an unspecified number of fulltime equivalent information technology specialist positions within the Department of Human Resources Development and upgrade information technology systems within the Department of Human Resources Development, including network upgrades; purchase and install desktop computers, workstations, and laptops; and train personnel. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To State Self-insurance Against Property And Casualty Risks.. Description: Establishes the State Self-Insurance Against Property and Casualty Risks Special Fund to be administered by the Comptroller to make it easier for the State to self-insure or utilize a captive insurer to mitigate against property and casualty risks. Appropriates funds. Effective 6/30/3000. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Department Of Hawaiian Home Lands.. Description: Exempts certain projects for the Department of Hawaiian Home Lands from general excise taxes. Makes permanent the exemption of certain housing developed by the Department of Hawaiian Home Lands from school impact fee requirements. Ensures that the $600,000,000 appropriated to the Department of Hawaiian Home Lands in Act 279, Session Laws of Hawaii 2022, is available for expenditure until June 30, 2025. Makes permanent the issuance of county affordable housing credits to the Department of Hawaiian Home Lands. Effective 1/1/2024. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Administrative Rulemaking.. Description: Requires that prior to the adoption, amendment, or repeal of an administrative rule, electronic notice of the proposed rulemaking be provided to all persons who have made a timely written request to, and provided a valid working email address to, the adopting agency for advance notice of its rulemaking proceedings. Requires that alterations to administrative rules be displayed in Ramseyer format and the full text of rules be made available in a digitally accessible and searchable format. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Fentanyl Test Strips.. Description: Excludes from the definition of "drug paraphernalia", testing products utilized in determining whether a controlled substance contains chemicals, toxic substances, or hazardous compounds in quantities that can cause physical harm or death, including but not limited to fentanyl test strips. Defines "fentanyl test strip". (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Feral Chicken Management.. Description: Requires the department of land and natural resources, department of agriculture, and counties to collaborate on feral chicken management projects. Appropriates funds. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Human Trafficking.. Description: Establishes the statewide human trafficking prevention program within the department of the attorney general to provide services and assistance to victims of human trafficking and victims of the commercial sexual exploitation of children. Requires reports to the legislature. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Victim-counselor Privilege.. Description: Expands the victim-counselor privilege under the Hawaii Rules of Evidence to include confidential advocates employed by the University of Hawaii. Increases the minimum number of hours of training a domestic violence victims' counselor must complete to be considered a victim counselor. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Child Custody.. Description: Requires certain individuals attempting to serve as child custody evaluators to complete a training course on the dynamics of domestic violence every three years. Requires individuals to submit a letter or certificate of completion to the family court. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Sexual Abuse Of Minors.. Description: Expands the time period by which a civil action for childhood sexual abuse may be initiated, including an otherwise timebarred action. Authorizes a court to require personnel of legal entities to undergo training on traumainformed response. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Judiciary.. Description: Requires the Judiciary to develop and implement an automated court appearance reminder system that generates text message and electronic mail notifications for upcoming court appearances in certain types of cases. Appropriates funds. Effective 6/30/3000. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Police Reports.. Description: Allows surviving immediate family members of deceased persons for whom law enforcement initiated an investigation to receive a copy of the closing report prepared by the investigating police department after a specified period of time. Sunsets 6/30/2025. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Safe Routes To School.. Description: Establishes the Safe Routes to School Advisory Committee. Requires the Safe Routes to School Advisory Committee to develop a comprehensive, statewide Safe Routes to School Plan. Amends the duties of the Department of Transportation's Safe Routes to School Program. Deposits state highway funds into the safe routes to school program special fund. Appropriates funds from the safe routes to school program special fund. (CD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Infrastructure.. Description: Establishes a dam and reservoir working group to ensure and enhance the continued availability and operation of dams and reservoirs in the State and consider their role in drought mitigation and the maintenance of a dependable water supply. Appropriates funds. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Meat Processing.. Description: Requires the Department of Agriculture, in collaboration with other state agencies, to develop and implement a plan by 7/1/2025 to expand the meat processing capacity in the State to allow for meat from axis deer and other wild game to be processed for distribution by nonprofit food distribution services. Appropriates funds. Effective 6/30/3000. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Taxation.. Description: Creates an income tax credit for transportation costs incurred by certain taxpayers who ship produce and agricultural goods between counties. Effective 6/30/3000. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Taxation.. Description: Establishes an organic foods production tax credit applicable to taxable years beginning after 12/31/2023. Sunsets 12/31/2033. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Agriculture.. Description: Appropriates funds to the Department of Agriculture for costs for its meat inspection program, including the establishment of 1 full-time equivalent (1.0 FTE) inspector program supervisor position and 3 full-time equivalent (3.0 FTE) inspector positions to perform meat inspection services. Effective 6/30/3000. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Taxation.. Description: Establishes the farm workforce retention tax credit for farm employers or owners of farm employers who employ eligible farm employees. Effective 6/30/3000. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Taxation.. Description: Establishes an income tax credit to alleviate the high costs of production for farmers, ranchers, and fishers and incentivize growth in the agricultural sector in the State. Effective 6/30/3000. Applies to taxable years beginning after 12/31/2023. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Restrictions On Agricultural Uses And Activities.. Description: Clarifies that any provision in a private agreement contained in a conveyance of land recorded on or before 7/8/2003 that have since expired but have not been renewed and recorded in the bureau of conveyances are prohibited from restricting bona fide agricultural uses and activities on agricultural land. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Oral Health.. Description: Establishes an oral health task force to review the status of oral health in the State and make recommendations to improve the State's oral health infrastructure. Requires reports to the Legislature. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/2050 and 7/1/2051. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Family.. Description: Establishes an exemption from mediation in paternity proceedings where there are allegations of domestic abuse if the party alleging domestic abuse does not wish to participate. Prohibits a mediator from engaging in mediation where there are allegations of domestic abuse unless certain requisites are met. Prohibits a court from requiring mediation in paternity proceedings if there is a temporary restraining order or a protective order in effect and the party alleging domestic abuse does not wish to participate. Allows the court to order mediation in paternity proceedings where there are allegations of domestic abuse but there is no temporary restraining order or no protective order, under certain circumstances. Replaces the term "family violence" with "domestic abuse" in section 58041.5, HRS.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Suicide Prevention.. Description: Establishes a Prevent Suicide Hawaii Working Group within the Office of Wellness and Resilience. Requires the working group to focus on preventing suicides in the State, particularly among Native Hawaiians, Pacific Islanders, farmers, youth, LGBTQIA+, veterans, and other populations identified by the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention as a high-risk population for suicide; implement recommendations in the Prevent Suicide Hawaii Task Force's interim report; and report to the Legislature before the Regular Session of 2025. Effective 6/30/2050. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Insurance.. Description: Amends the required coverage for shared cars that are made available through a peer-to-peer car-sharing program. Clarifies when the requirements for motor vehicle insurance coverage are satisfied. Provides that the counties may adopt ordinances to regulate peer-to-peer car-sharing vehicles for companies whose insurance coverage falls below an unspecified amount. Sunsets 7/1/2025. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Consumer Protection.. Description: Requires check cashers to report suspected financial exploitation of elders and vulnerable adults in relation to check cashing. Authorizes a check casher to refuse to cash a check in situations of suspected financial exploitation. Provides immunity for check cashers acting in good faith. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Alcohol.. Description: Establishes a definition of "low alcohol by volume spirits beverage". Establishes a tax on low alcohol by volume sprits beverages at a rate of $1.98 per wine gallon. Expands the definition of "beer" under the State's liquor tax and liquor regulatory laws, to specify that the term includes an alcohol by volume of no less than 0.5 per cent, but excludes certain other forms of distillation. Effective 6/30/3000. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Health.. Description: Authorizes advanced practice registered nurses to practice medical-aid-in-dying. Authorizes licensed advanced practice registered nurses and clinical nurse specialists with psychiatric or mental health training and licensed marriage and family therapists to provide counseling to a qualified patient. Reduces from twenty to five days, the mandatory waiting period between the two oral requests required for a qualified patient to obtain a prescription for medication. Waives the mandatory waiting period for terminally ill qualified patients who are not expected to survive the mandatory waiting period. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Caregivers.. Description: Requires the Executive Office on Aging to establish a Workforce Development and Support Center. Requires the Center to develop a Workforce Pilot Project. Requires the Workforce Pilot Project to terminate on 6/30/2026. Appropriates funds. Effective 6/30/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Buildings.. Description: Requires state agencies to process the aggregated energy and water data of certain properties through the federal ENERGY STAR Portfolio Manager and submit the benchmarking data to the Hawaii state energy office. Appropriates funds. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The Issuance Of Special Purpose Revenue Bonds For Not-for-profit Corporations That Provide Health Care Facilities To The General Public.. Description: Authorizes the issuance of special purpose revenue bonds to assist Hawaii Pacific Health and one or more of its nonprofit affiliates in financing the costs of the construction of, improvements to, and equipping of their health care facilities at Straub Medical Center. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Housing.. Description: Conditions the authority of a county whose population is greater than five hundred thousand to exercise state housing powers upon a county's continued compliance with provisions regarding acceptance of the dedication of infrastructure and public highways in affordable housing developments. Amends various provisions relating to the dedication of infrastructure to a county. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Land Use Commission.. Description: Specifies that a simple majority of affirmative votes of the members of the Land Use Commission present at a meeting and qualified to vote is required for any boundary amendment. Reduces the number of days within which the Land Use Commission must act for certain actions related to amendments to district boundaries. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The Hawaii Public Housing Authority.. Description: Repeals the percentage requirements for the Hawaii public housing authority related to the admission of applicants, with or without preferences, into federal and state low-income public housing units. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The Hawaii Housing Finance And Development Corporation.. Description: Requires, if sufficient funding is available, the Hawaii Housing Finance and Development Corporation to open at minimum two application periods each year for the receipt of applications for financing for the development of affordable housing in the State from the Low-Income Housing Tax Credit Program, Hula Mae Multi-Family Program, Rental Housing Revolving Fund Program, and Dwelling Unit Revolving Fund Program. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To District Boundary Amendments.. Description: Authorizes the appropriate county land use decision-making authority to determine district boundary amendments involving land areas over fifteen acres but not over one hundred acres, except lands that are designated as important agricultural land or lands where the soil is classified by the Land Study Bureau's detailed land classification as overall (master) productivity class A or B if the county has adopted an ordinance that meets certain requirements. Requires each county land use decision-making authority whose county adopted an ordinance to submit a report to the Legislature. (CD2)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The Dwelling Unit Revolving Fund.. Description: Changes the computation of interest that a purchaser of certain real property is required to pay to the Hawaii Housing Finance and Development Corporation upon the purchaser's sale or assignment of the real property after a specified period of time. Authorizes the Hawaii Housing Finance and Development Corporation to establish a five year dwelling unit revolving fund equity pilot program and report to the Legislature regarding the pilot program. Authorizes the Hawaii Housing Finance and Development Corporation to use up to $10,000,000 of existing funds in the dwelling unit revolving fund for the pilot program. Sunsets 6/30/2028. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Housing.. Description: Provides a new source of interim financing for affordable housing projects using housing program in Chapter 201H, Hawaii Revised Statutes. Requires and appropriates moneys for the Hawaii Housing Finance and Development Corporation to conduct a study assessing the efficacy of housing credit programs. Requires a report to the Legislature. Sunsets 7/1/2028. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To State Funds.. Description: Amends the deposit of general funds for the Hawaii Housing Finance and Development Corporation's Rental Housing Revolving Fund in Act 236, Session Laws of Hawaii 2022, to help the State meet its American Rescue Plan Act maintenance of effort obligations. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Agriculture.. Description: Establishes the Hawaii agricultural investment program within the Agribusiness Development Corporation to support local agricultural producers. Requires annual reports. Appropriates funds for program and positions. Effective 6/30/3000. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Pesticides.. Description: Increases the maximum administrative and criminal penalties for violators of the Hawaii pesticides law. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The University Of Hawaii.. Description: Appropriates funds to support the Aquaculture Disease Diagnostic Laboratory at the Department of Agriculture Animal Industry Division Veterinary Laboratory Services Branch, in partnership with the University of Hawaii College of Tropical Agriculture and Human Resources. Effective 6/30/3000. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Fences.. Description: Allows the use of battery-charged security fences used for non-agricultural purposes, under certain circumstances. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Motor Vehicle Registration.. Description: Provides an exemption for flatbed trucks from registration renewals and initial registrations of motor carrier vehicles when used as marine terminal equipment temporarily moving in or between certain terminals. Adds new terminal locales and roadways to be covered under the exemption. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To False Claims.. Description: Makes it a class C felony to make false, fictitious, or fraudulent claims against the government. Disqualifies a person convicted of making a false, fictitious, or fraudulent claim from holding elected office for five years. Takes effect 3/22/2075. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Government.. Description: Provides that a person commits a class B felony offense of obstruction of justice if the person intentionally influences; obstructs; impedes; or endeavors to influence, obstruct, or impede, the due administration of justice by means of force, threat of force, coercion, fraud, or deception. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Fraud.. Description: Establishes the offense of fraud as a class B felony. Disqualifies a person charged with fraud from holding elected office for ten years. Takes effect 3/22/2075. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Recordings Of Public Meetings.. Description: Encourages boards to maintain recordings of board meetings on the board's website regardless of whether the written minutes of the meeting have been posted. Requires boards to provide the State Archives with a copy of any recording of a board meeting before removing the recording from the board's website. Requires the written minutes of board meetings to include a link to the electronic audio or video recording, if available online. Effective 10/1/2023. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Mooring Lines.. Description: Requires that the securing of mooring lines from vessels requiring tug assistance to commercial docks, wharves, piers, quays, and landings be performed by a stevedoring company. Defines "stevedoring company". Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Nepotism.. Description: Prohibits under certain circumstances state employees from appointing, hiring, promoting, or retaining relatives and household members and from making or participating in certain other employment-related decisions and from awarding a contract to or otherwise taking official action on a contract with a business if the employee's relative or household member is an executive officer of or holds a substantial ownership interest in that business. Imposes administrative fines for violations. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Public Records.. Description: Imposes a cap on charges for the reproduction of certain government records. Waives the cost of duplication of government records provided to requestors in an electronic format. Allows agencies to withhold certain deliberative documents before a decision is made. Imposes a cap on charges for searching for, reviewing, and segregating records. Provides for a waiver of fees when the public interest is served by a record's disclosure. Appropriates funds for positions in the Office of Information Practices. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Sunshine Law.. Description: Expands application of the State's sunshine law to legislatively appointed bodies, including task forces, working groups, commissions, special committees, and select committees. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Campaign Contributions.. Description: Amends the prohibition against contributions to a candidate committee or noncandidate committee by state and county contractors to include state and county grantees and the owners, officers, and immediate family members of a state or county contractor or state or county grantee. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Campaign Contributions.. Description: Prohibits state and county elected officials from soliciting and accepting campaign contributions during any regular session or special session of the state legislature, including any extension of any regular session or special session and any legislative recess days, holidays, and weekends.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Campaign Funds.. Description: Disallows a ballot issue committee to donate surplus funds to a community service, educational, youth, recreational, charitable, scientific, or literary organization. Disallows the use of campaign funds to purchase up to two tickets for an event or fundraiser held by another candidate or committee. Allows a candidate, treasurer, or candidate committee to make contributions to another candidate in an amount of not more than $2,000 per election period. Takes effect 3/22/2075. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Complaints Alleging Violations Of Campaign Spending Laws.. Description: Allows the Campaign Spending Commission to treat a respondent's failure to explain or otherwise respond to a complaint alleging a violation of campaign spending laws as a rebuttable presumption that a violation has occurred. Provides that the respondent shall have thirty days from the mailing of the complaint to respond before the presumption arises. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Motor Vehicle Safety Inspections.. Description: Requires the department of transportation to amend its administrative rules to allow motor vehicle owners whose motor vehicle registration and safety check are both expired to register their motor vehicle without first obtaining a certificate of inspection or obtain a certificate of inspection without first registering their motor vehicle. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Protective Orders.. Description: Expands the jurisdiction for a petition for a domestic abuse protective order to be in the family court in which the nonresident is located; the respondent resides; the subject of a petition that is a minor, incapacitated person, or person who is physically unable to go to the appropriate place; or the domestic abuse occurred. Expands the jurisdiction for petitions for temporary restraining orders due to harassment to be in the district court in which the nonresident is located; the respondent resides; or the harassment occurred. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Aquatic Nuisance Species.. Description: Authorizes the Department of Land and Natural Resources to adopt rules to prevent and respond to the introduction of aquatic nuisance species from discharges incidental to the normal operation of a vessel and contemplate the relationship between the federal Vessel Incidental Discharge Act of 2018, as amended, and state law. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Land Use.. Description: Requires the department of land and natural resources to prepare plans and a program to facilitate voluntary relocation of residential development away from areas at risk of sea level rise. Establishes the sea level rise relocation special fund. Allows the exchange of public land for private lands for the transfer of development rights or land exchanges to relocate private development away from high-risk areas. Appropriates funds. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Aquatic Resources.. Description: Expands the department of land and natural resources' rulemaking authority to include any rule deemed necessary to protect certain aquatic life. Expands the board of land and natural resources' authority to temporarily adopt, amend, or repeal certain natural resource rules by formal action at a publicly noticed meeting if the board finds that such adoption, amendment, or repeal is necessary to implement effective and adaptive management measures in response to new or previously benign aquatic nuisance species, in light of newly available technology, or in light of newly available data. Creates new fines for violations of rules pertaining to the department's prevention of or response to previously benign aquatic nuisance species. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Background Checks.. Description: Authorizes the department of human services to conduct background checks for current and prospective employees, volunteers, contractors, contractors' employees and volunteers, subcontractors, and subcontractors' employees and volunteers whose position places them or would place them in close proximity to certain minors, young adults, or vulnerable adults. Clarifies that any state law permitting a more extensive inquiry into an individual's criminal history by the State and any of its branches, political subdivisions, agencies, or semi-autonomous public bodies corporate and politic will prevail over conflicting conviction record inquiries under the State's employment practices law. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Medical Release.. Description: Creates a medical release program within the department of public safety for certain ill or impaired inmates who pose a low risk to public safety. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Children.. Description: Requires that when an officer has custody of a child under the age of eighteen for an alleged violation of law, the child shall have contact with legal counsel and, to the extent practicable, a parent, guardian, or legal custodian before the child waives any right against self-incrimination and before any custodial interrogation. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Minors.. Description: Grants a circuit court, when sentencing a minor for a criminal offense or adult convicted of a felony criminal offense that was committed before reaching the age of majority, the discretion to impose a sentence that includes a period of incarceration that is as much as fifty per cent shorter than any mandatory minimum and, in certain cases, decline to impose a mandatory enhanced sentence. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Disability Awareness.. Description: Designates the month of October as "Disability Awareness Month: Employment, Enrichment, and Inclusion" in recognition of the employment challenges and successes of persons with disabilities in the State. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Occupational Licensure.. Description: Establishes procedures and eligibility criteria for a privilege to practice public accountancy in this State for public accountants and certified public accountants licensed in another state with comparable education, examination, and experience requirements. Subjects all holders of a practice privilege to the regulatory and enforcement jurisdiction of the board of public accountancy. Sunsets 6/30/2025. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Affordable Housing.. Description: Requires the counties to adopt ordinances by 7/1/2024 to allow religious institutions, educational institutions, and medical institutions to build housing units on land that the institutions own for purchase in fee simple or use by the institutions, their employees, or their contractors, regardless of current zoning restrictions. Requires institutions to own housing units for thirty years before offering the housing units for sale. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Limu Kala.. Description: Designates limu kala (Sargassum echinocarpum) as the official Hawaii state limu. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Deaths Within The Correctional System.. Description: Expands the scope of reports on correctional facility and community correctional center deaths that are submitted to the governor and legislature. Requires certain reports to be published on the department of corrections and rehabilitation website. Mandates public access to other information reported. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Student Transportation.. Description: Requires the department of education to establish a student bus fare rate system to include free bus passes for students whose household qualifies the student for free or reduced price lunch under the free and reduced price lunch program. Appropriates funds. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To American Sign Language.. Description: Recognizes American Sign Language as a fully developed, autonomous, natural language with its own grammar, syntax, vocabulary, and cultural heritage. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The State Plan.. Description: Establishes green infrastructure objectives, policies, and priority guidelines for state facility systems, infrastructure, transit projects, and other areas in the Hawaii State Planning Act to improve the quality of life for residents and visitors. Adds definition of "green infrastructure". Requires the Office of Planning and Sustainable Development, in partnership with the Greenhouse Gas Sequestration Task Force, to submit a report to the Legislature making recommendations for implementing the green infrastructure objectives, policies, and priority guidelines. Establishes full-time equivalent ( .0 FTE) policy analyst positions within the Office of Planning and Sustainable Development. Appropriates funds. Effective 6/30/3000. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Long-term Care.. Description: Reestablishes the Long-Term Care Commission within the University of Hawaii College of Social Sciences' Social Science Research Institute to identify further needed reforms of Hawaii's long-term care system. Appropriates funds. Effective 6/30/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Domestic Abuse Protective Orders.. Description: Requires domestic abuse protective order cases to be reports to the department of human services when the case involve allegations of child abuse or neglect, rather than allegations of domestic abuse. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Education.. Description: Authorizes supplemental categorical funding for remote schools. Defines "remote school". Appropriates funds. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The Hawaii Institute For Marine Biology.. Description: Appropriates funds for the establishment of three support staff positions for the Hawaii Institute of Marine Biology. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Education.. Description: Within the department of education formally establishes the trauma-informed education pilot program. Appropriates funds for one twelve-month complex area trauma-informed resource teacher permanent position and one district educational specialist II permanent position for the Castle-Kahuku complex area. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To State Enterprise Zones.. Description: Amends the definition of "eligible business activity" to include the processing of value-added agricultural products grown within an enterprise zone and the development or production of renewable energy. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The Neighbor Islands Blind And Visually Impaired Service Pilot Program.. Description: Requires the department of human services to establish a neighbor islands blind and visually impaired service pilot program that supplements existing statewide services by providing training and other services to neighbor island residents who are blind or visually impaired. Requires the department of human services to establish a working group to develop a pilot program implementation plan and submit the plan to the legislature before the regular session of 2024. Requires a report to the legislature on the pilot program before the regular session of 2029. Appropriates funds. Sunsets 6/30/2029. (CD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Hawaii Healthy Aging Partnership.. Description: Appropriates funds to the Executive Office on Aging of the Department of Health for the Hawaii Healthy Aging Partnership. Effective 6/30/3000. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Education.. Description: Establishes and appropriates funds for the Hawaii teacher apprenticeship program to support, recruit, develop, and retain teachers for Hawaii public schools. Establishes the Hawaii teacher apprenticeship program special fund. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The University Of Hawaii.. Description: Establishes the Hookaulike: A Criminal Legal System Institute for Restoration and Healing, at the University of Hawaii William S. Richardson school of law. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Policing.. Description: Requires each county police department to collect, report, and publicly publish certain data regarding police stops, arrests, uses of force, and trends. Effective 12/1/23. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Health.. Description: Appropriates funds to the department of health to operate mobile clinics providing medication-assisted treatment throughout the State. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Traveling Team Physicians.. Description: Exempts from state physician licensure requirements out-of-state traveling team physicians who accompany a sports team to Hawaii, under certain conditions. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Small Boat Harbors.. Description: Appropriates funds out of the Boating Special Fund for      full-time equivalent positions under the Department of Land and Natural Resources to provide security at small boat harbors statewide. Effective 6/30/3000. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Department Of Education.. Description: Requires the Department of Education to assess its facilities and provide the legislature with a list of priority facilities in each county at which the installation of renewable energy systems on school facilities would provide the most benefit, provide a list of priority play areas on school campuses in each county that are most in need of covered play areas to protect children from over-exposure to heat and ultraviolet rays, and assess and report on the feasibility of including renewable energy systems on play area covers on school campuses. Requires a report to the legislature. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Education.. Description: Beginning with the 2024-2025 school year, requires the department of education to include financial literacy in the personal transition plan requirement for each student. Appropriates funds for the establishment of a position dedicated to financial literacy within the department of education. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Health.. Description: Designates the month of September as Fetal Alcohol Spectrum Disorder Awareness Month to promote public awareness of the risks of alcohol consumption during pregnancy. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Sustainable Groundwater Yields.. Description: Requires the University of Hawaii, in consultation with the commission on water resource management, to develop a scope of work and cost analysis to complete a flexible groundwater model that proposes methods for determining the needs of traditional and customary Native Hawaiian practices, climate change projections, and groundwater dependent ecosystems. Requires a joint report to be submitted to the legislature by 11/1/2023. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Telehealth.. Description: Temporarily allows for the reimbursement of services provided through telehealth via an interactive telecommunications system and two-way, real-time audio-only communications in certain circumstances. Defines "interactive telecommunications system". Repeals 12/31/2025. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Land Conservation Fund.. Description: Amends the maximum amount of conveyance tax revenues allocated to the Land Conservation Fund. Effective 6/30/3000. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Natural Energy Laboratory Of Hawaii Authority.. Description: Amends the statutory duties of the natural energy laboratory of Hawaii authority. Requires the authority to conduct certain activities in a culturally sensitive and environmentally appropriate manner and to engage in community outreach and education. Amends the authorized composition of the authority's board. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Health.. Description: Repeals existing law that requires the Department of Health to conduct unannounced visits and inspections, including inspections for relicensing or recertification, of state-licensed special treatment facilities. Requires the Department of Health to prioritize investigations of complaints against state-licensed or state-certified care facilities based on the degree of severity of the allegations. Clarifies that any person, corporation, or any other entity that provides health care or human services is prohibited from knowingly referring or transferring patients to an uncertified or unlicensed care facility. Repeals existing law providing that a landlord shall not be deemed to be providing home care services or operating a care facility that requires a license under specified conditions. Effective 6/30/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Hawaii State Building Code.. Description: Allows the counties to adopt a county building code for single-family dwellings, additional dwellings, duplexes, and non-commercial structures that has an unspecified amount of square feet of living area and is distinct from the Hawaii state building codes. Sunsets 6/30/2026. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Agriculture.. Description: Extends the offense of false labeling of Hawaii-grown coffee to include roasted coffee.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Bonds.. Description: Requires counties with a private activity bond issuance program to exhaust their allotment before applying to the State for the state allocation. Requires the State, if it receives a county allocation, to award that same amount to project or projects in that county. Authorizes the department of budget and finance and Hawaii housing finance and development corporation to enter into a cooperative agreement with a county to coordinate the award of private activity bonds and low-income housing tax credits for new rental housing projects in the county. Requires the directors of finance of each county to report to the department of budget and finance and Hawaii housing finance and development corporation any county amount of unused or unassigned allocation. Clarifying that no special purpose revenue bonds requiring an allocation of annual state ceiling shall be authorized after 6/30/2023 and before 12/31/2028. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Telecommunications Access For Individuals With Print Disabilities.. Description: Appropriates funds to the Public Utilities Commission to provide free telecommunications access to certain information for individuals with a print disability. (CD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Emergency Medical Response.. Description: Requires each department of education school and public charter school to establish a critical emergency response team. Appropriates funds. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Agriculture.. Description: Establishes a food manufacturer tax credit. Defines "qualified taxpayer" as a manufacturer that produces value-added processed, agricultural, or food products. Applies to taxable years beginning after 12/31/2023. Effective 6/30/3000. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Child And Adolescent Mental Health.. Description: Establishes a two-year child and adolescent crisis mobile outreach team pilot program on Oahu and one neighbor island site to expand existing crisis response services. Appropriates funds. Sunsets 12/31/2025. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Renewable Energy.. Description: Establishes and appropriates funds for a solar energy storage system loan program to provide asset limited, income constrained, employed households with low-interest loans to purchase and install solar energy storage systems. Establishes and appropriates funds for a renewable energy system installation loan program to provide asset limited, income constrained, employed households with low-interest loans to purchase and install residential photovoltaic and energy storage systems, including battery storage systems. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Assisted Community Treatment Orders.. Description: Authorizes psychiatrists or advanced practice registered nurses, after examination of a person for assisted community treatment indication, to request assistance from the attorney general to file an assisted community treatment petition. Authorizes the family court to use online hearings for assisted community treatment petitions. Clarifies provision of notice for assisted community treatment petitions. Authorizes any interested party to request assistance from the attorney general to file a petition for an extension of assisted community treatment. Extends the time period that a family court may order continued assisted community treatment. Reduces the time period that a family court needs to determine whether assisted community treatment should continue. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Housing.. Description: Deposits funds into the Rental Housing Revolving Fund to be used to provide grants or loans to mixed-income rental projects or units qualifying individuals and families. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Natural Resources.. Description: Appropriates funds to the department of land and natural resources to address the impacts of climate change in the State. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The Department Of Land And Natural Resources.. Description: Requires DLNR to develop and publish a website and mobile application that includes the application processes, including a means of collecting any fees, for a permit, license, or reservation needed to conduct recreational and commercial activities in the State. Requires DLNR to make available existing application processes in a digital format to be used on the website and mobile application. Appropriates funds for the establishment of the website and mobile application. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Taxation.. Description: Increases the household and dependent care services tax credit for five years. Increases the refundable earned income tax credit for five years. Increases the income thresholds and credit amounts of the refundable food/excise tax credit for five years. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The School Facilities Authority.. Description: Explicitly includes prekindergarten facilities within the scope of authority of the School Facilities Authority. Transfers $200,000,000 of general funds previously appropriated to the School Facilities Authority of the Department of Education to the School Facilities Special Fund for FY 2023-2024. Appropriates funds out of the School Facilities Special Fund for the School Facilities Authority to expand access to eligible children for prekindergarten. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Early Learning.. Description: Expands the types of entities from which a Preschool Open Doors service provider may obtain accreditation. Beginning 1/1/2024, expands the Preschool Open Doors Program application process to eligible 3year-old children. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Broadband.. Description: Appropriates general fund moneys that are required to match federal moneys for broadband programs. Appropriates moneys received by the State from the federal Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act for the broadband equity, access, and deployment program. Effective 6/30/3000. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Election Of The President.. Description: Establishes presidential preference primary elections. Makes an appropriation. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The University Of Hawaii.. Description: Appropriates funds to establish positions for the University of Hawaii Pamantasan Council. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Agricultural Lands.. Description: Makes technical changes to the statutory definitions of "agricultural enterprise lands" and "non-agricultural park lands" for clarification and consistency purposes. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Agricultural Loans.. Description: Establishes the agricultural emergency loan revolving fund, to be administered by the Department of Agriculture, to fund Class "D" loans. Appropriates funds. Effective 6/30/3000. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The Animal Industry Special Fund.. Description: Adds revenue generated by the State Veterinary Laboratory and Animal Disease Control Branch as sources for the Animal Industry Special Fund and clarifies that the funds from the special fund may be expended to make laboratory improvements. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii enrolled a bill titled: Relating To Hemp.. Description: Repeals the requirement for additional rules by the Department of Agriculture to address nuisance issues, including smell, noise, and excessive lighting arising out of the activities of hemp growers. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Agriculture.. Description: Establishes a program specialist position within the Department of Agriculture and appropriates moneys to fund the position. Requires the grant specialist to prioritize assistance for farmers and ranchers who produce local food, at least some portion of which is consumed within the State. Effective 6/30/3000. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Sustainable Agriculture.. Description: Clarifies the requirements for participation under the cover crop reimbursement pilot program. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Purchases Of Health And Human Services.. Description: Abolishes the Community Council on Purchase of Health and Human Services. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Purchases Of Health And Human Services.. Description: Transfers certain duties from the administrator of the State Procurement Office to the heads of health and human services purchasing agencies. Changes the small purchase threshold for health and human services. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Public Employment Cost Items.. Description: Provides appropriations for collective bargaining cost items for the members of bargaining unit (3) and their excluded counterparts, including the cost of salary adjustments negotiated between the State and the bargaining unit representative for fiscal biennium 2023-2025. Effective 6/30/3000. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Forfeiture Pursuant To Section 804-51, Hawaii Revised Statutes.. Description: Allows notice of a bond or recognizance forfeiture to be sent to either the surety (bond company) or surety insurer (insurance company), by certified mail, to start the thirty-day forfeiture countdown for the surety or surety insurer to locate and surrender a principal (criminal defendant) or file a motion or application to set aside the bond or recognizance forfeiture. Provides the State with an avenue to appeal when the court grants a motion or application to set aside a bail bond forfeiture. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Criminal History Background Checks.. Description: Authorizes a fingerprint-based criminal history record check by the county police departments of applicants for licenses to sell, offer to sell, distribute, or otherwise transfer electric guns or cartridges. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Funding For The Department Of The Attorney General Tobacco Enforcement Unit.. Description: Amends the amount of funding for the tobacco enforcement special fund administered by the Department of the Attorney General by: amending the amount of funds that the tobacco enforcement special fund can carry over at the end of the fiscal year; increasing the cigarette tax stamp fee and concurrently increasing the percentage of the cigarette tax stamp fee deposited to the tobacco enforcement special fund; and amending the amount of funds to be deposited to the credit of the tobacco enforcement special fund from the Hawaii tobacco settlement special fund. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Time Limitations.. Description: Defines the term "public servant" in section 701-108, Hawaii Revised Statutes, to clarify the scope and applicability of provisions related to the time limitations to bring prosecution based on misconduct in office. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Firearms.. Description: Prohibits firearms in certain locations and premises and provides for enhanced sentencing. Requires possession and disclosure of a license to carry. Prohibits leaving an unsecured firearm in a vehicle unattended. Prohibits consuming or being under the influence of alcohol, an intoxicating liquor, or a controlled substance when carrying a firearm. Prohibits carrying or possessing firearms on certain private property open to the public without express authorization. Requires annual reports from the Department of the Attorney General on carry licenses. Amends the requirements for, and revocation of, firearms permits and licenses. Amends the disqualification of persons from owning, possessing, or controlling a firearm. Expands the qualified immunity for health care providers who provide information on firearms applicants to include physician assistants and advanced practice registered nurses. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Government Fraud.. Description: Adds a new section to chapter 708, Hawaii Revised Statutes, to establish the class C felony offense of government fraud.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Official Misconduct.. Description: Establishes the class C felony offense of official misconduct to prohibit a person, in the person's official capacity, from acting or refraining from performing an official duty with the intent to obtain a benefit other than the person's lawful compensation, or submitting or inviting reliance on any false statement, document, or record. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Labor Data Collection.. Description: Requires employers to maintain specified records. Allows the department of business, economic development, and tourism to collect and analyze employer information and data. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Department Of Business, Economic Development, And Tourism.. Description: Makes an appropriation to authorize general funds for the Department of Business, Economic Development, and Tourism for expenses related to building renovations. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Public Employment Cost Items.. Description: Provides appropriations for collective bargaining cost items for the members of bargaining unit (4) and their excluded counterparts, including the cost of salary adjustments negotiated between the State and the bargaining unit representative for fiscal biennium 2023-2025. Effective 6/30/3000. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Hawaii Technology Development Corporation.. Description: Amends the composition of the Hawaii Technology Development Corporation Board of Directors to include the Chairperson of the Board of Regents of the University of Hawaii, unless the Chairperson, with the approval of the Board of Regents, designates another Regent to serve. Changes the cap for awards to assist businesses applying for the Small Business Innovation Research Grant Program and the Small Business Technology Transfer Grant Program of the Hawaii Technology Development Corporation to an unspecified amount. Adds purchasing of renewable energy systems as an eligible expense, and clarifies that training on both new and existing manufacturing equipment is an eligible expense, for the Manufacturing Development Grant Program of the Hawaii Technology Development Corporation. Effective 6/30/3000. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The Affordable Homeownership Revolving Fund.. Description: Clarifies that certain funds appropriated pursuant to Act 88, SLH 2021, as amended by Act 248, SLH 2022, shall be deposited into the affordable homeownership revolving fund for the purposes for which the revolving fund was established. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Sea Level Rise Adaptation.. Description: Requires the Office of Planning and Sustainable Development, in cooperation with each state agency having operational responsibilities over state facilities, to develop a standardized process to conduct vulnerability assessments for facilities at risk from sea level rise and guidance to agencies on how to conduct the vulnerability assessments for their facilities. Appropriates funds. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Land Use.. Description: Requires the Office of Planning and Sustainable Development to conduct a study to refine rural district policies and make recommendations to facilitate the reclassification of lands from the agricultural district to the rural district. Requires reports to the Legislature. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Important Agricultural Lands.. Description: Clarifies the decision-making process for the adoption by the Land use Commission of county maps for the designation of important agricultural lands. Repeals the provision for farm dwelling and employee housing on important agricultural lands and adopts a new provision for farm cluster housing to incentivize the designation of lands as important agricultural lands. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Public Employment Cost Items.. Description: Provides appropriations for collective bargaining cost items for the members of bargaining units (1) and (10) and their excluded counterparts, including the cost of salary adjustments negotiated between the State and the bargaining unit representative for fiscal biennium 2023-2025. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Public Employment Cost Items.. Description: Provides appropriations for collective bargaining cost items for the members of bargaining units (2), (3), (4), (6), (8), (9), (13), and (14) and their excluded counterparts, including the cost of salary adjustments negotiated between the State and the bargaining unit representative for fiscal biennium 2023-2025. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Counties To Study How Inclusionary Zoning Impacts Housing Supply.. Description: Requesting The Counties To Study How Inclusionary Zoning Impacts Housing Supply.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Public Employment Cost Items.. Description: Provides appropriations for collective bargaining cost items for the members of bargaining unit (5) and their excluded counterparts, including the cost of salary adjustments negotiated between the State and the bargaining unit representative for fiscal biennium 2023-2025. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Public Employment Cost Items.. Description: Provides appropriations for collective bargaining cost items for the members of bargaining unit (6) and their excluded counterparts, including the cost of salary adjustments negotiated between the State and the bargaining unit representative for fiscal biennium 2023-2025. Effective 6/30/3000. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Public Employment Cost Items.. Description: Provides appropriations for collective bargaining cost items for the members of bargaining unit (7) and their excluded counterparts, including the cost of salary adjustments negotiated between the State and the bargaining unit representative for fiscal biennium 2023-2025. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Public Employment Cost Items.. Description: Provides appropriations for collective bargaining cost items for the members of bargaining unit (8) and their excluded counterparts, including the cost of salary adjustments negotiated between the State and the bargaining unit representative for fiscal biennium 2023-2025. Effective 6/30/3000. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Public Employment Cost Items.. Description: Provides appropriations for collective bargaining cost items for the members of bargaining unit (9) and their excluded counterparts, including the cost of salary adjustments negotiated between the State and the bargaining unit representative for fiscal biennium 2023-2025. Effective 6/30/3000. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Public Employment Cost Items.. Description: Provides appropriations for collective bargaining cost items for the members of bargaining unit (10) and their excluded counterparts, including the cost of salary adjustments negotiated between the State and the bargaining unit representative for fiscal biennium 2023-2025. Effective 6/30/3000. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Public Employment Cost Items.. Description: Provides appropriations for collective bargaining cost items for the members of bargaining unit (11) and their excluded counterparts, including the cost of salary adjustments negotiated between the State and the bargaining unit representative for fiscal biennium 2023-2025. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Public Employment Cost Items.. Description: Provides appropriations for collective bargaining cost items for the members of bargaining unit (13) and their excluded counterparts, including the cost of salary adjustments negotiated between the State and the bargaining unit representative for fiscal biennium 2023-2025. Provides appropriations for public employment cost items of the Legislative Branch for fiscal biennium 2023-2025. Effective 6/30/3000. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Public Employment Cost Items.. Description: Provides appropriations for collective bargaining cost items for the members of bargaining unit (14) and their excluded counterparts, including the cost of salary adjustments negotiated between the State and the bargaining unit representative for fiscal biennium 2023-2025. Effective 6/30/3000. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Repeal Of Act 192, Session Laws Of Hawaii 2007.. Description: Repeals Act 192, Session Laws of Hawaii 2007, which requires the employees' retirement system to divest itself of investments in companies that provide support for genocide in Darfur, Sudan, and provide annual reports to the legislature on the status of divestment. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Employees' Retirement System Disability Retirement.. Description: Clarifies the employees' retirement system's eligibility requirement definitions for service-connected disability and accidental death benefits. Effective 6/30/3000. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To State Funds.. Description: Amends various general fund appropriations to help the State meet its American Rescue Plan Act maintenance of effort obligations. Effective 6/29/2023. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Payment Of Claims Of The Unclaimed Property Program.. Description: Increases from $1,300,000 to $3,000,000 the amount of moneys that may be carried over on June 30 of each fiscal year in the unclaimed property trust fund. Effective 6/29/2023. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Funding Adjustments For State Programs.. Description: Appropriates funds to various programs to cover anticipated operating shortfalls due to the limited ability of a department to transfer funds between programs of that department. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Money Transmitters Modernization Act.. Description: Enables timely, coordinated, and efficient regulation of money transmission companies to achieve financial stability and economic growth, while providing consumer protection. Allows the State to share resources, data, and technology tools with other states to create a stronger multi-state system of financial regulation. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The State Building Code Council.. Description: Adds to the state building code council a voting member representing the Hawaii emergency management agency. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Homeland Security.. Description: Establishes protections for critical infrastructure information that is received or maintained by the Office of Homeland Security for use regarding the security of critical infrastructure. Effective 6/30/3000. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Homeland Security.. Description: Formally establishes the Hawaii State Fusion Center as a program under the Office of Homeland Security to be transferred to the Department of Law Enforcement on 1/1/2024, and delineates its roles and responsibilities. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Statewide Interoperable Public Safety Communications.. Description: Amends provisions related to the Statewide Interoperable Communications Executive Committee to reflect the migration of the Office of Homeland Security from the Department of Defense to the Department of Law Enforcement on 1/1/2024. Effective 1/1/2024. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Act 278, Session Laws Of Hawaii 2022.. Description: Amends Act 278, Session Laws of Hawaii 2022, to modify the transfer of the personnel and functions of the department of the attorney general to the department of law enforcement, clarify that Act 278 does not amend or abrogate the attorney general's status as the chief legal and law enforcement officer of the State, specify that the statewide law enforcement training complex will be located at the first responder technology campus rather than the Mililani technology park, and transfer the responsibility and management of certain private security contracts from the department of law enforcement to the department of defense, department of health, and department of human services for their respective facilities. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Enhanced 911 Board.. Description: Amends chapter 138, Hawaii Revised Statutes, to add the director of the Department of Law Enforcement or the director's designee as a member of the Enhanced 911 Board.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Department Of Education.. Description: Repeals the department of education's weekly report on schools that have reported positive COVID-19 cases. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Education.. Description: Requires a minor student's parent or legal guardian, rather than the student, to produce the required student records when transferring schools. Clarifies that emancipated minors may produce the required student records when transferring schools. Clarifies that the transfer process is the same whether a transfer is within the same complex area or to another complex area. Exempts students eligible for assistance provided under the federal McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act of 1987 from producing required student records when transferring schools. Effective 1/1/2024. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Educational Health Services.. Description: Replaces the term "school health aides" with "school health assistants" to reflect recent changes to the job title. Authorizes the administration of medication to public school students by school health assistants with the approval of a health care professional within the Department of Education, the Department of Health, or a health care service pursuant to a written agreement with the Department of Education. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Education.. Description: Changes the department of education's quarterly report on autism spectrum disorder to a semiannual report. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Income Tax.. Description: Increases the applicable percentage of employment-related expenses that is used to calculate the amount of the child and dependent care tax credit. Increases the cap amount on employment-related expenses that may be used to claim the child and dependent care tax credit. Annually adjusts the threshold amount of the child and dependent care tax credit by a cost-of-living adjustment factor. Increases the amount of the refundable earned income tax credit. Increases the income thresholds and credit amounts of the refundable food/excise tax credit. Sunsets these tax credits on December 31, 2028. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Housing.. Description: Establishes the Rental Deposit Loan Program. Amends the definition of "historic property". Temporarily requires the Department of Land and Natural Resources to retain a third-party consultant, under certain circumstances, to conduct review of certain historic preservation projects. Permits, rather than requires, a county legislative body to approve a housing development project for purposes of exempting the project from all laws and rules relating to the development of housing. Appropriates funds for the establishment of the Rental Deposit Loan Program. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Adoption.. Description: Requires an adopted individual to be considered a child of both the adopted and natural parents for the sole purpose of determining familial relationships for purposes of the Hawaiian Homes Commission Act. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Fees For Marriage Licenses.. Description: Increases the marriage license fee from $60 to $100. Increases the compensation for a marriage license agent from $9 to $15 per license. Authorizes deposits of marriage license fees into the Vital Statistics Improvement Special Fund. Adjusts the distribution of the marriage license fee among various domestic violence prevention special funds. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Executive Office On Aging.. Description: Clarifies the definitions of "caregiver support services", "kupuna care services", and "respite care" for the Executive Office on Aging's Kupuna Care Program. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Water Pollution Control.. Description: Revises chapter 342D, Hawaii Revised Statutes, to add definitions that are consistent with federal Clean Water Act regulations. Clarifies the Director of Health's role as a certifying agency, including enforcement of water quality certifications, and increases certain statutory civil penalties. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Penalties For Unlicensed Care Homes.. Description: Clarifies the penalty to be assessed on any person who intentionally operates a care facility without a certificate or license. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Medical Cannabis.. Description: Authorizes the department of health to allow a patient's written certification to be valid for three years. Defines "waiting room" within a medical cannabis retail dispensing location and clarifies public access to the waiting room. Amends the rulemaking authority for dispensary-to-dispensary sales. Permits a selling dispensary to transport an amount other than eight hundred ounces of cannabis or manufactured cannabis products with prior approval of the department of health. Amends the dispensary program licensing fee structure. Adds or clarifies requirements for the dispensary program related to signage, packaging, security requirements and restrictions regarding waiting rooms, permitted types of manufactured cannabis products, supervision of certain personnel while onsite at retail dispensing locations or medical cannabis production centers, and the department of health's education and training program. Clarifies penalties for violations of the dispensary law. Makes various housekeeping amendments. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Workforce Development.. Description: Amends chapter 202, Hawaii Revised Statutes, to be consistent with the General Appropriations Act of 2021, Act 88, Session Laws of Hawaii 2021. Renames "Workforce Development Council" "Hawaii Workforce Development Board" and "county workforce development board" "local workforce development board". Requires the Hawaii Workforce Development Board and local workforce development boards to develop written conflict of interest policies consistent with federal law and regulations. Requires the Governor to select the chairperson of the state board among the private sector members set forth in section 202-1(b)(4), Hawaii Revised Statutes. Repeals the requirement in 371-21(d), Hawaii Revised Statutes, for the DLIR to submit an annual report to the legislature on the activities of the K-12 agriculture workforce development pipeline initiative. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Wage And Hour Law.. Description: Amends the definition of "employee" in Hawaii's wage and hour law by repealing the definition's categorical exclusion of any employee who receives guaranteed compensation totaling $2,000 or more a month. Effective 6/30/3000. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To A State Boating Facility Lease Pilot Program.. Description: Establishes a state boating facility lease pilot program within the department of land and natural resources. Clarifies that a private partner under lease or contract with the department may assist with development, management, and maintenance of a state small boat harbor. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Real Property Disclosures Within Shoreline Areas.. Description: Requires disclosure of all existing permitted and unpermitted erosion control structures on the parcel in real estate transactions when residential real property lies adjacent to the shoreline. Effective 11/1/2023. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The Uniform Controlled Substances Act.. Description: Updates the Uniform Controlled Substances Act by adding substances scheduled under federal law. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Conformity To The Internal Revenue Code.. Description: Conforms Hawaii income and estate and generation-skipping transfer tax laws to the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended as of 12/31/2022. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Stormwater Fees.. Description: Establishes a fee cap amount for county stormwater user fees that may be charged against or collected from the Department of Transportation of $1,500,000 in the aggregate per year. Prohibits any county from denying services to the Department of Transportation by reason of nonpayment of user fees. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Motor Vehicles Enforcement.. Description: Repeals exemption relating to the issuance of citations for violations of section 291-35, HRS, relating to vehicle gross weight, axle, and wheel loads. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Commercial Motor Vehicle Weight Limits.. Description: Makes state law consistent with federal law regarding legal limits for gross vehicle weight and axle loads traveling on all public roadways. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Commercial Motor Vehicle Fines.. Description: Amends the law relating to vehicle weight violations by replacing the fine schedule and increasing the potential fines based on multitude and magnitude of vehicle weight violations. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Commercial Driver Licensing.. Description: Meets federal requirements on fraudulent activity relating to commercial learner's permits and commercial driver's licenses. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Road Usage Charge Program.. Description: Creates a mileage-based road usage charge to replace state motor fuel taxes, beginning on 7/1/2025, for electric vehicles. Eliminates the $50 annual state vehicle registration surcharge for electric vehicles. Allows electric vehicles a choice of paying a registration surcharge or a per-mile road usage charge until 2033. Requires motor vehicle registration applications to specify the type of fuel for which the vehicle is adapted. Requires certificates of inspection to state the odometer reading. Requires the department of transportation to plan for the deployment of a state mileage-based road user charge program by 2033 and submit a report to the legislature. Appropriates funds. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The Drug And Alcohol Toxicology Testing Laboratory.. Description: Authorizes moneys in the state highway fund to be expended to maintain the drug and alcohol toxicology testing laboratory. Authorizes moneys in the drug and alcohol toxicology testing laboratory special fund to be administered and expended by the Department of Transportation or appropriated as a grant-in-aid to a qualifying county emergency services department to support the laboratory. Appropriates funds for the laboratory. Requires reports to the Legislature. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Leasehold Conversion.. Description: Excludes from taxation one hundred per cent of the gain realized by a fee simple owner from the sale of a leased fee interest in units within a condominium project, cooperative project, or planned unit development to the association of apartment owners or the residential cooperative housing corporation of the leasehold units. Applies to taxable years beginning after 12/31/2022 and does not apply to taxable years beginning after 12/31/2029. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Support For Traditional Native Speakers Of Hawaiian.. Description: Provides that, in any island with a population of five hundred or less, Hawaiian language shall be recognized as the sole indigenous language of the Hawaiian islands; public schools may offer a course in Hawaiian language; and every effort shall be made to accommodate Hawaiian speakers. Requires and appropriates funds for the state public charter school commission to study the Hawaiian language, publish resource materials for native speakers of the Hawaiian language, consult stakeholders, and submit a report to the legislature. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Incarcerated Women.. Description: Requires the McKinley Community School for Adults to work with Hawaii Friends of Restorative Justice to provide counseling services for incarcerated women participating in the education and reentry program for incarcerated women that is developed and administered by Hawaii Friends of Restorative Justice. Appropriates moneys as a chapter 42F, Hawaii Revised Statutes, grant for the University of Hawaii Windward Community College education and reentry program for incarcerated women that is developed and administered by Hawaii Friends of Restorative Justice. Authorizes the University of Hawaii Windward Community College to award grants to private entities. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Corrections.. Description: Appropriates moneys to the department of public safety to administer level I trauma-informed certification programs for adult corrections officers statewide. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Gender Parity In Programs For Incarcerated Women.. Description: Appropriates funds to the Hawaii Correctional System Oversight Commission to study all programming offered to persons incarcerated at correctional facilities and convene a group of incarcerated women for the purpose of identifying gaps in the programming offered to female inmates. Requires that the study be submitted to the Legislature by 6/30/2024. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Hawaii Correctional System Oversight Commission.. Description: Requires members of the Hawaii Correctional System Oversight Commission be subject to the advice and consent of the Senate. Extends the term of the Oversight Coordinator for the Hawaii Correctional System Oversight Commission. Requires the Commission to publish a summary of an investigation and any action taken by the Commission in response. Authorizes the Commission to hold a meeting closed to the public to discuss with the Oversight Coordinator a complaint investigated when necessary to maintain confidentiality, under certain conditions. Broadens the Oversight Coordinator's power to make inquiries, obtain information, and inspect the premises of agencies and correctional facilities. Effective 6/30/3000. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Kaneohe Bay.. Description: Prohibits commercial ocean use activity in Kaneohe Bay waters without a permit. Prohibits any person from advertising any commercial ocean use activity or equipment for such activity in Kaneohe Bay waters for which the person does not have a permit. Establishes enforcement mechanisms for the prohibitions. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Equity.. Description: Requires all places of public accommodation constructed after 12/31/23 to provide universal changing accommodations in public restrooms. Where feasible and cost effective, requires all bids for state building construction, projects submitted after 6/30/2024 to provide universal changing accommodations in public restrooms. Effective 6/30/3000. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Mental Health.. Description: Appropriates moneys to the Office of the Governor to establish 1 temporary full-time equivalent (1.0 FTE) mental health technician certificate of competence program coordinator position. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Coconut Rhinoceros Beetle Program.. Description: Appropriates funds for positions and activities related to coconut rhinoceros beetle infestation control. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Invasive Species.. Description: Appropriates funds to support the Hawaii ant lab in mitigating the effects of little fire ants in the State. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Guardianship.. Description: Part I: Amends the Uniform Probate Code to allow courts to appoint emergency guardians for respondents who reside in psychiatric facilities, hospitals, and homeless shelters. Extends the appointment period. Clarifies that guardians may consent to care, treatment, or service over the objection of wards. Sunsets 1/1/2028. Part II: Requires certain patients subject to emergency hospitalization to be assessed to determine whether a surrogate or guardian is needed to make appropriate health care decisions for the patient. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Health.. Description: Requires the Department of the Attorney General to assist with the preparation and filing of assisted community treatment petitions and related court proceedings for private petitioners, unless the petitioner declines the assistance. Authorizes the Family Court to use online hearings for assisted community treatment petitions. Requires the Department of the Attorney General to report to the Legislature prior to the Regular Sessions of 2024 and 2025 on the number of requests for assistance with petitions for assisted community treatment. Appropriates funds. Effective 6/30/2050. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Climate Change.. Description: Requires the Hawaii community development authority to consider the impacts of climate change, sea level rise, and climate-resilient development in the design and siting of buildings in the Kakaako and Kalaeloa community development districts. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Department Of Agriculture.. Description: Appropriates funds to the department of agriculture for the preparation of an environmental impact statement for lessees to drill non-potable water wells on individual parcels at Panaewa agricultural park. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To State Parks.. Description: Exempts parking lot operations at state parks and the operation of concessions at certain state parks from the bidding requirements for concessions operating on public property. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Procurement.. Description: Allows agencies to rank fewer than three persons for professional services when fewer than three qualified persons respond to the solicitation or request to use alternative procurement procedures when no qualified person responds to the solicitation. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Advancing Civic Engagement.. Description: Requires the public access room to establish and maintain an outreach and engagement program for primary, secondary, post-secondary, and community education. Requires the department of education and university of Hawaii to assign appropriate staff to coordinate with the public access room for the outreach and engagement program. Appropriates funds for one full-time equivalent (1.0 FTE) position to assist in effectuating this requirement. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Tax Credit For Research Activities.. Description: Adds a cap for the amount of tax credits for research activities that an eligible taxpayer and the taxpayer's related entities may receive per taxable year. Consolidates the survey and certification requirements for tax credits for research activities. Amends the annual aggregate cap on tax credits for research activities that the Department of Business, Economic Development, and Tourism may certify. Requires certification of the tax credits for research activities on a first-come, firstserved basis to be based on the date that a complete application is received, subject to certain conditions. Extends from December 31, 2024 to December 31, 2029, the sunset date for tax credits for research activities. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To An Economic Development District Planning Organization.. Description: Establishes the Hawaii Economic Development District Planning Organization. Designates the Hawaii Economic Development District Planning Organization as the district organization for purposes of implementing the United States Economic Development Administration-approved comprehensive economic development strategy. Establishes positions. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The Conservation And Resources Enforcement Program.. Description: Requires the Department of Land and Natural Resources to establish an unmanned aircraft systems program. Authorizes Division of Conservation and Resources Enforcement officers to use unmanned aircraft systems. Requires the Department of Land and Natural Resources to submit an annual report of the effectiveness of the unmanned aircraft systems program to the Legislature. Appropriates funds. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Noise Pollution.. Description: Establishes a private right of action for any person aggrieved by a violation of the Federal Aviation Act and existing federal laws to bring a civil action against the owner or operator of the helicopter in violation and collect damages and litigation costs. Effective 6/30/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Taxation.. Description: Establishes an employer child care tax credit for employers who provide or sponsor approved child care. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Public Education.. Description: Establishes the Public Education Scholarship Program within the University of Hawaii to provide students who are residents of the State with school tuition in return for a service commitment to teach in a public school classroom of the Department of Education or Hawaii public charter school, under certain conditions. Appropriates funds. Effective 6/30/3000. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Collective Bargaining.. Description: Specifies that exclusive representatives of public employees are not required to provide grievance representation to collective bargaining unit members who do not pay dues or dues equivalents and who decline to pay reasonable costs of the representation. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To A State Permitting Office.. Description: Requires the department of accounting and general services to establish a state permit pilot program to process building and infrastructure permits for construction of state-owned buildings, state roads and highways, and other construction on state lands. Appropriates funds. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Water Neutrality.. Description: Establishes the water neutrality task force to develop a plan for Hawaii to become water-neutral by the year 2050. Requires the task force to submit a report to the Legislature. Appropriates funds. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Medical Cannabis.. Description: Prohibits any person other than those authorized pursuant to chapter 329, part IX or chapter 329D, Hawaii Revised Statutes, from cultivating, producing, manufacturing, distributing, possessing, or dispensing cannabis for medical use. Clarifies that the definition of "distribution" within the definition of "medical use" is limited to the transfer of cannabis and cannabis paraphernalia from the qualifying patient's registered primary caregiver to the qualifying patient. Clarifies that the authorization for the medical use of cannabis does not apply to the cultivation, handling, or possession of a qualifying patient's cannabis for medical use, unless the person is the qualifying patient or the qualifying patient's registered primary caregiver. Increases the restriction on the number of qualifying patients who may use a grow site to fifty, unless an exemption is obtained by the Department of Health, and authorizes the Department of Public Safety to inspect grow sites for compliance. Establishes that a person who is not a qualifying patient, primary caregiver, qualifying out-of-state patient, or caregiver of a qualifying out-of-state patient or medical cannabis dispensary under chapter 329D, Hawaii Revised Statutes, shall not be afforded certain protections. Authorizes only a qualifying patient or their designated primary caregiver to cultivate cannabis after December 31, 2024. Repeals a provision in existing law that exempts certain qualifying patients from obtaining medical cannabis or manufactured cannabis products from authorized sources. Prohibits the mischaracterization or disguise of transactions arising out of the production, manufacture, sale, or distribution of cannabis intended for medical use as another type of compensation or expense. Clarifies that no qualifying patient, primary caregiver, qualifying out-of-state patient, or caregiver of a qualifying out-of-state patient shall use butane or any other...(see document for full description) (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Teacher Loans.. Description: Establishes a teacher loan program to encourage individuals to become teachers in hard-to-fill positions of department of education schools. Allows the loan to be forgiven after five years of teaching in a hard-to-fill position. Establishes a similar teacher loan program for public charter schools. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Criminal Property Damage.. Description: Amends the misdemeanor offense of criminal property damage in the third degree to include intentionally or knowingly damaging the property of another that is used in a business operation, without the other's consent in an amount exceeding $100. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Tourism.. Description: Requires the School of Travel Industry Management of the University of Hawaii to conduct a study that assesses the tourism social carrying capacity for each of the islands of Oahu, Maui, Hawaii, Kauai, Lanai, and Molokai. Requires the School of Travel Industry Management to consult with the Department of Health and Department of Land and Natural Resources and allows the school to consult with other entities. Appropriates funds. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Corrections.. Description: Appropriates funds for purchasing digital cameras for all adult correctional officer control rooms at state correctional facilities and body cameras for adult correctional officers to wear while on duty at state correctional facilities. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Right Of Entry For Professional Surveyors.. Description: Authorizes professional land surveyors and their assistants to enter private property to perform land surveying, subject to certain provisions. Shields land surveyors and their assistants from prosecution under criminal trespass laws when performing their duties. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Ambulances.. Description: Appropriates funds to the Department of Health to purchase of one advanced life support ambulance and related equipment to be based in central Maui, fund pay-related personnel costs for state-certified emergency medical services personnel, and increase the predictability and stability of available air ambulance services for all islands in the State. Effective 6/30/3000. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Housing.. Description: Authorizes the Hawaii Housing Finance and Development Corporation to issue bonds for housing project infrastructure and to finance the development of regional state infrastructure projects. Authorizes the issuance of general obligation bonds with the funds to be deposited into the Dwelling Unit Revolving Fund. Appropriates funds into and out of the Dwelling Unit Revolving Fund. Requires a report to the Legislature on the housing units to be generated by the infrastructure projects. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program Incentives.. Description: Appropriates funds to the Department of Agriculture for the continued administration of the Hawaii healthy food incentive program and to provide matching funds to beneficiaries who participate in the supplemental nutrition assistance program. Effective 6/30/3000. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Mamaki Tea.. Description: Imposes labeling requirements for mamaki tea grown in the State. Appropriates funds to the Department of Agriculture to administer the mamaki tea labeling requirements. Effective 7/1/3000. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Department Of Land And Natural Resources.. Description: Appropriates funds to establish homelessness coordinator positions on Maui, Oahu, Kauai, and Hawaii island within the Department of Land and Natural Resources. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Special Purpose Revenue Bonds.. Description: Authorizes the issuance of special purpose revenue bonds to assist West Maui Hospital Foundation, Inc. in the construction of West Maui Hospital and Medical Center in the county of Maui, including any necessary infrastructure. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Address Confidentiality.. Description: Changes the governmental entity responsible for the administration of the address confidentiality program from the office of the lieutenant governor to the department of the law enforcement. Authorizes the department of law enforcement to contract the services of a third party to administer certain services of the program. Appropriates funds for the address confidentiality program. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Special Purpose Digital Currency Licensure.. Description: Beginning 1/1/2024, establishes a program for the licensure, regulation, and oversight of special purpose digital currency companies. Extends operations of companies in the digital currency innovation lab under certain circumstances. Appropriates funds for three full-time equivalent (3.0 FTE) permanent examiners. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Hawaii Able Savings Program.. Description: Repeals language that gives the director of finance discretion to use moneys in the Hawaii ABLE savings program trust fund if the director elects to accept deposits from contributors instead of sending deposits directly to the ABLE program manager. Authorizes the director of finance to expend moneys in the Hawaii ABLE savings program trust fund to provide incentive payments to Hawaii public school ABLE account owners. Appropriates moneys to fund incentive payments. Establishes and appropriates moneys to fund one full-time equivalent (1.0 FTE) permanent position to provide statewide outreach, advocacy, and relationship management for the Hawaii ABLE savings program. Effective 6/30/2050. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Food Donations.. Description: Allows wild game to be donated as food. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Department Of Land And Natural Resources.. Description: Requires the department of land and natural resources to develop and implement a management system for Kaena point state park, Makua, and Keawaula regions. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Elections.. Description: Requires the office of elections and campaign spending commission to include a candidate's legal name wherever the name requested to be printed on the ballot is used, except on the ballot. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Early Intervention Services.. Description: Establishes an Early Intervention Services Working Group within the Department of Health to study and recommend ways to assist and support deaf and hard of hearing children, including implementation strategies. Requires a report to the Legislature. Appropriates funds. Effective 6/30/3000. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Mental Health.. Description: Establishes provisional or associate-level licensure requirements for marriage and family therapists, mental health counselors, and psychologists and authorizes insurance reimbursements in certain circumstances. Requires psychologist license applicants to possess a doctoral degree and complete certain supervised experience requirements before sitting for the licensing examination. Authorizes insurance reimbursements for services provided by a supervised social work intern in certain circumstances. Appropriates funds. Effective 6/30/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Cancer.. Description: Appropriates funds to the University of Hawaii Cancer Center to conduct a multiethnic cohort study focusing on the social determinants of health, lifestyles, environmental exposures, and resilience factors of Native Hawaiians, Pacific Islanders, and Filipinos. Requires the Cancer Center to seek federal funding to complete the study. Effective 6/30/3000. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Water Conservation.. Description: Appropriates moneys to the City and County of Honolulu Board of Water Supply to create a pilot program that incentivizes residential homeowners in certain dry areas to replace landscaping and irrigation with alternatives that reduce water use. Requires report to the Legislature. Effective 6/30/3000. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Traffic Code.. Description: Allows operators of bicycles, motorcycles, and mopeds to proceed through an intersection on a steady red signal during certain hours if the traffic signal is controlled by a vehicle detection device that is inoperative due to the size or composition of the bicycle, motorcycle, or moped. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Environment.. Description: Establishes the Hawaii Zero Waste Initiative to, among other things, manage the State's transition to a zero solid waste economy. Establishes the Packaging Waste Advisory Council. Allows the establishment of a nonprofit producer responsibility organization. Requires the Department of Health to develop an assessment of statewide needs to determine the resources required to reduce packaging waste by seventy per cent from the baseline amount by 2035 and develop a program proposal and draft legislation to establish a producer-funded Packaging Reduction, Reuse, and Recycling Program. Appropriates funds. Effective 6/30/3000. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Tax Credits.. Description: Establishes a state income tax credit for qualified expenses incurred by certain individuals employed by the Department of Education, Hawaii state public library system, or as part of a head start program in a school. Effective 6/30/3000. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Education.. Description: Requires the Department of Education to work with certain organizations to develop and implement an active shooter training program in all public and charter schools. Allows public and charter school students to decline to participate in active shooter training. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To School Bus Services.. Description: Appropriates funds to the Department of Education for school bus services. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Criminal Justice Reform.. Description: Part I: Expands the authorized issuance of citations in lieu of arrests. Authorizes a grace period after a missed initial court appearance. Part II: Amends various provisions related to pretrial release. Part III: Allows the court to order substance abuse assessment and treatment. Prohibits the arrest of a parolee, or the revocation of parole, solely due to the defendant having one positive test for drug use. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Mental Health.. Description: Requires the Director of Health to establish a Temporary Breakthrough Therapy Designation Advisory Council within 3 months of certain breakthrough therapy designation approvals by the United States Food and Drug Administration. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Anger Management.. Description: Requires certain criminal offenders to be ordered by a court to complete an assessment and either a domestic violence intervention or anger management course as part of their sentence. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Labeling Of Macadamia Nuts.. Description: Clarifies labeling requirements for macadamia nuts. Requires country of origin to be included on the principal display panel of a consumer package of raw or processed macadamia nuts. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Food Safety.. Description: Appropriates funds to the Department of Agriculture to establish and implement a GroupGAP food safety training and certification program. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Medicaid Patient Care.. Description: Appropriates funds to provide enhanced payments for coronavirus disease 2019-related costs and lost revenues to adult residential care homes and developmental disabilities domiciliary homes that are caring for residents who receive Medicaid benefits, under certain conditions. Effective 6/30/3000. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Care Homes.. Description: Beginning on 7/1/2023, requires that the state supplemental payment for type 1 adult residential care homes, licensed developmental disabilities domiciliary homes, community care foster family homes, and certified adult foster homes not exceed $767. Beginning on 7/1/2023, requires that the state supplemental payment for type II adult residential care homes not exceed $875. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Hemp.. Description: Repeals redundant regulations on hemp production to reduce costs for the State and Hawaii farmers. Amends the hemp law in a manner that recognizes the unique constraints of Hawaii farmers, while protecting human health. Allows licensed hemp producers to sell hemp biomass. Requires transparency in labeling of hemp products to identify the percentage of Hawaiigrown hemp or hemp from outside the State in all hemp products. Establishes the Hawaii Hemp Task Force. Requires and appropriates funds for the Department of Agriculture to hire a hemp consultant to recommend infrastructure improvements on each island. Requires and appropriates moneys for the Department of Health to hire or consult a toxicologist or consultant familiar with hemp industry standards for the purpose of setting defined action limits or exposure levels for different types of hemp products. Extends the State's hemp processor law through 7/1/2027. Repeals on 7/1/2027. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Pass-through Entity Taxation.. Description: Authorizes certain entities to elect to pay Hawaii income tax at the entity level through pass-through entities. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Taxation.. Description: Extends the period within which a county may adopt a surcharge on state tax, under certain conditions, from 3/31/2019 to 12/31/2023. Authorizes, in certain instances, the use of county surcharge revenues for housing infrastructure in counties having a population of 500,000 or less. Temporarily authorizes counties that have previously adopted a surcharge on state tax to amend the uses of the surcharge. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Homelessness.. Description: Requires the department of human services to establish a three-year return-to-home pilot program to provide eligible homeless individuals with assistance in being reunited with family and relatives in their home state. Sunsets 1/1/2026. Appropriates funds. (CD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Hospital Sustainability Program.. Description: Makes various updates to the hospital sustainability program, including amending the definition of "private hospital"; clarifying the uses of the hospital sustainability program special fund; increasing various hospital sustainability fee caps; requiring DHS to consult and negotiate with the hospital trade association regarding fee participation and rates; clarifying when the hospital sustainability fee shall be discontinued and the distribution of remaining funds; repealing the sunset dates of Act 217, SLH 2012, and Act 123, SLH 2014, to make the program permanent and permanently exempting the program from the central service and administrative expenses assessments; and appropriating funds out of the special fund. Effective 06/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Nursing Facilities.. Description: Repeals the sunset dates of Act 156, SLH 2012, and Act 124, SLH 2014, to make the nursing facility sustainability program permanent and permanently exempt the nursing sustainability program special fund from the central service and administrative expenses assessments. Makes various amendments to the nursing facility sustainability program and nursing facility sustainability special fund. Repeals the nursing facility tax. Appropriates funds out of the nursing facility sustainability program special fund. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Sand Island State Recreation Area.. Description: Appropriates funds to the department of land and natural resources to prepare a master plan for the Sand Island state recreation area. Effective 6/30/3000. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Workforce Development.. Description: Beginning 1/1/2024, requires the Department of Business, Economic Development, and Tourism to administer a Workforce Development Incentive Rebate Program that incentivizes local independent film and television productions. Establishes a new Film Studio Tax Credit. Amends the administration of the Motion Picture, Digital Media, and Film Production Income Tax Credit by increasing the tax credit cap from $50,000,000 to $75,000,000 for calendar year 2024 and eliminating the ability for credits exceeding the tax cap to be allowed to be claimed after December 31, 2024. Appropriates funds. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Tourism.. Description: Establishes an Office of Tourism and Destination Management within the Department of Business, Economic Development, and Tourism that encompasses regenerative tourism and best practice destination management. Transfers the functions, duties, appropriations, and positions of the Hawaii Tourism Authority to the Office of Tourism and Destination Management. Requires the Office of Tourism and Destination Management to implement certain county destination management action plans. Dissolves the Hawaii Tourism Authority and the Board of Directors for the Hawaii Tourism Authority. Appropriates funds. (SD3)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Meat Donation.. Description: Provides for donation of wild game to under-resourced communities. Establishes a task force for development and implementation to expand meat processing capacity in the State. Task force sunsets 6/30/2025. Appropriates funds. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Agriculture.. Description: Establishes a task force to identify the top ten fruits or vegetables that are imported into the State but may be commercially grown in the State. Creates an income tax credit to incentivize the production of those fruits or vegetables to obviate the need to import them into the State. Effective 6/30/3000. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Manufacturing.. Description: Creates an income tax credit to incentivize the food manufacturing industry in the State. Effective 6/30/3000. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Public Lands.. Description: Part I: Clarifies that the Board of Land and Natural Resources shall not unilaterally amend the terms and conditions of any lease of public lands being extended pursuant to Act 149, Session Laws of Hawaii 2018, except as otherwise provided therein; and if the Board of Land and Natural Resources wishes to amend the terms and conditions of any lease of public lands being extended to reflect the Board's most current lease form and leasing practices and policies, such lease form and leasing practices and policies must be included in the rules of the Board. Defines "lease of public lands". Part II: Establishes a temporary public land trust working group within the Office of the Governor for administrative purposes only. Provides that the working group's sole purpose shall be to compile a definitive inventory of public land trust lands. Authorizes the working group to hire staff. Part III: Appropriates moneys to the Office of Hawaiian Affairs to be used for making repairs to bulkheads and revetments located in certain parcels conveyed to the Office. PART IV: Requires and appropriates moneys for the Office of Hawaiian Affairs to conduct a programmatic environmental impact statement for any development projects within the Kakaako Makai area of the public land trust. Part V: Appropriates moneys to the Office of Hawaiian Affairs for certain construction costs for the development of Kukaniloko.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Department Of Land And Natural Resources.. Description: Appropriates funds to the Department of Land and Natural Resources for operating costs and personnel to manage certain trailheads as part of the Na Ala Hele trail and access program. Effective 6/30/3000. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Housing.. Description: Appropriates funds to the Hawaii Public Housing Authority for the planning and design for new housing units at the Kapaa public housing project site in Kapaa, Kauai. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Cesspools.. Description: Part I: Establishes and appropriates funds for a county cesspool pilot program in the Department of Health to work with each county to identify a priority area to expand the county sewage system or other centralized treatment system to connect individual properties in the priority area and reduce or eliminate cesspools in the identified area. Part II: Creates a cesspool conversion section in the Department of Health to facilitate the conversion of cesspools within the State. Establishes and appropriates funds for positions. Part III: Requires the Department of Health to retain qualified consultants to identify necessary public outreach and education resources and tools, and develop a comprehensive public outreach strategy and educate homeowners regarding the State's cesspool upgrade, conversion, and connection requirements and deadlines. Part IV: Establishes, for all taxable years after December 31, 2023, an income tax credit for the cost of upgrading or converting a qualified cesspool to a Director of Health-approved wastewater system or connecting to a sewerage system. Requires that, effective 11/1/23, certain information regarding cesspools on real property be included in seller mandatory disclosures for real property transactions. Effective 6/30/3000. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Supportive Housing.. Description: Establishes a supportive housing pilot program in the Statewide Office on Homelessness and Housing Solutions. Appropriates funds. Declares that appropriations exceed general fund expenditure ceiling. Effective 7/1/2023. Sunsets 6/30/2025. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Collective Bargaining.. Description: Allows telecommunications and emergency dispatchers and employees who perform similar functions employed by the State and counties to collectively bargain. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Natural Resources.. Description: Requires the commission on water resource management and division of aquatic resources of the department of land and natural resources, in partnership with the University of Hawaii and department of health, to conduct research on limu to understand the impacts of groundwater use on groundwater-dependent ecosystems. Requires a joint report to legislature. Appropriates funds. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Environmental Protection.. Description: Requires the Department of Transportation to conduct a two-year study on the maximized use of recycled asphalt across the State. Requires a report to the Legislature. Effective 6/30/3000. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Digital Equity.. Description: Establishes the digital equity grant program to award grants to applicants to deploy digital equity projects to covered populations in the State. Appropriates funds. Effective 6/30/3000. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Employee Benefits.. Description: Extends under certain conditions, the family leave period for up to eight weeks for employees who are unable to perform their employment duties due to the birth of a child who is required to stay in a neonatal intensive care unit. Requires the Civil Rights Commission to amend its rules to include neonatal care as a related medical condition wherever the phrase "pregnancy, childbirth, or other related condition" or any similar phrase is used. Effective 6/30/2032. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Libraries.. Description: Prohibits any contract or license agreement between a publisher and library in the State from precluding, limiting, or otherwise restricting the library from performing customary operational and lending functions; restricting the library from disclosing any terms of its license agreements to other libraries; and requiring, coercing, or enabling a library to violate rules regarding confidentially of a patron's library records. Deems contracts that contain prohibited provisions an unfair or deceptive act or practice and void and unenforceable. Prohibits libraries from copying or printing purchased electronic literary material. Exempts existing contracts that provide libraries with electronic literary products from vendors and aggregators. Effective 6/30/3000. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Energy.. Description: Requires the Public Utilities Commission to design and administer an Electric Vehicle Charging System Loan Program to provide loans to certain applicants who install eligible electric vehicle charging systems. Appropriates funds. Effective 6/30/3000. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Value-added Products.. Description: Establishes a food and product innovation network within the Agribusiness Development Corporation. Appropriates funds for food and product innovation facilities on the islands of Molokai, Oahu, and Hawaii. Effective 6/30/3000. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The University Of Hawaii At Hilo.. Description: Establishes the institute of indigenous education, science, and outreach within the University of Hawaii at Hilo. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Eviction Mediation.. Description: Beginning 11/1/2023, establishes a pre-litigation mediation pilot program that extends the period for a notice of termination of the rental agreement from 5 business days to 10 calendar days, requires landlords to participate in mediation before filing an action for summary possession, and requires landlords to provide specific information in the 10-calendar-day notice to tenants and a mediation center that offers free mediation for residential landlord-tenant disputes. Appropriates funds for a pre-litigation mediation pilot program. Creates and appropriates funds for an emergency rent relief program. Repeals on 11/1/2025. Effective 6/30/3000. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Rehabilitation.. Description: Amends the Criminal Justice Diversion Program including allowing examination of defendants via telehealth. Requires the Judiciary, in consultation with other stakeholders, to submit monthly and annual reports to the Legislature on the effectiveness of agreements for post-booking jail diversion programs for district and circuit court in the first circuit. Amends the allowable period of court-ordered assisted community treatment and considerations for extensions. Allows courts to require certain probation violators to undergo mental health evaluation and treatment as a condition of continued probation. Requires the Department of Health to contract with behavioral health crisis centers and to establish a statewide Hawaii Urgency Response Center. Restores funding for probation officer services for the mental health court. Effective 7/1/3023. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Liquor Licenses.. Description: Increases the liquor manufacturing limits for Class 18 small craft producer pub license holders. Effective 6/30/3000. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Kupuna Care Program.. Description: Appropriates funds to the Department of Health for the Kupuna Care Program within the Executive Office on Aging. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Evidence.. Description: Limits compelled disclosure of sources or unpublished information for journalists, newscasters, and persons participating in collection or dissemination of news or information of substantial public interest. Establishes exceptions. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Hawaii Employer-union Health Benefits Trust Fund.. Description: Encourages the EUTF to consider investment opportunities in industries that will sustain Hawaii's natural environment or produce economic opportunities for its residents, including renewable energy businesses and businesses that use investment capital to acquire the infrastructure and services needed to become energy sustainable. Appropriates funds to the EUTF. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Employees' Retirement System Of The State Of Hawaii.. Description: Encourages the employees' retirement system, in evaluating venture capital investments, to consider opportunities in industries that will sustain Hawaii's natural environment or produce economic opportunities for its residents, including renewable energy businesses and businesses that use the investment capital to acquire the infrastructure and services needed to become energy sustainable. If the employees' retirement system board of trustees determines that it is not prudent to invest in any Hawaii venture capital meeting this description, requires the board to report the rationale for the decision in its annual report to the legislature. Appropriates funds. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Native Hawaiian Affairs.. Description: Appropriates funds to certain departments to improve Native Hawaiian communities and cultural practice and preservation through various assistance services. Effective 6/30/3000. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Common-interest Developments.. Description: Establishes a Planned Community Association Oversight Task Force to examine the rights afforded to owners in condominium property regimes and determine the feasibility of extending any of those rights to members of planned community associations. Establishes a Condominium Property Regime Task Force to examine and evaluate issues regarding condominium property regimes and conduct an assessment of the alternative dispute resolution systems that have been established by the Legislature. Requires interim and final reports to the Legislature. Task forces sunset 6/30/2025. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Water Resources.. Description: Appropriates funds as a grant-in-aid to the City and County of Honolulu Board of Water Supply to plan, design, and construct, after consultation with the Department of Health and the Commission on Water Resource Management, 7 monitoring wells and an exploratory well. Requires the City and County of Honolulu to provide matching funds. Effective 6/30/3000. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Making Appropriations To Provide For The Expenses Of The Legislature, The Auditor, The Legislative Reference Bureau, The Ombudsman, And The Ethics Commission.. Description: Appropriates funds to provide for the expenses of the Legislature, Auditor, Legislative Reference Bureau, Ombudsman, and Ethics Commission. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Health Care.. Description: Allows licensed physician assistants to perform certain abortions. Repeals the requirement that abortions be performed at certain locations. Clarifies that the State shall not deny or interfere with a pregnant person's right to choose to (1) obtain an abortion or (2) if necessary to protect the life or health of the patient terminate the pregnancy. Defines "abortion" and "nonviable fetus". Prohibits a covered entity from disclosing information relating to reproductive health care services. Prohibits the issuance of a subpoena in connection with an out-of-state or interstate proceeding relating to reproductive health care services legally performed in the State. Prohibits agencies from providing information or expending resources in the furtherance of out-of-state or interstate investigations or proceedings relating to reproductive health care services. Prohibits the State from taking adverse action based on pregnancy outcomes or for aiding or assisting a pregnant individual with accessing reproductive health care services. Requires the Governor to deny any demand for surrender of a person charged with a crime involving reproductive health care services unless the conduct constitutes a crime in the State or is made under Article IV, section 2, of the U.S. Constitution. Enumerates laws contrary to public policy and prohibits their application. Prohibits the issuance of a summons for persons to testify in another state with regard to lawful reproductive health care services. Clarifies under various licensing statutes that the provision or assistance in receipt or provision of certain services related to the human reproductive system cannot form a basis for disciplinary action. Prohibits the enforcement of a judgment or order arising from a foreign penal civil action or other penal law with respect to reproductive health care services. Amends the definition of "medical care and services" so that a minor may...(see document for full description) (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The School Facilities Authority.. Description: Makes necessary amendments to clarify certain references to the School Facilities Authority used in section 302A-1151.1, Hawaii Revised Statutes. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Boards Of Registration.. Description: Requires members of each board of registration be a registered voter in the respective county of the board to which the member is appointed and remain a registered voter in that county for their term of office. Establishes methods for determining and verifying a board member's political party membership. Takes effect 1/1/2024. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Hawaiian As An Official Language Of The State Of Hawaii.. Description: Requires that the Hawaiian version of a law be held binding if the law in question was originally drafted in Hawaiian and then translated into English and if the law has not been subsequently amended, codified, recodified, or reenacted in English. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Audible Vehicle Reverse Warning Systems.. Description: Requires the use of broadband audible reverse warning systems (back-up beepers) on state and county-owned vehicles purchased on or after 1/1/2026. Authorizes the Director of Transportation to provide an exemption in the event broadband sirens are unavailable. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Corporations.. Description: Requires domestic and foreign corporations to provide their shareholders with reports of independent expenditures and political contributions. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Cast Ballots.. Description: Guarantees the vote of eligible voters who cast their ballot and then subsequently die or otherwise become ineligible before election day. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Bed Bugs.. Description: Prohibits landlords, including those operating in public housing and educational dorm settings, from renting a dwelling unit that the landlord knows has a current bed bug infestation. Establishes procedures that landlords shall take upon receiving notice of an actual or suspected bed bug infestation. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Landlord-tenant Code.. Description: Prohibits a landlord from recovering possession of a dwelling unit from a tenant if the habitability of the premises is significantly impaired. Caps a tenant's liability for rent if the habitability of the premises is significantly impaired. Provides remedies for retaliatory evictions. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Civil Legal Services.. Description: Appropriates funds for the Judiciary to purchase civil legal services for low- and moderate-income persons. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The Initiation Of Felony Prosecutions.. Description: Specifies that a person may be tried and sentenced for certain alleged felony offenses through the complaint and preliminary hearing process, indictment by grand jury, or by written information. Specifies that multiple attempts to initiate a felony prosecution for the same offense, either through the same initial charging method or an alternative method, or in different forums, shall not be permitted, except in certain circumstances.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Discrimination.. Description: Establishes provisions relating to civil remedies for discriminatory reporting to a law enforcement officer. Provides that a person who contacts a law enforcement officer to come to a location to contact a person on the basis of the person's actual or perceived race, color, ancestry, ethnicity, national origin, place of birth, sex, age, religion, disability, sexual orientation, or gender identity with the specific intent to infringe upon the person's rights under the Hawaii State Constitution or United State Constitution; discriminate against the person; cause the person to feel harassed, humiliated, or embarrassed; cause the person to be expelled from a place that the person is lawfully located; damage the person's reputation or standing within the community; or damage the person's financial, economic, consumer, or business prospects or interest shall be civilly liable. Requires the Department of the Attorney General, in consultation with the Hawaii Civil Rights Commission, to provide guidance to the public on the enactment of this Act. Effective January 1, 2024, requires the Department of Law Enforcement to also provide guidance on this Act. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Judiciary's `lelo Hawai`i Initiatives.. Description: Appropriates funds to the judiciary to support the Olelo Hawaii Initiatives. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To State Water Code Penalties.. Description: Creates a minimum penalty and raises the maximum penalty for every violation of the State Water Code. Clarifies that each day a violation exists or continues is a separate offense. Requires the Commission on Water Resource Management to determine the amount of the penalty based on the circumstances of the violation. Appropriates funds for positions in the Commission on Water Resource Management. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD3)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Minors.. Description: Allows minors sixteen years of age or older and emancipated minors to petition for domestic abuse protective orders. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Arrangement Of Candidate Names On Ballots.. Description: Requires that any new contract entered into by the Office of Elections for equipment or services relating to preparing ballots or counting votes include the capability to randomize the names of candidates appearing on the ballot if technologically possible. Requires candidate names to be randomized on ballots, to the greatest extent possible. Requires the Office of Elections to inform voters and candidates, by a method suited for the voting system, that the names of candidates may not be in alphabetical order. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Campaign Finance.. Description: Increases the amount of fines that may be assessed against noncandidate committees for violations of organizational report and advertisement disclosure requirements. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Gasoline-powered Leaf Blowers.. Description: Prohibits the operation of gasoline-powered leaf blowers in any urban land use districts. Increases the amounts of fines for violations of leaf blower restrictions and provides for the forfeiture of gasoline-powered leaf blowers upon a third violation. Removes the exemption on leaf blower restrictions for government agencies and their agents. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Tax Credits.. Description: Increases the income thresholds and credit amounts of the income tax credit for low-income household renters by using tax brackets for individuals and different categories of households. Annually adjusts the income thresholds and credit amounts for inflation, based on the consumer price index. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Medical Education And Training.. Description: Reestablishes the Hawaii medical education special fund. Appropriates funds into and out of the Hawaii medical education special fund to the John A. Burns School of Medicine for graduate medical education and training programs, to create more residencies and training opportunities on the neighbor islands for medical students, and for medical student and residency training opportunities in partnership with the United States Department of Veterans Affairs. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Nurses.. Description: Authorizes the board of nursing to issue temporary permits for six-month periods to out-of-state licensed practical nurses and registered nurses or who hold a multistate license issued by another state, territory, or foreign country, under certain circumstances. Provides an exception from licensing requirements to nurses who are licensed in another state, territory, or foreign country and accompanying a patient from out-of-state for a period of less than two weeks and who are not employed or affiliated with a health care entity in the State. Appropriates funds. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD3)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Medicare Supplement Insurance.. Description: Requires the insurance commissioner to establish an annual enrollment period for medigap insurance plans. Requires issuers of Medigap insurance in the State to accept an eligible individual's application for coverage during the open enrollment period. Prohibits issuers from denying the applicant a Medigap policy or certificate or making any premium rate distinctions due to various reasons, including health status. Requires the insurance commissioner to amend or adopt rules accordingly. Effective 12/31/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Commercial Activities On Beaches.. Description: Prohibits commercial vendors from presetting commercial beach equipment on certain beaches under the jurisdiction of the Department of Land and Natural Resources, unless the customer is physically present. Requires commercial vendors to expeditiously remove commercial beach equipment after the customer has finished using it. Allows the Department of Land and Natural Resources to grant exemptions through rules. Establishes administrative fines for violations. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Conservation And Resources Enforcement Program.. Description: Requires the Department of Land and Natural Resources to pursue and obtain accreditation for the Conservation and Resources Enforcement Program from the Commission on Accreditation for Law Enforcement Agencies, Inc. Appropriates funds. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Renewable Energy.. Description: For applications filed on or after July 1, 2023, requires the Public Utilities Commission to render decisions on certain renewable projects, power purchase agreements, and cost recovery applications within one hundred eighty days of the filing of the application and establishes procedures and requirements for the applications. Exempts certain power purchase agreement amendments from the Public Utilities Commission review and approval process in certain circumstances. Requires a public utility requesting an amendment to a power purchase agreement to submit an informational filing to the Public Utilities Commission. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Agricultural Park Leases.. Description: Allows the Department of Agriculture to extend the agricultural park lease of any lessee who holds a lease with a remaining term of 15 years or less; provided that the land covered by the lease is 25 acres or less and located in a county with a population of less than 500,000. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Special Management Areas.. Description: Establishes additional exclusions from the definition of "development" as it applies to special management areas to reduce the need for special management area permits for certain activities. Repeals the 7,500 square foot threshold for single-family residence and authorizes the counties to further define single-family residence by ordinance for purposes of "development". Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Historic Preservation.. Description: Appropriates funds to the Department of Land and Natural Resources to inventory historic properties and burial sites in the State, collect data on burial site locations, and conduct an archaeological surface survey. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Transfer Of Non-agricultural Park Lands.. Description: Before the transfer of non-agricultural park lands, authorizes the Department of Agriculture to request information from the Department of Land and Natural Resources related to the establishment of necessary and reasonable easements upon the lands. Amends legislative findings regarding non-agricultural park lands. Requires the Department of Agriculture to accept the transfer of and manage certain qualifying non-agricultural park lands. Requires the Department of Agriculture, prior to offering a lease, to inquire with the Department of Land and Natural Resources regarding any easements required for access to landlocked forest reserves or other assets on the lands subject to the lease. Continue to require the lessee to maintain a conservation plan. Requires approval from the Board of Land and Natural Resources and the Board of Agriculture before removing pasture lands for reforestation, or other public purposes. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Natural Resource Management.. Description: Clarifies that the Board of Land and Natural Resources' authority shall supersede the Mauna Kea Stewardship and Oversight Authority for all lands designated under the state conservation district. Specifying that the Chairperson of the University of Hawaii Board of Regents, with approval of the Board of Regents subject to quorum and majority requirements, may designate a member of the Board of Regents or past member of the Board of Regents with experience with Mauna Kea, to serve as the Chairperson of the University of Hawaii Board of Regents' Designee. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Food Sustainability.. Description: Requires the Department of Agriculture, in coordination with the Office of Planning and Sustainable Development, to update the State Agriculture Functional Plan to include other agricultural economic updates that expand the State's priority on food by increasing local food self-sufficiency and exports. Requires the Governor to submit the updated plan to the Legislature prior to the Regular Session of 2025. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Marine Management Areas.. Description: Requires the Department of Land and Natural Resources to comply with Chapter 91, Hawaii Revised Statutes, when designating marine management areas. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Reuse Zones.. Description: Requires county agencies producing recycled water to establish water reuse zones within their service areas by January 1, 2024. Appropriates funds. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Special Activity Permits.. Description: Requires the Department of Land and Natural Resources to approve or deny an application for a special activity permit for aquatic research within ninety days from the date that it was submitted. Appropriates an unspecified amount of funds for the establishment of two full-time equivalent (2.0 FTE) positions within the Division of Aquatic Resources to support the special activity permit review process. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Wildlife Management.. Description: Requires the Department of Land and Natural Resources' Division of Aquatic Resources to submit an annual report to the Legislature, beginning in 2025, summarizing the Division's expenditure of funds received from the federal Wildlife and Sport Fish Restoration program for the preceding year and providing the recipient and purpose of each expenditure. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Meat And Poultry Inspection.. Description: Requires the Department of Agriculture to establish, implement, and administer a meat and poultry inspection program. Appropriates funds for the establishment, implementation, and administration of the program. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Education.. Description: Authorizes the Department of Health to require the Department of Education to report coronavirus disease 2019 potential outbreaks or other public health emergencies and related information in a manner most appropriate to public health and safety, as determined by the Department of Health. Repeals the requirement to publish the report on the Department of Education's website. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Board Of Education.. Description: Authorizes a majority of the members of the Board of Education to elect a chairperson from among the members of the Board. Allows the members to annually elect a chairperson upon the start of the next confirmed term for members. Removes the requirement that the chairperson be an at-large member. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Gender-neutral Terminology.. Description: Replaces gender-specific terminology used in certain parental and marital matters with gender-neutral terminology. Takes effect 1/1/2024. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Gender-neutral Terminology.. Description: Requires gender-specific terminology used in adoption and annulment, divorce, and separation matters to be construed in a gender-neutral manner. Takes effect 1/1/2024. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Labeling Of Products.. Description: Clarifies that calculations to determine whether a non-perishable good labeled "Hawaii Made" has met the requirement that at least 51% of the wholesale value of the product is added by production within the State include operating and overhead expenses incurred and spent within the State. Appropriates funds to promote and develop the "Made in Hawaii" brand. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Special Number Plates.. Description: Authorizes the issuance of special number plates to commemorate Duke Kahanamoku. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Minors.. Description: Requires providers of no cost emergency shelter and related services to take steps to ensure pertinent youth obtain and receive services from the juvenile justice or child welfare systems and maintain separation for unrelated adults and minor children. Makes permanent the amendments to the definition of "provider" as it relates to entities eligible to provide no cost emergency shelter and related services to consenting minors. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Uniform Child-custody Jurisdiction And Enforcement Act.. Description: Allows state courts discretion to not enforce a child-custody determination of a foreign country if the child-custody law of the foreign country imposes capital punishment for apostasy, religious or political beliefs, or homosexuality, and a parent or child demonstrates risk of being subject to the law. Defines "apostasy". Takes effect 03/22/2075. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Important Housing Lands.. Description: Requires the Hawaii Public Housing Authority to conduct a study identifying certain state-owned lands located within a one-half mile radius of any rail mass transit station, including lands owned by the Office of Hawaiian Affairs and excluding lands under the jurisdiction of the Department of Hawaiian Home Lands, that are most suitable for constructing at least one hundred thousand housing units. Appropriates funds to the Hawaii Public Housing Authority to conduct the study, or contract services to conduct the study. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Elections.. Description: Updates rules for certification of electors and their votes to be in full compliance with federal law. Provides procedures for the replacement of electors. Requires presidential electors to take a pledge that they will vote for their party's nominee. Invalidates the vote of any faithless elector. Removes any faithless elector from the position of elector. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Law Enforcement Reform.. Description: Requires any department or agency employing law enforcement officers to maintain publicly available policies on minimum standards on the use of force. Allows use of force policies and training to be introduced as evidence in proceedings. Requires law enforcement officers to report the use of excessive force by another law enforcement officer. Requires that law enforcement officers receive training designed to minimize the use of excessive force. Effective 1/1/2024. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Education.. Description: Requires the Department of Education to develop and implement a School Meal Subsidy Program to provide school lunch subsidies to children whose families do not otherwise qualify for free lunch under the federal Free and Reduced Price Lunch Program, subject to income eligibility. Appropriates funds. Effective 3/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The University Of Hawaii.. Description: Appropriates funds for the University of Hawaii Maui college's office of international and regional partnerships for students to participate in study abroad programs. Requires reports to the Legislature. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Board Of Education.. Description: Requires the Board of Education to hold no less than six community forums annually, with at least one community forum in each county. Requires the Board to include an open forum for public comments on non-agenda items. Requires a report to the Legislature on implementing open forums. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Deceptive Trade Practices.. Description: Establishes that charging shipping and delivery charges that exceed the actual cost charged to the seller to ship or deliver a consumer commodity or consumer package to a consumer in Hawaii constitutes an unfair and deceptive practice. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Use Of Intoxicants While Operating A Vehicle.. Description: Lowers the threshold blood alcohol concentration for the offense of operating a vehicle while under the influence of an intoxicant.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Dentistry Licenses.. Description: Adds community health centers, rural health clinics, and mobile dental outreach programs to the list of eligible organizations at which persons with community service licenses may practice. Allows dental hygiene and dental college graduates who have graduated from educational programs that have a reciprocal agreement with the American Dental Association Commission on Dental Accreditation to apply for temporary or community service licenses. Expands eligibility for a community service license to practice dentistry to those candidates who have passed the Integrated National Board Dental Examination within five years of the date of request. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Health.. Description: Appropriates funds to be expended by the Executive Office on Aging for an Alzheimer's Disease and Related Dementias Public Health Campaign. Effective 12/31/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Loan Repayment For Health Care Professionals.. Description: Appropriates funds to the Department of Health for the Hawaii State Loan Repayment Program for health care professionals. Requires funds to be expended in coordination with the John A. Burns School of Medicine of the University of Hawaii at Manoa. Requires matching funds. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Advisory Committees.. Description: Renames the statewide and county-level voters with special needs advisory committees to elections accessibility needs advisory committees. Recognizes that voting accessibility needs may arise from disabilities other than those of a physical nature.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Disclosures Of Financial Interests.. Description: Amends the filing deadline for disclosures of financial interests by certain candidates. Amends the penalty for the unauthorized release of confidential financial disclosure information. Amends the fines imposed and procedures relating to disclosures of financial interests. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The State Fire Council.. Description: Adds to the membership of the State Fire Council, and to the membership of advisory committees that the Council may appoint, representatives from the Hawaii State Aircraft Rescue Fire Fighting Unit and the Division of Forestry and Wildlife of the Department of Land and Natural Resources to reflect all nonfederal fire fighting agencies in the State. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Violations Of Campaign Finance Law.. Description: Increases the amount of fines for campaign spending law violations that may be assessed against certain noncandidate committees making only independent expenditures. Allows the Campaign Spending Commission to order that the payment of the fine assessed against a noncandidate committee, or any portion thereof, be paid from the personal funds of the officers of the noncandidate committee, if the noncandidate committee does not have the funds to pay the fine. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Contributions By State And County Contractors And Grantees Of The State.. Description: Amends the prohibition against contributions to a candidate committee or noncandidate committee by state and county contractors to include state and county grantees and the owners, officers, and immediate family members of a state or county contractor or state or county grantee. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Complaints Alleging Violations Of Campaign Spending Laws.. Description: Allows the Campaign Spending Commission to treat a respondent's failure to explain or otherwise respond to a complaint alleging a violation of campaign spending laws as a rebuttable presumption that a violation has occurred. Provides the respondent with thirty days from the mailing of the complaint to explain or otherwise respond before the rebuttable presumption takes effect. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Criminal Justice Data Sharing.. Description: Establishes a Criminal Justice Data Sharing Working Group to make recommendations for a statewide criminal justice data repository. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The Employees' Retirement System.. Description: Ensures that employment, work, and pay eligibility for the purpose of calculating retirement benefits includes retroactive reinstatement, retroactive rescission of suspension, and retroactive payments that are restored to an employee as part of a judicial, administrative, or arbitral proceeding, or pursuant to a settlement of claims. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Public Transit.. Description: Establishes the offense of interference with the operation of a public transit vehicle. Makes clarifying and conforming amendments to the offense of interference with the operator of a public transit vehicle. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Making An Appropriation To The Department Of The Prosecuting Attorney Of The City And County Of Honolulu.. Description: Appropriates funds as a grant-in-aid to the Department of the Prosecuting Attorney of the City and County of Honolulu for the Victim Witness Assistance Program. Effective 06/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Making An Appropriation To The Department Of The Prosecuting Attorney Of The City And County Of Honolulu.. Description: Appropriates funds as a grant-in-aid to the department of the prosecuting attorney of the city and county of Honolulu for the career criminal prosecution unit. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Noise Control.. Description: Allows for noise control infractions to be processed under the traffic and emergency period infractions adjudication process. Grants the district court concurrent jurisdiction over noise control infractions committed by minors. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Fraud.. Description: Establishes the offense of fraud as a class B felony. Establishes the offense of making a false, fictitious, or fraudulent claim against the State or a county as a class C felony. Establishes the offense of the use of false statements or entries in matters within the jurisdiction of the executive, legislative, or judicial branches of the State as a class C felony. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Human Trafficking.. Description: Establishes a statewide human trafficking prevention program overseen by the department of the attorney general to provide services and assistance to commercially sexually exploited children and victims of human trafficking. Requires reports to the legislature. Effective 12/31/2050. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Victim-counselor Privilege.. Description: Expands the victim-counselor privilege under the Hawaii Rules of Evidence to include confidential advocates employed by the University of Hawaii. Increases the minimum number of hours of training a domestic violence victims' counselor must complete to be considered a victim counselor.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Early Learning Accreditation.. Description: Requires the Department of Human Services to establish a Child Care Accreditation Program to assist licensed and registered child care providers obtain accreditation. Authorizes the use of the Child Care Grant Program Special Fund for Child Care Accreditation Program grants. Extends the deadlines by which existing Preschool Open Doors Program service providers are required to commence the accreditation process and obtain accreditation. Appropriates funds for the Child Care Accreditation Program, including the establishment of one full-time equivalent (1.0 FTE) position for the program. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Hawaiian Homes Commission Act.. Description: Requires the Department of Hawaiian Home Lands to provide to beneficiaries of the Hawaiian Homes Commission Act, 1920, monthly accountability reports that contain certain information on leases and fiscal matters. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Medical Residency Programs.. Description: Appropriates moneys to support and expand physician residency training programs in state teaching hospitals. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Income.. Description: Requires the Department of Labor and Industrial Relations to submit an annual report on the enforcement of the wage and hour law in the State to the Legislature. Requires the Director of Labor and Industrial Relations to establish: (1) investigation standards that protect the identity of an employee who files a complaint with the Wage Standards Division to report any wage and hour violations by their employer; and (2) an education program for employees and employers on federal and state wage and hour laws, including tip credit and prohibitions against employer retaliation. Effective 1/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Prince Jonah Kuhio Kalanianaole.. Description: Requires certain public buildings near mass transit projects and on Hawaiian home lands to display portraits of Prince Jonah Kuhio Kalanianaole. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The College Savings Program.. Description: Establishes a state income tax deduction for eligible contributions made to a college savings program established under chapter 256, Hawaii Revised Statutes. Effective 6/30/3000. Applies to taxable years beginning after an unspecified date. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Public Charter School Per-pupil Funding.. Description: Excludes from the charter school per-pupil funding calculation all amounts relating to programs that provide comparable benefits for all public school students regardless of whether the student is a Department of Education school student or a public charter school student.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Information Technology.. Description: Requires the technology services consolidation working group to, by 6/30/2024, decommission the office of enterprise technology services' data center located in the Kalanimoku building; relocate the entire office of enterprise technology services data center to an interim primary, secure, and resilient facility; and, by 6/30/2028, use cloud storage to securely store all state electronic data, with any cloud storage servers or other systems or hardware having their primary production system located within the State; provided that software-as-a-service solutions provided only outside the State are not subject to this restriction. Requires a report by the technology services consolidation working group. Extends to 6/30/2028 the dissolution date of the technology services consolidation working group. Establishes requirements for procurement contracts for information technology-related projects. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Wastewater Systems.. Description: Creates within the Department of Health's wastewater branch a cesspool conversion section, which will be responsible for facilitating the conversion of cesspools within the State. Establishes and appropriates funds for three full-time equivalent positions within the cesspool conversion section in fiscal years 2023-2024 and 2024-2025 and three additional full-time equivalent positions within the section in fiscal year 2024-2025. Establishes a three-year New Wastewater System Demonstration Pilot Program within the University of Hawaii Water Resources Research Center to examine and demonstrate new wastewater technology systems; implement those technologies in demonstration projects in areas across the State that are identified as Priority Level 1; and establish a similar ranking system for prioritization levels for the islands of Molokai, Lanai, and Niihau. Requires the University of Hawaii Water Resources Research Center to submit reports to the Legislature. Appropriates funds for the pilot program. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Agricultural Districts.. Description: Authorizes counties to require their approval for condominium projects located in agricultural districts that are greater than ten acres prior to the creation of the condominium property regime. Requires a condominium map to be accompanied by a letter certifying that the condominium property regime will conform to the applicable County's zoning laws. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Direct Instructional Services To Students.. Description: Requires that appropriations allocated to Department of Education programs that provide instructional services directly to students shall remain within the budget of the program to which the funds were originally allocated and that the retention of an appropriation shall not be used by the Department as a basis for reducing a program's future budget requirements. Requires the Department of Education to report the creation of temporary positions to the Legislature. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Budget-related Reports.. Description: Requires the Governor to ensure that the Governor's program memoranda and variance reports accurately reflect the current responsibilities of certain state programs, address the current and future needs of the State, and align with budget-related submittals. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Budget-related Reports.. Description: Requires the Governor to ensure that the Governor's variance reports accurately reflect the current responsibilities of certain state programs, address the current and future needs of the State, and align with budget-related submittals. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Budget-related Reports.. Description: Requires the Governor to ensure that the Governor's program memoranda accurately reflect the current responsibilities of certain state programs, address the current and future needs of the State, and align with budget-related submittals. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The Child Welfare Services.. Description: Establishes within the Office of Wellness and Resilience the Malama Ohana Working Group to seek, design, and recommend transformative changes to the State's existing child welfare system. Allows the Office to contract with an administrative facilitator to provide necessary support for the working group. Requires the Malama Ohana Working Group to report to the Legislature. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Submission Deadlines.. Description: Requires the Governor and state agencies to recommend a date by which statutorily required reports must be submitted to the Legislature, and to identify any reports that should not be subject to that uniform date and the reasons therefor. Requires the Governor to propose legislation to implement the proposed deadline and streamline existing reporting requirements by repealing or consolidating any duplicative, obsolete, or extraneous reports. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Grants-in-aid.. Description: Requires organizations to obtain legislative approval prior to the disposition of land that was acquired using state grants, but only if the land was acquired after the enactment of this Act. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Hawaii Emergency Management Agency.. Description: Authorizes the Hawaii Emergency Management Agency to acquire any real, personal, or mixed property for immediate or future use; own, hold, improve, rehabilitate, sell, assign, exchange, transfer, convey, lease, or dispose of any real, personal, or mixed property acquired; and acquire by condemnation real property for immediate or future use. Amends the definition of "public lands" to exclude non-ceded lands to which the Hawaii Emergency Management Agency holds title. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Budget-related Submissions To The Legislature.. Description: Authorizes the legislature, upon the agreement of form by the speaker of the house of representatives and the president of the senate, to specify the form in which the proposed budgets of the executive branch, judicial branch, and office of Hawaiian affairs are submitted to the legislature. Requires the executive branch, judicial branch, and office of Hawaiian affairs to conform no later than 12/1/2023. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Expenditure Of Public Funds For Land Improvements.. Description: Requires generally that the expenditure of public moneys for any improvement to land not owned or leased by the State must be appropriated by the legislature for that specific purpose and include a declaration in the same act of the public purpose regarding the appropriation of the public moneys. Provides that any expenditure of public moneys for the improvement to land not owned or leased by the State and involving natural or cultural resource management or a state grant is unauthorized unless the expending agency approves a restrictive covenant that acknowledges the State's right to receive compensation for its expenditure if the improvement to the land is abandoned or not completed. Requires the recipient of the appropriation or grant to file and execute the restrictive covenant. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Taxation.. Description: Temporarily reinstates the technology infrastructure renovation tax credit. Expands the definition of "technology-enabled infrastructure" to include data servers. Requires a report from the department of taxation analyzing the tax implications for specified exemptions and exclusions from chapters 237 and 238, HRS. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Funding Of Grants Pursuant To Chapter 42f, Hawaii Revised Statutes.. Description: Appropriates operating and capital improvement grants for fiscal year 2023-2024. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Visitor Impact Fees.. Description: Effective 7/1/2025, establishes the visitor impact fee program within the department of land and natural resources, through which the department will collect a fee from visitors for a license to visit a state park, forest, hiking trail, or other state natural area. Establishes the visitor impact fee special fund effective 7/1/2023. Requires report to the legislature on strategic plan and timetable for objectives and implementation of the visitor impact fee program. Appropriates funds for the visitor impact fee strategic plan and positions for the visitor impact fee program. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD3)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Public Information.. Description: Requires that prior to the adoption, amendment, or repeal of an administrative rule, electronic notice of the proposed rulemaking be provided to all persons who have made a timely written request to, and provided a valid working email address to, the adopting agency for advance notice of its rulemaking proceedings. Requires that alterations to administrative rules be displayed in Ramseyer format and the full text of rules be made available in a digitally accessible and searchable format. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The State Rehabilitation Council.. Description: Reduces the number of members on the State Rehabilitation Council from twenty-one to fifteen. Authorizes the State Rehabilitation Council to establish a quorum and conduct business without regard to vacancies.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Nursing Facilities.. Description: Makes permanent and amends the Nursing Facility Sustainability Program. Makes certain assessment exemptions permanent as to the Nursing Facility Sustainability Program Special Fund. Repeals chapter 346E, HRS, relating to the Nursing Facility Tax. Appropriates funds from the Nursing Facility Sustainability Program Special Fund. Effective 12/31/2050. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Dogs.. Description: Establishes additional penalties for dog owners whose dog injures or destroys property of another while on private property zoned for agricultural use without consent of the owner of the property. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Fetal Alcohol Spectrum Disorders.. Description: Requires the Department of Health to establish and administer a three-year pilot program to implement a co-management system of care for the diagnosis and treatment of persons with fetal alcohol spectrum disorders. Appropriates funds for the pilot program and an annual public awareness campaign. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Recognition Of Emergency Medical Services Personnel Licensure Interstate Compact.. Description: Establishes a working group to study the feasibility and effects of the State adopting the Recognition of Emergency Medical Services Personnel Licensure Interstate Compact. Requires a report to the Legislature. Effective 12/31/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Psychology Interjurisdictional Compact.. Description: Establishes a working group to study the feasibility and effects of the State adopting the Psychology Interjurisdictional Compact. Requires a report to the Legislature. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Advanced Practice Registered Nurse Compact.. Description: Establishes a working group to study the feasibility and effects of the State adopting the Advanced Practice Registered Nurse Compact. Requires a report to the Legislature. Effective 12/31/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Housing Discrimination.. Description: Allows counties to prohibit discrimination against renters based on their source of income. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Hawaii Housing Finance And Development Corporation.. Description: Authorizes the Hawaii Housing Finance and Development Corporation the right of first refusal for the development of property for all development on state lands, excluding the Stadium Development District and lands under Hawaii Public Housing Authority and Department of Hawaiian Home Land lands, that are within county-designated transit-oriented development zones, or within a one-half mile radius of a proposed or existing transit station if the county has not designated transit-oriented development zones, which shall be triggered by a proposed development or proposed transfer of fee simple or leasehold property interest. Requires state departments or agencies to provide sixty days advance written notice of any approval of a proposed development or proposed transfer of such lands. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Housing.. Description: Appropriates funds to the Hawaii Public Housing Authority for the rehabilitation, remodeling, renovation, and repair of housing units without regard to civil service law. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Emergency Vehicles.. Description: Makes it discretionary for authorized emergency vehicles to use sirens when responding to an emergency or in other specified situations if the siren is not reasonably necessary under the circumstances. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Uniform Commercial Code.. Description: Implements amendments to the Uniform Commercial Code set forth by the Uniform Law Commission. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Trespass.. Description: Clarifies that when trespass involves public land, all state and county law enforcement officers are authorized to and shall enforce trespass laws, without regard to whether the land is owned by the State or by a county. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Family Leave.. Description: Requires the Department of Labor and Industrial Relations, in consultation with the Insurance Commissioner, to develop a procedural manual to implement a family leave insurance program that pays family leave insurance benefits. Appropriates funds. Effective 1/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Conveyance Tax.. Description: Increases the conveyance tax rate for certain properties. Exempts conveyances of certain real property from the conveyance tax. Establishes the homeless services fund. Eliminates the cap on the amount of conveyance tax collections allocated to the land conservation fund and rental housing revolving fund. Allocates ten percent of conveyance tax collections to the homeless services fund. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Number Plates.. Description: Establishes penalties for the failure to comply with a County Director of Finance's request that a vehicle number plate or special number plate be returned. Effective 3/22/2075. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Government Services Relating To The Law.. Description: Provides that a law enforcement officer has a duty to intervene if the law enforcement officer reasonably believes that another law enforcement officer is using unnecessary or excessive force on an arrestee. Requires the law enforcement officer to report the incident to the other law enforcement officer's supervisor. Requires relevant departments to submit annual reports to the Legislature. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Environment.. Description: Prohibits the mining, extraction, and removal of minerals from the seabed in all state marine waters. Prohibits the issuance of any permit for or in connection with the development or operation of any facility or infrastructure associated with the mining, extraction, or removal of minerals from the seabed within state marine waters. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Motor Vehicles.. Description: Prohibits motor vehicle manufacturers from charging subscription fees for certain services that employ equipment already installed in the motor vehicle at the time of sale as a new motor vehicle. Provides that the prohibition shall not apply to entertainment streaming subscription services, vehicle navigation, traffic information, and safety-related services. Takes effect 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Voter Registration.. Description: Requires that any person who applies for an identification card or driver's license be automatically registered to vote. Requires that the applicant be provided the opportunity to opt-out of voter registration.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Access For Disabled Persons.. Description: Authorizes each county to adopt ordinances to enforce the design and construction requirements for the provision of accessible parking spaces, including the establishment of penalties for failure to comply with the ordinance. Authorizes officials appointed by a county to enter the property of places of public accommodation to enforce violations of the county ordinances. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Transportation.. Description: Establishes registration and driver's licensing requirements for operation of electric rickshaws. Defines electric rickshaw. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Waste Disposal Facilities.. Description: Prohibits the construction, modification, or expansion of any waste or disposal facility for hazardous waste or solid waste on land that is near or above a significant aquifer as determined by the Department of Health in consultation with the Commission on Water Resource Management. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Equity.. Description: Requires all places of public accommodation constructed after 12/31/23, and state building construction projects bid after 6/30/24, to provide one or more universal changing accommodations at each family restroom; provided that state building construction projects shall only be required to provide universal changing accommodations where feasible and cost effective. Provides exemptions for hardship. Makes a violation of the universal changing accommodations requirement an unlawful discriminatory practice. Creates a private cause of action for a violation, with defined remedies. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Emergency Medical Services.. Description: Repeals the sunset date of section 2 of Act 119, Session Laws of Hawaii 2021, making permanent the requirement that the Hawaii Medical Board issue licenses in four levels of emergency response practice in counties with a population of five hundred thousand or greater and the creation of an additional licensure category for Emergency Medical Technicians 1 who are certified at a higher practice level than Emergency Medical Technicians but do not provide ambulance services. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The University Of Hawaii Community College Workforce Training.. Description: Appropriates funds for the University of Hawaii community colleges' workforce development programs. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Landlord-tenant Code.. Description: Establishes and appropriates funds for a pre-litigation mediation pilot program. Requires landlords to participate in mediation before filing an action for summary possession. Creates and appropriates funds for an emergency rent relief program to be made available to participants in the pre-litigation mediation pilot program. Sunsets 6/30/2025. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD3)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Real Property Transactions.. Description: Requires a seller or its agent in a residential real property transaction to disclose to prospective buyers that the United States Postal Service is unable to deliver mail or packages to the location of the residential real property being offered for sale. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Professional Medicaid Services.. Description: Appropriates funds to increase medicaid payments to eligible health care providers in the State up to one hundred per cent of the current medicare fee schedule rates. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Child Welfare.. Description: Requires the Department of Human Services to collect and analyze data to determine the impact of expanding post-permanency services to families receiving benefits from the adoption assistance program and report to the Legislature. Appropriates funds. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Coral.. Description: Repeals the designation of black coral as the official gem of the State. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The Hospital Sustainability Program.. Description: Makes various updates to the Hospital Sustainability Program, including amending the definition of "private hospital"; clarifying the uses of the Hospital Sustainability Program Special Fund; increasing various hospital sustainability fee caps; requiring the Department of Human Services to consult and negotiate with the hospital trade association regarding fee participation and rates; clarifying when the hospital sustainability fee shall be discontinued and the distribution of remaining funds; repealing the sunset dates of Act 217, SLH 2012, and Act 123, SLH 2014, to make the program permanent and permanently exempting the program from the central service and administrative expenses assessments; and appropriating funds out of the Hospital Sustainability Program Special Fund. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Child Visitation.. Description: Allows the court to award reasonable visitation rights to a petitioning grandparent of a minor child when the child's parent is unable to exercise parental visitation due to death or incarceration and denial of reasonable grandparent visitation rights would cause significant harm to the child. Requires the court to follow best interest of the child procedures, considerations, and standards when granting grandparent visitation rights. Specifies that any person who violates the terms and conditions of a court order granting reasonable grandparent visitation rights are subject to sanctions. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Fire Prevention.. Description: Appropriates funds to the Department of Land and Natural Resources for the Community Fuels Reduction Project. Beginning with fiscal year 2025-2026 and each fiscal year thereafter, requires the Department of Land and Natural Resources to establish the Community Fuels Reduction Project as a separate line item within the Department's budget. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Expungement.. Description: Requires the court to automatically seal or remove from the judiciary's publicly accessible databases any information relevant to the arrest or case of a person for whom an expungement order has been entered and transmitted to the court. Effective 7/1/2025. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Wages.. Description: Makes general contractors entering into or under contracts in the State for work on buildings, structures, or other private construction works liable for debt incurred by subcontractors for wages due to claimants, including interest owed, for performance of labor in the contract between the general contractor and owner. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Carbon Sequestration.. Description: Appropriates funds for the Hawaii carbon smart land management assistance pilot program. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Sustainable Food Systems.. Description: Establishes the sustainable food systems working group within the department of agriculture. Requires the working group to submit a plan, any recommendations for implementing the plan, and any proposed legislation to the legislature. Appropriates funds to establish the working group and develop the plan and for an unspecified number of sustainability specialist positions to be employed by the department of agriculture. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The Environmental Advisory Council.. Description: Makes a housekeeping amendment to section 341-6, Hawaii Revised Statutes, to delete a reference to a repealed section. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Cesspools.. Description: Requires priority level 1 cesspools to be upgraded, converted, or connected before 1/1/2035, with certain exceptions, and priority level 2 cesspools to be upgraded, converted, or connected before 1/1/2040, rather than before 1/1/2050. Specifies that no penalty or other assessment for any violation shall constitute a lien on the real property and no seizure of property shall be authorized for any violation. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Cesspools.. Description: Requires each county to develop a comprehensive integrated wastewater management plan and financial strategy. Requires each county to submit its respective plan and financial strategy to the Legislature. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Hawaii Farm To Food Bank Program.. Description: Establishes the Hawaii Farm to Food Bank Program and Hawaii food assistance program special fund to alleviate food shortages in the State. Appropriates funds. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Designation Of Hawaii Coral Reefs As Critical Natural Infrastructure.. Description: Designates Hawaii coral reefs as critical natural infrastructure.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Insurance.. Description: Requires sponsored captive insurance companies to maintain separate protected cells for separate participant contracts. Authorizes captive insurance companies to apply for an exemption from examination from the insurance commissioner; provided that certain conditions are met. Requires protected cells established by sponsored captive insurance companies to be approved by the insurance commissioner. Authorizes sponsored captive insurance companies to establish and maintain protected cells to insure risks of parties unaffiliated with a participant under certain circumstances. Requires a participant, through a sponsored captive insurance company, to insure only risks approved by the insurance commissioner. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Public Works.. Description: Orders the person or firm found to be in violation of the state law governing wages and hours of employees on public works to be jointly and severally liable for the penalty, with the penalty increasing for repeat violations. Requires each notice of violation to contain the names of the person and the firm. Defines a "person" and "firm" for purposes of violations of the state law governing wages and hours of employees on public works, and related penalties and suspension. Requires the director of labor and industrial relations to suspend the person and firm under specified conditions. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Professional And Vocational Licensing.. Description: Reduces the period for which an application shall be considered abandoned from two years to one year. Specifies the conditions under which applications for licenses and examinations will be deemed abandoned. Provides that the one-year period after which an application is considered abandoned cannot be extended. Provides that a licensing authority shall not be required to act on any abandoned application and that the licensing authority may destroy abandoned applications. Clarifies that an application submitted after an abandoned application shall be treated as a new application and that the applicant shall comply with any new licensing requirements in effect at the time of the new application.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Health.. Description: Authorizes advanced practice registered nurses, in addition to physicians, to practice medical aid in dying in accordance with their scope of practice and prescribing authority. Authorizes psychiatric mental health nurse practitioners, in addition to psychiatrists, psychologists, and clinical social workers, to provide counseling to a qualified patient. Reduces the mandatory waiting period between oral requests from twenty days to five days. Waives the mandatory waiting period for those terminally ill individuals not expected to survive the mandatory waiting period, under certain conditions. Effective 12/31/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Pollution Abatement.. Description: Increases civil penalties for the violation of various pollution provisions. Establishes and appropriates funds for an environmental health specialist position within the clean water branch of the department of health. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Festival Of Pacific Arts.. Description: Appropriates funds to the department of business, economic development, and tourism for the governor to plan and coordinate the festival of pacific arts and culture to be held in Honolulu from 6/6/2024 to 6/16/2024. Requires the department of business, economic development, and tourism to submit, prior to the release of the funds appropriated by this Act, a report detailing how previous state funds that were appropriated for the festival were expended and, no later than twenty days prior to each regular session until the funds appropriated by this Act are fully expended or lapse, a report on the governor's festival expenses for the preceding year. Dissolves the commission on the 13th festival of pacific arts. Assigns to the governor the duties for planning and coordinating all state-sponsored and other celebration events staged for the festival of pacific arts and culture. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Public Utilities Commission.. Description: Exempts a public utility from the required public utilities commission authorization when disposing at a loss or donating a fully depreciated asset or property with a zero net book value that is no longer used or useful. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Hawaii Correctional System Oversight Commission.. Description: Extends the term of the Oversight Coordinator for the Hawaii Correctional System Oversight Commission and requires the Oversight Coordinator be subject to the advice and consent of the Senate. Specifies that the Commission shall take measures as necessary to maintain confidentiality in investigations. Broadens the Oversight Coordinator's power to make inquiries, obtain information, and inspect the premises of agencies and correctional facilities. Takes effect 1/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Geothermal Royalties.. Description: Establishes the geothermal energy resources development special fund. Requires annual reports to the Legislature. Redistributes geothermal royalties to the counties for specific purposes, geothermal energy resources development special fund, department of land and natural resources, and office of Hawaiian affairs. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD3)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Hydrogen Fueling System Subaccount.. Description: Appropriates funds from the Hydrogen Fueling System Subaccount within the Public Utilities Commission Special Fund for the Zero-Emission Vehicle Fueling System Rebate Program. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Food Banks.. Description: Appropriates funds to the Office of Community Services of the Department of Labor and Industrial Relations to fund the purchase, storage, and transportation costs of food for distribution to food banks in the State. Effective 1/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Property Development.. Description: Requires each county to adopt, no later than 6/30/2024, ordinances applicable to subdivisions not approved by 7/1/2024, requiring as a condition of approval, the subdivider or developer to obtain a street address and install a mailbox for lots, parcels, structures, or units of a structure within certain subdivisions before the sale or lease thereof. Requires condominium maps recorded in the Bureau of Conveyances or registered in the Land Court after 6/30/2024, to include a mailbox plan for the condominium property regime, showing the location of all mailboxes for all units in the regime. Requires, prior to the sale of residential real property, the disclosure as to the existence of a United States Postal Service deliverable mailbox for the property. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Medical Cannabis.. Description: Authorizes qualifying patients and qualifying out-of-state patients to transport cannabis between islands of the State for personal medical use; provided that no individual or entity shall be required to violate federal law. Requires the Department of Transportation to adopt rules for the interisland transport of controlled substances within the State. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Campaign Finance.. Description: Prohibits noncandidate committees from making expenditures or contributions or disseminating any advertisements on the day of any election and the two-week period preceding any election. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii enrolled a bill titled: Proposing An Amendment To Article Ii Of The Constitution Of The State Of Hawaii.. Description: Proposes an amendment to the Hawaii State Constitution to allow the Legislature to enact laws establishing limitations on moneys expended by any noncandidate committee making only independent expenditures to influence the outcome of a state election. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The Practice Of Pharmacy.. Description: Exempts manufacturers, wholesale distributors, manufacturers engaged in direct distribution to qualified persons, and third-party logistics providers of home dialysate drugs or devices from the license, registration, and permit requirements for pharmacies, under certain conditions. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Public Utilities Commission.. Description: Requires the public utilities commission to make every effort to complete its review for a merger, consolidation, acquisition, or other change of control and issue a decision within nine months or twelve months from the date of a completed application. Requires the public utilities commission to establish standards for deeming an application complete. Specifies the process for objections and amendments to submitted applications. Allows for waiver or extension of the applicable time period. Requires the public utilities commission to submit a report to the legislature if those timelines are not met. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Telecommunications And Cable Industry Information Reporting.. Description: Repeals chapter 440J, HRS, relating to telecommunications and cable industry information reporting requirements for broadband service providers. Makes conforming amendments. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Public Utilities Commission.. Description: Exempts from the requirement that a water common carrier secure the prior approval of the Public Utilities Commission to issue stocks and stock certificates and enter long-term leases of more than three years and leverage leases: (1) land leases from a governmental entity; provided that either the water common carrier or governmental entity provides a letter to the commission outlining terms of the lease agreement in a reasonable timeframe after the agreement is executed; and (2) leases of any equipment of which the annual cost of the lease is below a threshold as determined by the commission in the most recently approved rate case or other ratemaking proceeding. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Education.. Description: Requires the Department of Education to submit annual reports. Repeals standardized assessment requirements for students entering kindergarten. Effective 7/1/3000. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The Uniform Probate Code.. Description: Updates articles I through IV of the Uniform Probate Code to adjust for inflation, provide additional clarity, resolve issues that have arisen in probate practice, and address societal changes in familial relations. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Judges For The District Court Of The First Circuit.. Description: Establishes 1 additional district court judgeship in the First Circuit. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Statutory Revision: Amending Or Repealing Various Provisions Of The Hawaii Revised Statutes Or The Session Laws Of Hawaii For The Purposes Of Correcting Errors And References, Clarifying Language, Or Deleting Obsolete Or Unnecessary Provisions.. Description: Amends or repeals various provisions of the Hawaii Revised Statutes or the Session Laws of Hawaii for the purposes of correcting errors and references, clarifying language, or deleting obsolete or unnecessary provisions.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Compliance On Hawaiian Home Lands.. Description: Appropriates funds to the Department of Law Enforcement to hire law enforcement officers dedicated to investigating complaints, conducting investigations, and cooperating with enforcement authorities to ensure compliance with state laws and rules, county ordinances, including the Hawaiian Homes Commission Act, 1920, as amended, and the rules adopted thereunder, on Hawaiian home lands; provided that the law enforcement officers hired for this purpose shall not be prohibited from exercising their law enforcement authority outside of the Hawaiian home lands. Takes effect 03/22/2075. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Motor Vehicle Inspections.. Description: For a period of 3 years, provides that no new vehicle needs a safety inspection until 3 years after the date the vehicle was first sold; provides that electric vehicles shall require a safety inspection every 24 months; and provides that electric vehicles participating in a road usage charge fee program shall pay a road usage charge fee based on a self-reported photo odometer reading. Effective 7/1/2050. Repeals 6/30/2026. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Vacant And Abandoned Residential Property.. Description: Requires the counties to establish expedited procedures to approve demolition permits for vacant residential properties. Allows the Department of Taxation to satisfy certain tax liens through the nonjudicial foreclosure of vacant and abandoned residential properties at any time after establishing vacancy and abandonment. Appropriates moneys. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Commercial Vehicles.. Description: Prohibits certain oversized commercial vehicles from driving in the far left lane on roadways with three or more lanes for traffic moving in the same direction, subject to certain exceptions. Effective 1/1/2024. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Fireworks.. Description: Establishes the Shipping Container Inspection Program and shipping container inspection program special fund. Amends the definitions of "aerial devices" and "fireworks" within state fireworks law. Requires reports to the Legislature on implementation of the Shipping Container Inspection Program. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Mental Health At The University Of Hawaii.. Description: Appropriates funds to the University of Hawaii at Manoa to establish additional permanent mental health practitioner positions within the Division of Student Success' Counseling and Student Development Center. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Environmental Protection.. Description: Prohibits the manufacture, sale, offer for sale, distribution for sale, and distribution for use of any food packaging, food service ware, cosmetic, or personal care product that contains intentionally added perfluoroalkyl and polyfluoroalkyl substances, with certain exceptions. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD3)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Consumer Protection.. Description: Requires self-service stations to put labels on gas dispensing equipment that advise consumers on the effects of fossil fuel consumption to human health and the environment. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Wetland Preservation.. Description: Adds definitions for "floodway", "natural stormwater infrastructure", and "wetlands" to section 343-2, Hawaii Revised Statutes. Requires a proposed housing project of the Hawaii Housing Finance and Development Corporation that is exempt from all statutes, ordinances, charter provisions, and rules of any government agency relating to planning, zoning, and construction standards to ensure that the proposed housing project does not have a significant adverse impact on wetlands or natural stormwater infrastructure. Requires an environmental assessment for actions under the environmental impact statements law that propose any development that would impact wetlands or natural stormwater infrastructure. Takes effect 3/22/2075. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Agriculture.. Description: Appropriates funds to the University of Hawaii to establish a foreign agriculture small equipment pilot program. Requires a report to the legislature. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii enrolled a bill titled: Relating To Hemp.. Description: Requires that the identity statement used for labeling or advertising hemp products identify the percentage of Hawaii-grown and Hawaii-processed hemp and hemp of other origins contained in hemp products. Allows the use of the term "All Hawaiian" for hemp products in which one hundred per cent of the hemp is grown and processed in the State. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Agriculture.. Description: Establishes the Farm Succession Pilot Program under Leeward Community College in collaboration with the University of Hawaii College of Tropical Agriculture and Human Resources. Requires a report to the Legislature. Appropriates funds for the pilot program and for the Department of Agriculture's Farmer Apprentice Mentoring Program. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Military Land Use.. Description: Establishes a Surplus Military Land Task Force within the Office of Planning and Sustainable Development to plan for the remediation and restoration of lands currently under federal control that are anticipated to be returned to the State, consider potential alternative uses, and identify any lands that should continue under federal control for the next ten years. Effective 3/22/2075. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Education.. Description: Authorizes the School Facilities Authority Board, rather than the Governor, to appoint an Executive Director of the School Facilities Authority. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Board Of Regents.. Description: Requires the University of Hawaii's Board of Regents to approve by majority vote any designee selected to serve or participate for the chairperson as a voting or nonvoting member of any legislatively established board, commission, working group, or task force. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Housing.. Description: Clarifies that certain housing projects developed by the Hawaii Housing Finance and Development Corporation on lands that are not within a Special Flood Hazard Area as identified on the current Federal Emergency Management Agency's Flood Insurance Rate Maps shall be exempt from all statutes, ordinances, charter provisions, and rules relating to planning, zoning, and other certain standards, provided that certain conditions are met. Effective 03/22/2075. (SD3)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Government.. Description: Requires reports of official out-of-state and intrastate travel by state employees, officers, or other representatives of state departments or agencies, including the judiciary and University of Hawaii, to be made available for public review on the Comptroller's website. Creates an exception for sensitive personal information. Appropriates moneys. Effective 7/1/2112. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Transportation.. Description: Conditions the issuance of a certificate of inspection upon a vehicle not being equipped with a noisy muffler or exhaust system. Requires rules regarding safety check inspections to ensure that a motorcycle, moped, or motor vehicle is not equipped with a noisy muffler or exhaust system. Suspends, revokes, or refuses renewal of a permit for an official inspection station upon a third or subsequent wilful violation of any rule regarding inspecting a noisy muffler or exhaust system. Increases the maximum fine for violating noisy muffler and exhaust system laws. Includes repairing or installing a noisy muffler or exhaust system as a prohibited practice for motor vehicle repair laws. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Transportation.. Description: Increases the fines for violating provisions relating to the installation of noisy exhaust pipes and mufflers. Authorizes police officers to conduct examinations and inspections if the officer has probable cause to believe that a vehicle's excessively noisy muffler is evidence of a violation. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Excessive Noise.. Description: Requires and appropriates funds from the State Highway Fund for the Department of Transportation, in conjunction with counties having a population greater than 500,000, to develop and implement a pilot program to use noise detection traffic cameras to address excessive traffic noise in urban areas in each participating county. Requires the Department of Transportation to submit a report to the Legislature. Sunsets 12/31/2025. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Gambling.. Description: Establishes the operation of an illegal gambling business as a class C felony. Takes effect 03/22/2075. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Taxation.. Description: Excludes income received from deferred compensation retirement plans from the state income tax for taxpayers who meet certain income requirements. Effective 1/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Health.. Description: Allows certain physician assistants to sign orders for respiratory therapy and plans of care. Expands the class of health care providers under whom respiratory therapists may practice respiratory care to include physician assistants and advanced practice registered nurses. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Health.. Description: Authorizes pharmacists to order, perform, and report the results of certain Clinical Laboratory Improvement Amendments of 1988-waived tests. Specifies educational and permitting requirements for the ordering, performance, and reporting the results of certain CLIA-waived tests. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Hearing Aids.. Description: Exempts from the general excise tax, gross receipts received by a hospital, infirmary, medical clinic, health care facility, pharmacy, or a practitioner licensed to administer drugs to an individual, from the sale of hearing aids. Effective 12/31/2050. Sunsets 1/1/2026. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Prescription Drugs.. Description: Requires pharmacies to provide accessible prescription drug label information to individuals who have difficulty seeing or reading standard printed prescription drug container labels and inform the public that prescription drug label information is available in alternate accessible formats for individuals who have difficulty seeing or reading prescription drug container labels. Requires the Board of Pharmacy to adopt certain rules by December 31, 2023. Effective 12/31/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Hearing Aids.. Description: Requires health insurance policies and contracts issued on or after 01/01/2024 to provide coverage for the cost of hearing aids at a minimum of an unspecified amount per hearing aid for each hearing-impaired ear every thirty-six months. Effective 12/31/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To American Sign Language.. Description: Recognizes American Sign Language as a fully developed, autonomous, natural language with its own grammar, syntax, vocabulary, and cultural heritage.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Service Animals.. Description: Requires that a written disclaimer be provided by sellers or providers of emotional support animals or certificates or identification tags for emotional support animals that the animal is not a service animal or the item does not qualify as an item for a service animal and that knowingly misrepresenting an emotional support animal may be a violation. Establishes penalties. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Hawaii Tourism Authority.. Description: Requires contracts entered into by the Hawaii Tourism Authority for management of the Hawaii Convention Center facility to include marketing for all uses of the facility. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Campaign Finance.. Description: Allows an election candidate, treasurer, or candidate committee to use campaign funds for the candidate's child care and vital household dependent care costs under certain conditions. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii enrolled a bill titled: Relating To Hemp.. Description: Requires persons applying to register as hemp processors to include with their application form documentation that the processing does not include heat or volatile compounds or gases under pressure, such as cold-water extraction and is exempt from certain building permit and building code requirements, or documentation that the planned hemp processing operation is in a food hub or agricultural park. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii enrolled a bill titled: Relating To Hemp.. Description: Authorizes the Department of Agriculture to align state hemp production administrative rules with federal exemptions for fiber, fuel, and seed grain hemp crops. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Ornamental Ginger.. Description: Appropriates funds to the University of Hawaii for statewide research into ornamental ginger pathogens, prevention of the spread of ornamental ginger pathogens, production and distribution of pathogen-free ornamental ginger plants, and outreach to ornamental ginger producers. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Agriculture.. Description: Appropriates funds to the department of agriculture to mitigate and control infestations of the two-lined spittlebug, undertake recovery efforts for lands damaged by the two-lined spittlebug, and establish a five-year pilot program to mitigate and control the significant increase in the population of feral chickens and pigs throughout the State. Requires reports to the Legislature. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Agriculture.. Description: Establishes the Healthy Soils Program within the Department of Agriculture. Appropriates funds. Requires an annual report to the Legislature. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Nonprofit Organizations.. Description: Clarifies the application of the general excise tax law with regard to gross income derived from unrelated trade or business activities of nonprofit organizations. Effective 6/30/3000. Sunsets 12/31/2028. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Animal Fur Products.. Description: Prohibits the sale, offer for sale, display for sale, trade, or distribution of certain animal fur products in the State. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Physical Therapy Compact.. Description: Adopts the physical therapy compact effective 7/1/3025. Requires the department of commerce and consumer affairs to adopt rules to implement and administer the compact. Requires applicants for physical therapist or physical therapist assistant licensure to submit a full set of electronic fingerprints for criminal history record checks and authorizes the department of commerce and consumer affairs to conduct these criminal history record checks. Appropriates funds. Effective 12/31/2050. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Cannabis.. Description: Establishes regulations for the cultivation, manufacture, sale, and personal use of small amounts of cannabis. Decriminalizes and regulates small amounts of cannabis for personal use. Establishes taxes for cannabis sales. Takes effect 03/22/2075. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Health.. Description: Excludes fentanyl testing strips from the definition of drug paraphernalia in the uniform Controlled Substances Act. Defines fentanyl test strip. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Medical Cannabis.. Description: Establishes a terminally ill qualifying patient medical cannabis use working group to study the feasibility of the medical use of cannabis by terminally ill qualifying patients in health care facilities. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The Interstate Medical Licensure Compact.. Description: Adopts the Interstate Medical Licensure Compact to create a comprehensive process that complements the existing licensing and regulatory authority of state medical boards and provides a streamlined process that allows physicians to become licensed in multiple states. Requires the Department of Commerce and Consumer Affairs to adopt rules to implement and administer the Compact. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Intoxicating Liquor.. Description: Increases the amount of malt beverages, wine, and alcohol that a small craft producer pub licensee may produce during the license year. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Energy Efficiency.. Description: Prohibits the sale of certain fluorescent lamps as a new manufactured product, with certain exemptions. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Efficiency Standards.. Description: Allows the chief energy officer of the Hawaii state energy office to enforce minimum efficiency standards and adopt or amend efficiency standards. Sets minimum efficiency standards for portable electric spas, residential ventilating fans, toilets, urinals, and water coolers. Allows manufacturers to utilize the Home Ventilating Institute's certified products directory certification program to meet certain standards. Effective 6/30/2023. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Pharmacists.. Description: Requires the auditor to conduct an assessment on the social and financial impacts of mandating health insurance coverage for care provided by a participating registered pharmacist practicing within the scope of the pharmacist's license. Requires a report to the legislature before the 2024 regular session. Appropriates funds. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Workers' Compensation.. Description: Authorizes wages of other employees in comparable employment to be considered when computing the average weekly wages of an injured public board member, reserve police officer, police chaplain, reserve public safety law enforcement officer, sheriffs' chaplain, volunteer firefighter, volunteer boating enforcement officer, or volunteer conservation and resources enforcement officer. Clarifies computation of average weekly wages of an injured volunteer firefighter for workers' compensation benefits purposes. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To State Capitol Tours.. Description: Establishes a state capitol tours program within the office of the governor. Establishes two full-time equivalent positions. Appropriates funds. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Incarcerated Women.. Description: Appropriates moneys for an education and reentry program for incarcerated women. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Gender Parity In Programs For Incarcerated Women.. Description: Appropriates funds to the Hawaii Friends of Restorative Justice as a grant to conduct a study of all programming offered to persons incarcerated at correctional facilities and convene a group of incarcerated women for the purpose of identifying gaps in programming offered to female inmates. Requires that the study be submitted to the Legislature by 6/30/2024. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Corrections.. Description: Establishes a trauma-informed certification program at the Windward Community College campus of the University of Hawaii for adult corrections officers. Requires the curriculum to include a level I trauma-informed care course designed for adult corrections officers. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Health.. Description: Designates the month of September as Fetal Alcohol Spectrum Disorder Awareness Month to promote public awareness of the risks of alcohol consumption during pregnancy.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Alcohol.. Description: Expands the definition of "beer" under the liquor tax laws and liquor laws to mean any alcoholic beverage containing no less than 0.5 per cent alcohol by volume obtained by fermentation of any infusion or decoction of malt or any substitute, including alcohol seltzer beverages and excluding sake, cooler beverages, and other distilled products. Authorizes brewpubs to sell beer they manufacture, or beer manufactured on their premises, subject to certain conditions. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Occupational Safety And Health.. Description: Establishes the workforce safety and health special fund. Directs certain fees and penalties to be deposited into the special fund. Effective 1/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Department Of Human Resources Development.. Description: Appropriates funds for the enhancement of technology resources for the Department of Human Resources Development and for positions in the Department. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Teleworking.. Description: Requires and appropriates moneys for the department of human resources development to submit an annual report to the legislature on the telework policies of the executive branch. Establishes requirements for a pilot telework monitoring system to assess the productivity of telework employees. Appropriates funds for the annual report, pilot telework monitoring system, positions to manage the pilot telework monitoring system, and manager training. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The Department Of Human Resources Development.. Description: Repeals the administrative assistant position within the Department of Human Resources Development. Reassigns the responsibilities of the administrative assistant to the Director of Human Resources Development. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Board Members.. Description: Requires the real estate commission to develop a curriculum for leadership training to be made available to board members of a condominium association and submit a progress report to the legislature. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Fishponds.. Description: Appropriates funds to the Department of Land and Natural Resources to restore and restock fishponds by providing fingerlings and limu and establishing one full-time equivalent (1.0 FTE) aquaculture coordinator biologist VI position. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Hawaiian Independence Day.. Description: Designates November 28 of each year as La Kuokoa, Hawaiian Independence Day, to celebrate the historical recognition of the independence of the Kingdom of Hawaii.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To State Holidays.. Description: Designates the second Monday in October of each year as Indigenous Peoples' Day. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Hawaiian Culture.. Description: Requires the office of Hawaiian affairs to conduct a feasibility study on establishing Native Hawaiian cultural centers within the State. Requires the Office to submit a report of its study findings and recommendations to the legislature. Appropriates funds for the study. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Burial Sites.. Description: Establishes an inter-division program between the State Historic Preservation Division, Land Division, Office of Conservation and Coastal Lands, Island Burial Councils, and the Office of Hawaiian Affairs that addresses the location, movement, and restoration of Hawaiian burial sites or iwi, exposed or likely to be exposed to coastal erosion. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Disposition Of Water Rights.. Description: Exempts the instream use of water for commercial kalo cultivation conducted in a manner consistent with traditional and customary Native Hawaiian practices and on traditional kalo lands from the existing process for the disposition of water rights. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Department Of Hawaiian Home Lands.. Description: Authorizes the Department of Hawaiian Home Lands to administer a lease award program for beneficiaries on the homestead lease waiting list who are at least sixty years old or terminally ill, under certain conditions. Authorizes qualified successors of certain beneficiaries on the waiting list who died before receiving a lease to file a claim for a lease award within a certain time. Requires the Department of Hawaiian Home Lands to adopt rules by a certain date. Effective 3/22/2075. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Desecration.. Description: Expanding the requisite state of mind for the criminal offense of desecration to include "knowingly". Simplifies the definition of "desecrate". (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Hawaiian Homes Commission Act.. Description: Excludes from any waiting list maintained by the Department of Hawaiian Home Lands any lessee or successor who sells or transfers their lease on a tract of Hawaiian home lands for personal gain. Establishes that the Hawaiian Homes Commission shall have a right of first refusal for the sale or transfer of a lessee's interest in the lease when the sale or transfer is for personal gain. Takes effect 3/22/2075. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Coffee Pest Control.. Description: Extends the sunset date for the Coffee Berry Borer and Coffee Leaf Rust Pesticide Subsidy Program to 6/30/2025 and the program manager position, including the position's civil service and collective bargaining laws exemption, to 6/30/2026. Requires the Department of Agriculture to report to the Legislature. Appropriates funds for the operation and implementation of the Pesticide Subsidy Program. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Invasive Species.. Description: Requires the Hawaii Invasive Species Council to classify the fungal pathogen that causes coffee leaf rust as an invasive species in its administrative rules and to direct available funding for mitigation efforts, research, and prevention or control actions for coffee leaf rust. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Agriculture.. Description: Extends the offense of false labeling of Hawaii-grown coffee to include roasted coffee. Imposes a mandatory $10,000 fine for each separate offense of false labeling of Hawaii-grown coffee. Appropriates funds for one full-time equivalent (1.0 FTE) enforcement position. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Coffee Labeling.. Description: Expands the coffee labeling and advertising requirements to include ready-to-drink coffee beverages and the inner packages and inner wrapping labels of roasted coffee, instant coffee, and ready-to-drink coffee beverages. Specifies that the coffee labeling and advertising requirements apply if the applicable products are produced in whole or in part from Hawaii-grown and Hawaii-processed green coffee beans. Requires disclosure on the label of coffee blends of the respective geographic and regional origins and per cent by weight of the blended coffees. Prohibits use of the term "All Hawaiian" in labeling or advertising for roasted coffee or instant coffee not produced entirely from green coffee beans grown and processed in Hawaii. Effective 7/1/2024. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Telecommunication.. Description: Requires the comptroller to identify state office buildings that can provide equitable telecommunication access to allow certain residents, including residents with disabilities, to participate remotely in legislative hearings. Requires a report to the legislature. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Accessibility.. Description: Requires retail establishments with an employee toilet facility to allow a customer suffering from an eligible medical condition to use that restroom during normal business hours under certain conditions. Establishes fines. Effective 12/31/2050. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Disability Health Disparity.. Description: Requires the State Council on Developmental Disabilities to submit a report to the Legislature prior to the convening of the Regular Session of 2025 focused on the health disparities experienced by persons in the State with developmental or intellectual disabilities. Appropriates funds. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Economic Development.. Description: Establishes the Access to Local Food Act to allow cottage food operations to sell cottage food products, under certain conditions, upon receiving a permit from the Department of Health. Effective July 1, 2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Health.. Description: Requires the Office of Primary Care and Rural Health to oversee and support community efforts to collaboratively address the health and wellness needs of the State's most underserved rural residents to develop plans that align with appropriate providers' goals and objectives. Requires the Office of Primary Care and Rural Health to include a one-time summary of community plans with the report that is to be submitted to the Legislature prior to the Regular Session of 2024. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Affordable Housing.. Description: Temporarily exempts affordable housing projects under certain circumstances from specific state and county fees and exactions related to discretionary approval or ministerial permitting, except fees and costs payable to the Hawaii Housing Finance and Development Corporation and the rates and fees of the various boards of water supply. Repeals 6/30/2028. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Affordable Housing.. Description: Allows a bank to invest, in aggregate, up to fifteen per cent of the bank's capital and surplus in limited partnerships, limited liability partnerships, limited liability companies, and corporations formed to invest in affordable housing residential properties without the prior approval of the Commissioner of Financial Institutions or an after-the-fact notice. Authorizes an eligible bank to make an investment exceeding fifteen per cent, but not exceeding twenty per cent, of the bank's capital and surplus without prior notification to, or approval by, the Commissioner if the eligible bank submits an after-the-fact notice. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Emergency Powers.. Description: Prohibits the Governor or a Mayor from suspending requests for public records or vital statistics during a declared state of emergency. Allows for a reasonable delay in an agency's response to a request as a result of extenuating circumstances.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Farm Dwellings.. Description: Prohibits the construction of new farm dwellings on agricultural park lots beginning 1/1/2024. Prohibits residence within an unpermitted farm dwelling. Authorizes inspections.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Hunting Guides.. Description: Requires hunting guides who take their clients to hunt on private lands to first obtain written permission from the owner, occupier, holder, or duly appointed agent of the private land, where appropriate. Requires hunting guides to provide copies of the written permissions and other information as part of their annual reports to the Department of Land and Natural Resources. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Cesspools.. Description: For taxable years beginning after 12/31/2023, provides a temporary income tax credit for the cost of upgrading or converting a qualified cesspool to a wastewater system approved by the Director of Health, or connecting to a sewerage system. Sunsets 12/31/2028. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Renewable Energy.. Description: Requires government entities in the State that issue building permits to implement SolarAPP+ or a functionally equivalent online automated permitting platform that verifies code compliance and issues permits to licensed contractors for solar distributed energy resource systems in real time by 1/1/2024. Requires government entities in the State that issue building permits in territories served by an investor-owned electric utility to adopt self-certification for residential and commercial on-site solar distributed energy resource systems that are not SolarAPP+ compatible. Makes the professional engineers, architects, surveyors, and landscape architects licensure law inapplicable to work with respect to residential distributed energy resource systems. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Taro.. Description: Establishes and appropriates funds for a grant program in the Department of Agriculture to provide grants to taro farmers in meeting the costs of cultivating taro for consumption. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Airlines.. Description: Requires the department of transportation to establish and implement a two-year airline subsidy pilot program at Molokai airport to assist airlines in offsetting the costs of operation. Appropriates funds. Sunsets 7/1/2025. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Search And Rescue.. Description: Requires government entities to seek reimbursement for all or a portion of search or rescue expenses for persons who require rescue after leaving a hiking trail to enter an area closed to the public or hiking on a trail closed to the public, and there is a sign giving notice of the closure. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Taxes.. Description: Requires productions to provide evidence of reasonable efforts to comply with all applicable requirements to qualify for the motion picture, digital media, and film production income tax credit. Requires taxpayers be given notice of and an opportunity to cure requirements for the motion picture, digital media, and film production income tax credit within thirty days of receiving the notice. Takes effect 1/6/2050. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Time Sharing Plans.. Description: Specifies that primary plan documents be listed in the public disclosure statement of a time share plan. Specifies when supplementary plan documents are to be considered primary plan documents subject to disclosure. Clarifies the manner in which the required disclosure of liens, title defects, or encumbrances on the titles of units may be made. Provides that a review of encumbrances by a contracted private consultant shall be waived upon the certification from the developer that the developer reviewed all encumbrances on title and determined that the time share interest is free and clear of blanket liens or that identifies all blanket liens. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Time Sharing.. Description: Requires a developer's application for registration or annexation to include a list of projects containing out-of-state time share units and a statement that the developer has verified that those units are in compliance or not prohibited under the laws of the jurisdiction where the units are located. Clarifying that a developer is not required to submit any other evidence of such compliance to register in Hawaii. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Time Sharing Plans.. Description: For time share plans that use title holding trusts, requires the developer to submit a title report evidencing that the title is vested in the trustee. For time share plans that use a notice of time share plan, requires the recordation of the notice and its submission. For time share plans that use alternative arrangements, requires the recordation of any alternative arrangement documents. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Qualified Internships Tax Credit.. Description: Establishes a qualified internship income tax credit for employers of qualified interns. Establishes an application and certification process for the tax credit, to be administered by the Department of Labor and Industrial Relations. Requires reports to the Legislature from the Department of Taxation and Department of Labor and Industrial Relations. Appropriates funds. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Transportation.. Description: Repeals the electric bicycle and electric moped rebate program and electric bicycle and electric moped subaccount of the highway development special fund. Establishes the electric mobility rebate program and electric mobility special fund. Appropriates moneys. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Demographic Data.. Description: Establishes a task force to assess demographic data collection, processing, retention, and sharing procedures, needs, and challenges. Requires a report to the Legislature. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Court Interpreters.. Description: Beginning in 2026 and every three years thereafter, requires the Judiciary to conduct a study on interpreter fees. Appropriates funds. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To State Enterprise Zones.. Description: Amends the definition of "eligible business activity" to include the processing of value-added agricultural products grown within an enterprise zone and the development or production of renewable energy, under certain conditions. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Aquaculture.. Description: Transfers the business, processing, distribution, and marketing functions of the Aquaculture Program from the Department of Agriculture to the Agribusiness Development Corporation. Appropriates moneys. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Fireworks.. Description: Establishes the Illegal Fireworks Task Force within the Department of Law Enforcement to stop the importation of illegal fireworks and explosives into the State, promote compliance with the fireworks control laws, and ensure the safety and security of facilities and institutions in the State against the discharge of illegal fireworks and explosives. Requires reports to the Legislature. Appropriates funds. Sunsets 6/30/2025. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Creative Districts.. Description: Creates a process for the establishment of a creative district. Establishes a 5-year income tax credit for creative districts. Permits counties to enact incentives for creative districts. Requires the State Foundation on Culture and the Arts to submit an annual report to the Legislature on creative districts. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Motor Vehicle Registration.. Description: Provides an exemption for flatbed trucks from registration renewals and initial registrations of motor carrier vehicles when used as marine terminal equipment temporarily moving in or between certain terminals. Adds new terminal locales, times, and roadways to be covered under the exemption. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Mooring Lines.. Description: Requires the securing of mooring lines from vessels requiring tug assistance to be manned by an existing, operational stevedoring company that is operating within the State, except the securing of mooring lines from vessels for purposes of shipyard or boatyard operations necessary for vessel drydocking, hauling, launching, or shifting used in conjunction with other shipyard or boatyard operations. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The School Facilities Authority.. Description: Transfers an unspecified sum of general funds previously appropriated to the School Facilities Authority of the Department of Education to the school facilities special fund. Appropriates moneys from the school facilities special fund in fiscal year 2023-2024. Establishes an appropriation ceiling for the school facilities special fund that is equivalent to the balance of moneys available in the special fund. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Certification Of Documents.. Description: Establishes a fee for the issuance of an apostille or certification. Establishes the Apostilles and Certifications Special Fund. Authorizes the Office of the Lieutenant Governor to expend moneys in the fund for operational expenses. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/2112. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Emergency Medical Response.. Description: Establishes within the Department of Education, a one-year Critical Emergency Response Pilot Program to establish a critical emergency response team for each department school located in central Oahu selected by the Department of Education to participate in the Pilot Program. Establishes within the State Public Charter School Commission, a one-year Critical Emergency Response Pilot Program to establish a critical emergency response team for each public charter school selected by the Commission to participate in the Pilot Program. Requires the Department of Education and State Public Charter School Commission to report to the Legislature. Appropriates funds. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Education.. Description: Authorizes the counties to transfer land to the School Facilities Authority. Exempts the School Facilities Authority from certain assessments and taxes. Authorizes state and county agencies to render services to the School Facilities Authority upon request. Authorizes the School Facilities Authority to engage in commercial enterprise activities for the purpose of revenue generation. Authorizes the School Facilities Authority to contract to manage leasing and management of housing projects. Establishes a deadline for the transfer of properties to the Department of Education from the City and County of Honolulu required by Act 206, SLH 2017, as amended by Act 272, SLH 2019. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The Wahiawa Irrigation System.. Description: Requires the Office of the Governor to negotiate the State's fee simple acquisition of the Wahiawa Irrigation System on the island of Oahu. Authorizes and appropriates funds for the Department of Agriculture, Agribusiness Development Corporation, and Department of Land and Natural Resources to purchase, repair, and maintain the Wahiawa Irrigation System and the associated spillway. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To General Fund Budget Appropriations For The University Of Hawaii.. Description: Repeals the requirement that the annual general fund budget appropriation for the University of Hawaii shall be 3 to 5 times the estimated regular tuition and related fee revenues for that year.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Department Of Business, Economic Development, And Tourism.. Description: Authorizes the Department of Business, Economic Development, and Tourism to acquire and hold title to or contract to acquire by grant or purchase real, personal, or mixed property; to clear, improve, and rehabilitate and to sell, assign, exchange, transfer, convey, lease, dispose, or encumber the property; and acquire property by condemnation. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The University Of Hawaii Community Colleges.. Description: Requires the University of Hawaii Vice President for Community Colleges to report directly to the Board of Regents. Appropriates funds to the University of Hawaii Community Colleges for the continuation of the Hawaii Community College Promise Program and to establish thirty-one full-time equivalent Security Officer positions for the community colleges. Effective 1/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Renewable Energy.. Description: Establishes the Hawaii electricity reliability administrator special fund. Increases the carryover balance of the public utilities commission special fund to $3,000,000 and transfers a portion of that balance to the Hawaii electricity reliability administrator special fund. Appropriates funds into and out of the special fund. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Special Number Plates.. Description: Authorizes the issuance of special number plates to commemorate Malama Puuloa. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Hawaii Healthy Aging Partnership.. Description: Appropriates funds to the Executive Office on Aging for the Hawaii Healthy Aging Partnership. Effective 12/31/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Condominium Reserve Requirements.. Description: Authorizes a condominium association to provide a summary of the required information in its budget. Authorizes a condominium association's reserve study to forecast a loan or special assessment to fund life safety equipment or installations for any building located in a county with a population greater than five hundred thousand. Authorizes a condominium association to use a third party to conduct a reserves study on behalf of the condominium. Clarifies the information to be included in the description of how the estimated replacement reserves assessments are computed. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Housing Savings Accounts.. Description: Directs the Legislative Reference Bureau to propose and conduct a study of a housing savings account system. Authorizes the Legislative Reference Bureau to contract for services to develop the proposed system and program and conduct a study. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Housing.. Description: Establishes the Ninety-Nine Year Leasehold Program to develop low-cost residential condominium units on state-owned and county-owned land in urban redevelopment sites to be sold in leasehold by the Hawaii Community Development Authority to qualified residents. Provides for the disposition of lands that are acquired by the Hawaii Community Development Authority but no longer needed for the program. Establishes positions. Appropriates funds. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Housing.. Description: Authorizes the counties to promote certain labor standards through zoning ordinances. Includes off-site construction of a public work project for purposes of the State's prevailing wage requirements. Allows certain affordable rental housing projects to receive a waiver of county property taxes and various county development fees. Requires that all orders from the governor to set aside public lands for the development of affordable housing projects contain a provision that the construction of the development be subject to the State's prevailing wage requirements. Amends the limit on the type of costs eligible for exemption from the general excise tax for development of affordable rental housing approved or certified by the Hawaii Housing Finance and Development Corporation. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Inclusionary Zoning.. Description: Prohibits any law, ordinance, or rule from imposing an inclusionary zoning requirement on housing offered exclusively for sale in perpetuity to buyers who are residents of the State, are owner-occupants, and do not own any other real property. Requires each county to submit a report on its inclusionary zoning requirements to the Legislature every year until the Regular Session of 2028. Effective 3/22/2075. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The Youth Commission.. Description: Clarifies that a majority of the members appointed to the Youth Commission shall constitute a quorum to do business. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To School Impact Fees.. Description: Exempts certain housing developments from assessments of school impact fees. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Counties.. Description: Authorizes counties, after adoption of an ordinance, to sell private property after all notices, orders, and appeal proceedings are exhausted and to use those revenues to pay unpaid civil fines related to that property; provided that the county sells the property at not less than the market value of similarly situated properties and that all revenues received from the sale that exceed the amount of the unpaid civil fines are refunded to the property owner. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Department Of Labor And Industrial Relations.. Description: Appropriates funds for the retention of employees of the unemployment insurance division of the department of labor and industrial relations. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Leasehold Conversion.. Description: Excludes from taxation one hundred per cent of the gain realized by a fee simple owner from the sale of a leased fee interest in units within a condominium project, cooperative project, or planned unit development to the association of apartment owners or the residential cooperative housing corporation of the leasehold units. Applies to taxable years beginning after 12/31/2022 and ending prior to 1/1/2030. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The Office Of Wellness And Resilience.. Description: Transfers the Office of Wellness and Resilience from the Office of the Governor to the Department of Human Services on 7/1/2025. Extends the Trauma-Informed Care Task Force dissolution date to 6/30/2025 and establishes the Task Force as an advisory board to the Office of Wellness and Resilience until its dissolution. Reconstitutes the membership of the Trauma-Informed Care Task Force into a permanent advisory board to the Office of Wellness and Resilience to be called the Wellness and Resilience Advisory Board. Effective 1/1/2024. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Kupuna Housing.. Description: Temporarily expands the State Rent Supplement Program specifically for qualified persons who are sixty-two years of age or older and are homeless or at imminent risk of becoming homeless. Requires the Hawaii Public Housing Authority to submit annual reports to the Legislature. Appropriates funds. Sunsets 6/30/2026. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The Hawaii State Health Insurance Assistance Program.. Description: Requires the Executive Office on Aging to submit to the Legislature annual progress reports on the Hawaii State Health Insurance Assistance Program. Appropriates funds. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Caregivers.. Description: Requires the Executive Office on Aging to establish a workforce development and support center. Appropriates funds for the center's establishment. Effective 12/31/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Intoxicating Liquor.. Description: Restricts the sale of liquor under temporary liquor licenses to confined and demarcated spaces not located on public streets, roads, sidewalks, or pedestrian walkways. Applies restrictions to temporary liquor licenses granted to nonprofit organizations. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Jurors.. Description: Clarifies that a prospective juror is disqualified to serve as a juror if they have been convicted of a felony and have not been finally discharged, in addition to not being pardoned. Effective 1/1/2024. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii enrolled a bill titled: Proposing An Amendment To The Hawaii State Constitution Regarding The Freedom Of Speech.. Description: Proposes an amendment to the Hawaii State Constitution to provide that freedom of speech protected under the Hawaii State Constitution does not include the expenditure of money to influence elections. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Limitations Of Actions.. Description: Clarifies that no statute of repose shall affect a condominium association's right of action against a condominium developer sooner than two years after the period of developer control terminates.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Taxation.. Description: Eliminates the home mortgage interest deduction for second homes under Hawaii income tax law. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Pedestrians.. Description: Authorizes pedestrians to act contrary to the statewide traffic code when a reasonably careful pedestrian would determine that there is no immediate danger of a collision with a moving vehicle. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii enrolled a bill titled: Proposing Amendments To Article Iv, Sections 4 And 6, Of The Hawaii State Constitution Regarding Reapportionment.. Description: Proposes a constitutional amendment to specify that reapportionment shall be based on the resident population, as counted in the decennial United States census for the respective reapportionment year, rather than the permanent resident population. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The Residential Landlord-tenant Code.. Description: Beginning 5/1/2024, allows a landlord or landlord's agent to charge an application screening fee for certain applicants at the time a rental application is processed for a dwelling unit; requires the landlord or landlord's agent to provide a receipt for payment of the application screening fee and a breakdown of the fee; and requires the landlord or landlord's agent to return any unauthorized fee amounts to the applicant. Requires the office of consumer protection to produce and make available informational materials and publicize requirements regarding application fees and related rights and obligations. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Temporary Restraining Orders.. Description: Authorizes the family courts to allow petitioners to attend TRO hearings remotely upon request. Requires the courts to consider certain factors. Requires the courts to allow petitioners who allege domestic abuse to attend TRO hearings remotely. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Land Use Commission.. Description: Specifies that a simple majority of affirmative votes of the members of the Land Use Commission present at a meeting and qualified to vote is required for any boundary amendment. Reduces the number of days by when the Land Use Commission must act for certain actions related to amendments to district boundaries. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The School Facilities Authority.. Description: Authorizes the School Facilities Authority to partner with public and private agencies to develop housing on or off campus for teachers, educators, and staff and develop classrooms. Authorizes the School Facilities Authority to request any state or county agency to render services to the Authority. Authorizes the School Facilities Authority to contract to manage the leasing and property management of housing projects or transfer the property to another public agency. Authorizes the School Facilities Authority to transfer appropriated funds to partner state agencies for the development of housing and classrooms, subject to approval by the Governor. Appropriates funds out of the School Facilities Special Fund to be expended by the School Facilities Authority for the construction of housing and classrooms. Authorizes the School Facilities Authority to adopt administrative rules to lease vacant housing. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The Uniform Parentage Act.. Description: Requires the Department of the Attorney General to convene a task force to recommend amendments to update existing parentage laws that reflect outdated concepts of families, parenthood, conception and gestation, and parental rights. Requires an interim and final report to the Legislature. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Invasive Species.. Description: Appropriates funds to the Division of Forestry and Wildlife of the Department of Land and Natural Resources to coordinate the removal of hazardous albizia trees that potentially threaten public and private land. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Tax Credit For Research Activities.. Description: Adds a cap for the amount of tax credits for research activities that an eligible taxpayer and the taxpayer's related entities may receive per taxable year. Requires a qualified high technology business to be registered to do business in the State and be a small business in order to be eligible for the tax credit. Consolidates the survey and certification requirements for tax credits for research activities. Amends the annual aggregate cap on tax credits for research activities that the Department of Business, Economic Development, and Tourism may certify. Requires certification of the tax credits for research activities on a first-come, firstserved basis to be based on the date that a complete application is received, subject to certain conditions. Extends from 12/31/2024, to 12/31/2029, the sunset date for tax credits for research activities. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Consumer Data Protection.. Description: Establishes a framework to regulate controllers and processors with access to personal consumer data. Establishes penalties. Establishes a new consumer privacy special fund. Appropriates moneys. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Traffic Infractions.. Description: Establishes a Traffic Fines Task Force that will examine the Finnish tiered traffic fines system, determine whether a similar system could be implemented in Hawaii, and provide recommendations as to how a system could best be implemented. Appropriates funds. Effective 3/22/2075. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Medical Cannabis.. Description: Defines "waiting room" within a medical cannabis retail dispensing location and clarifies public access to the waiting room. Adds or clarifies requirements for the dispensary program related to signage, permitted types of manufactured cannabis products, supervision of certain personnel while onsite at retail dispensing locations or medical cannabis production centers, annual reporting requirements for DOH, and DOH's education and training program. Clarifies penalties for violations. Establishes the medical cannabis cultivation site registry and imposes fees. Amends the uses of the medical cannabis registry and regulation special fund. Prohibits the cultivation, production, manufacture, possession, distribution, handling, or dispensation of medical cannabis except by specific persons or entities. Restricts the number of qualifying patients who may use a grow site to twenty, unless an exemption is obtained from DOH. Prohibits the use or receipt of cannabis as compensation for acting as a primary caregiver to a qualifying patient. Establishes annual reporting requirements for DOH regarding the medical cannabis patient registry program. Requires a report from DBEDT. Makes various housekeeping amendments. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Green Transportation Infrastructure.. Description: Establishes green infrastructure objectives and policies for transportation systems, infrastructure, and projects. Establishes the green transportation infrastructure task force to examine, evaluate, and develop policies for the design, implementation, and maintenance of green transportation infrastructure. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Disposal Of Solid Waste.. Description: Subjects to forfeiture any vehicle used in the commission of felony disposal of solid waste or petty misdemeanor disposal of solid waste. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Transportation.. Description: Requires the Department of Accounting and General Services to collaborate with the Department of Transportation to develop, implement, administer, and manage a program to enable parking stall sharing among public employees of the State and a pilot project to provide bicycle storage lockers at facilities where parking is made available to public employees. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Student Transportation.. Description: Requires the department of education and state public charter school commission to collect certain data on county bus pass usage for public high school and charter high school students. Requires annual reports to the Legislature. Appropriates funds to the department of education and to the state public charter school commission to provide public high school and charter high school students with bus passes. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Transportation.. Description: Requires rental vehicle companies using state facilities to pay or reimburse the State to construct new or use existing state electric vehicle charging infrastructure at those facilities, beginning January 1, 2028. Establishes a task force to develop a plan to implement electric vehicle charging infrastructure to support one hundred per cent electric vehicle rental car fleets in the State by 2035. Requires annual reports to the Legislature until the task force ends. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Health.. Description: Establishes the offense of unlawful shipment of tobacco products. Includes electronic smoking devices and e-liquids under the definition of "tobacco products" for purposes of the cigarette tax and tobacco tax law. Amends the license and permit fees for wholesalers, dealers, and retailers. Beginning 1/1/2024, imposes an excise tax on each electronic smoking device or e-liquid sold, used, or possessed by a wholesaler or dealer. Repeals the electronic smoking device retailer registration unit under the department of the attorney general. Repeals provisions governing delivery sales. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii enrolled a bill titled: Proposing An Amendment To Article Vi, Section 3, Of The Hawaii State Constitution To Increase The Mandatory Retirement Age For State Justices And Judges.. Description: Proposes a constitutional amendment to increase the mandatory retirement age for justices and judges from 70 to 75 years of age. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Independent Legal Counsel.. Description: Allows the Department of Hawaiian Home Lands to retain independent legal counsel where the opposing party to the reasonably anticipated litigation is the State or another state agency. Provides that fees owed to independent legal counsel shall be paid by the State. Effective 3/22/2075. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Health Care Education.. Description: Appropriates funds for the expansion of the certified nurse aide to practical nurse bridge program at the University of Hawaii Maui college, including funding for instructional costs and student aid. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Public-private Partnerships For The Delivery Of Health Care Services.. Description: Expands the definition of "private entity" to include business organizations that are authorized to transact business in the State, including nonprofit management entities that have a certificate of need or license to operate one or more community hospitals or hospitals serving a rural population licensed under the laws of any state. Beginning 1/1/2024, require the chief executive officer of the Hawaii health systems corporation to provide written comments to the governor before the State enters into any new agreement with a private entity or modifies or terminates any existing agreement to transfer the right and responsibility to manage, operate and otherwise provide health care services at one or more facilities of the Maui regional system. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Emergency Powers.. Description: Requires the Governor to ensure continued operation of medical facilities upon declaration of a state of emergency or local state of emergency and during times of health or pandemic emergencies. Allows hospitals to suspend elective surgeries during the period of emergency to address the facility's bed capacity. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The Early Learning Board.. Description: Amends the composition and qualifications of the Early Learning Board to consist of individuals from each county, instead of from particular entities or types of providers. Establishes general qualifications for the members of the Early Learning Board appointed by the Governor. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Early Learning.. Description: Appropriates funds for the preschool open doors program and executive office on early learning to expand access to preschool and to implement program changes required by previous acts. Requires DHS to provide reimbursements to providers participating in the preschool open doors program and adjust the reimbursement rates at least once every two years. Expands the types of entities from which a preschool open doors service provider may obtain accreditation. Expands the preschool open doors program and public prekindergarten program application process to eligible three-year-old children. Authorizes the preschool open doors special fund to accept federal funds. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Transportation.. Description: Establishes long-term goals for zero-emissions transportation in Hawaii and abroad to reduce and eliminate transportation emissions. Establishes the clean ground transportation working group and the interisland and clean transportation working group. Requires reports to the Hawaii Climate Change Mitigation and Adaptation Commission and the Legislature. Effective 7/1/2023. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Combat Sports.. Description: Establishes the combat sports commission of Hawaii. Provides for regulation of combat sports. Prohibits no rules combat or similar contests. Appropriates funds. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The General Excise Tax.. Description: Exempts medical and dental services provided by health care providers to patients who receive Medicaid, Medicare, or TRICARE benefits from the general excise tax. Applies to taxable years beginning after 12/31/2023. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Telehealth.. Description: Temporarily allows for the reimbursement of services provided through telehealth via an interactive telecommunications system and two-way, real-time audio-only communications in certain circumstances. Defines "interactive telecommunications system". Effective 12/31/2050. Repeals 12/31/2025. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Homelessness.. Description: Requires the Department of Hawaiian Home Lands to establish the native Hawaiian supportive housing pilot program on the Leeward Coast of Oahu to provide individual or shared micro housing units and services to native Hawaiian beneficiaries who are homeless, or threatened with homelessness, and on the Department of Hawaiian Home Lands waiting list. Appropriates funds. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Mental Health.. Description: Appropriates funds to hire complex-based licensed behavioral health specialists for Hawaii's rural public schools. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Vehicle Weight Taxes.. Description: Amends the vehicle weight tax exemption for noncommercial vehicles by adding an exemption for certain veterans. Takes effect 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Speed Limits.. Description: Clarifies that the engineering study required prior to the setting of a maximum speed limit shall not apply to reductions of maximum speed limits.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Employment Earnings.. Description: Requires certain job listings to include an hourly rate or salary range. Prohibits an employer from discriminating between employees because of any protected category established under state law, by paying wages to employees in an establishment at a rate less than the rate at which the employer pays wages to other employees in the establishment for substantially similar work. Effective 1/1/2024. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Dam And Appurtenance Safety.. Description: Establishes the Dam and Appurtenance Improvement or Removal Grant Program for plans, design, construction, and equipment that is used to improve or remove deficient dams and appurtenances as determined by the Department of Land and Natural Resources. Specifies eligibility requirements for dam and appurtenance improvement or removal grants. Appropriates funds. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Fresh Water Security.. Description: Establishes within the Commission on Water Resource Management a water security working group to study and recommend, for legislative consideration and approval, priority capital improvement projects, including funding and financing strategies for each project, that leverage public-private investment to increase Hawaii's water security. Makes an appropriation. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Beaches.. Description: Includes in the State's policies for the physical environment under the Hawaii State Planning Act, the promotion of statewide beach assessments and beach and shoreline adaptation, restoration, and conservation and the pursuit of compatible relationships among activities, facilities, Native Hawaiian traditional practices mauka to makai, and natural resources. Appropriates funds to the Office of Planning and Sustainable Development for the development of a statewide beach assessment study and shoreline adaptation, restoration, and conservation plan. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii enrolled a bill titled: Proposing Amendments To The Constitution Of The State Of Hawaii To Amend The Manner In Which Justices And Judges Are Appointed, Consented To, And Retained.. Description: Proposes amendments to the Constitution of the State of Hawaii relating to the appointment of justices and judges. Changes certain time periods for the appointment and senate consent to a justice or judge. Mirrors the appointment and senate consent procedure for district court judges with the appointment and senate consent procedure for supreme court justices and intermediate court of appeals and circuit court judges. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Elections.. Description: Requires the Office of Elections to prepare a digital voter information guide; post the guide on its website in compliance with certain accessibility standards; and mail each ballot with a notice that states a voter information guide may be found on its website. Requires the Attorney General and county corporation counsels to draft explanations of proposed constitutional or charter amendment ballot questions and translate them into certain languages for purposes of the digital voter information guide. Appropriates funds. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Electronic Citations.. Description: Establishes a statewide electronic citation program within the Judiciary. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Public Parking Spaces.. Description: Effective January 1, 2025, requires all state- or county-owned parking lots in the State that contain public paid parking spaces to accept payment of parking fees by credit card and debit card. Requires all state- or county-owned parking meters in the State that collect parking fees for any public paid parking space to be maintained in working order to accept payment by credit card and debit card. Requires the department of accounting and general services and the counties to submit reports to the legislature. Defines motor vehicle, parking meter, and public parking space. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Transportation.. Description: Renames the State Highway Safety Council to the State Highway Safety and Modernization Council. Amends the composition and duties of the State Highway Safety and Modernization Council. Effective 7/1/2023. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Counties.. Description: Authorizes certain counties to use county surcharge on state tax revenues and fuel tax revenues for the repair and maintenance of private roadways that are open to and used by the public. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Taxation.. Description: Extends the period in which a county may adopt a surcharge on state tax, under certain conditions. Authorizes the use of the surcharge revenues for affordable and workforce housing infrastructure. Allows the counties to use surcharge revenues for housing infrastructure, including roadways, water, and sewer. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Tax Increment Bonds.. Description: Conforms county debt limit statements law to permit counties to exclude tax increment bonds from the debt limit of the counties if a constitutional amendment authorizing the use of tax increment bonds and excluding tax increment bonds from determinations of the Counties' funded debt is ratified. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Cannabis For Medical Use.. Description: Amends the definition of "cannabis" to include cannabis propagules, cuttings, and seeds. Defines "cannabis cutting" and "cannabis propagule". Requires a licensed dispensary's production center to submit to DOH an inventory of cannabis propagules, cuttings, and seeds. Requires a licensed dispensary's retail dispensing location to submit to DOH the total amount of cannabis propagules, cuttings, and seeds purchased. Allows qualifying patients, primary caregivers who are authorized to cultivate cannabis for medical use, qualifying out-of-state patients, and caregivers of qualifying out-of-state patients to purchase cannabis propagules, cuttings, and seeds from licensed dispensaries in the State under certain conditions. Establishes quantity limits and quality requirements for the dispensing of cannabis propagules, cuttings, and seeds. Requires the Department of Health to adopt rules regarding the dispensing of cannabis propagules, cuttings, and seeds. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Short-term Rentals.. Description: Prohibits bans on dwelling unit rentals having a term between one and five months for inter-island relocations and temporary workers. Authorizes county councils to adopt any ordinances necessary to implement the prohibition by 6/30/2024.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Works Of Art Special Fund.. Description: Requires the State Art Museum to provide opportunities for the counties and private organizations located in Hawaii to display art through loan arrangements with the State Foundation on Culture and the Arts under the Arts in Public Places Program. Provides that art loans to a non-museum or public institution may be subject to a fee determined by the State Foundation on Culture and the Arts. Provides that artists who reside in Hawaii receive selection preference for the Arts in Public Places Program. Requires a report to the Legislature. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Advice And Consent Of The Senate.. Description: Requires nominees for the position of Deputy Director, First Deputy, or Deputy Chair, as the case may be, of principal departments and multiple deputy directors; first deputies; deputy chairs, as the case may be, for each department that has multiple individuals who serve in the same role to be subject to the advice and consent of the Senate. Requires a person to file a disclosure of financial interest within thirty days of a person's nomination to any state position enumerated in section 84-17(d), Hawaii Revised Statutes, that is subject to the advice and consent of the Senate. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Procurement.. Description: Amends the procurement threshold for small purchases. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Activity Desks.. Description: Makes a principal of an activity desk, and all persons with an ownership interest in the activity desk, jointly and severally liable for any financial deficiency when the activity desk's client trust account is insufficient to pay consumers or activity providers. Clarifies that an activity desk, along with its principal and all persons with an ownership interest in the activity desk, shall be held liable for statutory violations and subsequent damages. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Time Share Plans.. Description: Amends the definitions of "time share interest" and "time share plan" to include any fractional ownership plan for a joint homeownership limited liability company, or any other entity. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Procurement.. Description: Requires cash or protest bonds to be returned to the initiating party, less twice the amount of the administrative costs, except in cases where the appeal was frivolous or made in bad faith. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To State Parks.. Description: Requires the Office of Planning and Sustainable Development to conduct a study of the carrying capacity of Makena State Park in Maui County. Appropriates funds. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Procurement.. Description: Prohibits a procurement officer from disclosing a competing offeror's proposal or evaluation score, except the summary of scores, during a debriefing requested by a non-selected offeror. Authorizes the disclosure of a competing offeror's proposal or evaluation score after a protest is resolved and the contract is executed. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Housing.. Description: Requires rental housing projects to maintain, in perpetuity, 50% of the project's units for certain low-income tenants in order to be eligible for the Hawaii Housing Finance and Development Corporation's rental assistance program. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Workers' Compensation.. Description: Transfers the rights, powers, functions, duties, resources, and individual budget of the Hawaii State Public Library System relating to workers' compensation for its employees from the Department of Education to the Department of Human Resources Development. Transfers one full-time equivalent permanent position from the Hawaii State Public Library System to the Department of Human Resources Development. Appropriates funds for the salary and benefits of a human resources specialist position to the Department of Human Resources Development. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Affordable Housing.. Description: Requires that Hawaii Housing Finance and Development Corporation housing projects include a restrictive covenant that states that the units designated as affordable housing, as described in the submitted project application, shall remain as affordable housing in perpetuity. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The Hawaii Community College Promise Program.. Description: Exempts University of Hawaii community college students who are enrolled in certificate programs from the requirement to complete the Free Application for Federal Student Aid each academic year to be considered eligible for the Hawaii Community College Promise Program. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Honolua Bay.. Description: Appropriates funds for the preservation and protection of Honolua bay and Lipoa point. Directs DLNR to create the Honolua bay and Lipoa point subaccount within the special land and development fund. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Energy.. Description: Requires the public utilities commission to open a docket and set a procedural schedule to determine whether and by which rules government agencies may engage in wheeling of electricity that is produced by renewable energy sources from their own facilities to another government agency's facilities, subject to certain restrictions. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Employees' Retirement System.. Description: Provides police officers who become members of the Employees' Retirement System after 6/30/2023 with retirement benefits similar to those provided for members of the Employees' Retirement System who became members before 7/1/2012, including but not limited to calculation of retirement allowance, minimum age or years of credited service requirements, and vesting period. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Active Duty Military Entitlements.. Description: Requires the State to pay, without delay, military personnel called to active duty at the same rate as their active duty counterparts and provide basic housing allowance. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Civil Air Patrol.. Description: Appropriates funds for civilian auxiliary aviation services of the type performed by the civil air patrol. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The Renewal Of Driver's Licenses.. Description: Allows for the renewal of driver's licenses online in addition to by mail. Effective 7/1/2025. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii enrolled a bill titled: Proposing An Amendment To The Hawaii State Constitution To Protect Individual Reproductive Rights.. Description: Proposes a constitutional amendment to protect an individual's reproductive freedom in their most intimate decisions, including the right to abortion and contraceptives. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Vehicles.. Description: Prohibits a person from causing a diesel- or gas-powered vehicle to discharge clearly visible smoke, soot, or other exhaust emissions onto another person or motor vehicle. Establishes a minimum $500 fine for violators. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Campaign Finance.. Description: Prohibits foreign entities and foreign-influenced business entities from making contributions, expenditures, electioneering communications, or donations for election purposes. Requires every business entity that contributes or expends funds in a state election to file a statement of certification regarding its limited foreign influence. Requires noncandidate committees making only independent expenditures to obtain a statement of certification from each top contributor required to be listed in an advertisement. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Ethics.. Description: Increases the post-employment restriction for former legislators from twelve months to twenty-four months.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Campaign Finance.. Description: Requires candidates, or the treasurer of their candidate committee, to file a preliminary campaign finance report on February 28 of the year of a general election. Effective 1/1/2026. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Transit-oriented Development.. Description: Appropriates funds to the Hawaii Community Development Authority for statewide planning, designing, and constructing of various transit-oriented development projects identified in the state strategic plan for transit-oriented development. Authorizes the Hawaii Community Development Authority, with the approval of the Governor, to delegate to other state departments or agencies implementation authority of certain projects. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Boards And Commissions.. Description: Clarifies that the authorization for board and commission holdover members to continue in office until a successor is nominated and appointed, but not beyond the end of the second regular legislative session following the expiration of the member's term of office, takes precedence over all conflicting statutes concerning holdover members. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The University Of Hawaii.. Description: Designates the Vice President for Budget and Finance and Chief Financial Officer of the University of Hawaii as the Chief Procurement Officer for the University and appropriates funds for the transition. Appropriates general obligation bond funds to University of Hawaii, Systemwide Support (UOH900) to renew, improve, and modernize facilities. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Condominiums.. Description: Requires condominium associations to register on an annual basis, rather than on a biennial basis. Adds an additional annual condominium education trust fund fee to be used to support the annual registration with attached documents of the association. Amends the documents required for condominium association registration. Broadens the list of documents an association shall maintain. Amends the requirements and procedures for a condominium association to provide association documents to unit owners. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Deposits Of Public Funds.. Description: Requires the Director of Finance to consider, prior to the selection of a depository for the state treasury, the beneficial effects to the State of using depositories within the State, including but not limited to lending at favorable terms for the creation of certain affordable housing units. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Campaign Finance.. Description: Prohibits any campaign website for any candidate or candidate committee from containing information or manipulating content in any manner that is designed to induce a noncandidate committee to use that content to make expenditures supporting the candidate or candidate committee in a manner suggested by the candidate or candidate committee based on a reasonable person standard. Requires the Campaign Spending Commission to adopt rules. Takes effect 03/22/2075. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Healthcare Preceptors.. Description: Amends the preceptor tax credit law to expand access to the program and to make it easier for preceptors to access tax credits under the program. Adds the Director of Health to the preceptor credit assurance committee. Effective 12/31/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Public Office.. Description: Prohibits persons convicted of certain felony offenses against public administration from becoming a candidate for or holding public office for ten years after the person's final discharge. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Issuance Of Special Purpose Revenue Bonds To Assist Mauigrown Coffee, Inc.. Description: Authorizes a new issuance of special purpose revenue bonds in the amount of $30 million, to assist MauiGrown Coffee, Inc. with the operation and expansion of its farm and mill. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Firearms.. Description: Prohibits firearms in certain locations and premises. Requires possession and disclosure of a license to carry. Prohibits leaving an unsecured firearm in a vehicle unattended. Prohibits consuming or being under the influence of alcohol, an intoxicating liquor, or a controlled substance when carrying a firearm. Prohibits carrying or possessing firearms on certain private property without express authorization. Requires annual reports from the department of the attorney general on carry licenses. Amends the requirements for, and revocation of, firearms permits and licenses. Amends the disqualification of persons from owning, possessing, or controlling a firearm. Expands the qualified immunity for health care providers who provide information on firearms applicants to include physician assistants and advanced practice registered nurses. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The State Library System.. Description: Authorizes the State Librarian, with approval from the Board of Education, to impose and collect rates, rents, fees, fines and charges for the use of state library facilities and revise rates, rents, fees, and charges as necessary without regard to chapter 91, Hawaii Revised Statutes. Sunsets 6/30/2028. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Office Of Hawaiian Affairs.. Description: Establishes a temporary public land trust working group within the Office of the Governor for administrative purposes only. Provides that the working group's sole purpose shall be to compile a definitive inventory of public land trust lands. Authorizes the working group to hire staff. Appropriates moneys to the Office of Hawaiian Affairs to be used for making repairs to bulkheads and revetments located in certain parcels conveyed to the Office and for certain construction costs for the development of Kukaniloko. Requires and appropriates moneys for the Office of Hawaiian Affairs to conduct a programmatic environmental impact statement for any development projects within the Kakaako Makai area of the public land trust. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Hawaii Film Industry.. Description: Establishes the Hawaii Film Commission in the Department of Business, Economic Development, and Tourism. Amends the administration and extends the sunset date of the motion picture, digital media, and film production income tax credit to 1/1/2038. Establishes a new film studio tax credit. Requests and appropriates funds for the Auditor to conduct a performance and financial audit of the Hawaii State Film Office. Transfers all rights, powers, functions, and duties of the Hawaii State Film Office to the Hawaii Film Commission. Appropriates funds for one fulltime equivalent executive director position within the Hawaii Film Commission. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Government.. Description: Specifies that a public servant convicted of the offense of bribery shall be sentenced to pay a fine of up to $250,000, in addition to a sentence of imprisonment or probation. Requires the Commission on Salaries to consider certain factors to retain qualified individuals and deter corruption and bribery. Amends the effective dates of recommended salary increases. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Waste-to-energy.. Description: Requires the Hawaii State Energy Office to enter into a publicprivate partnership to develop a waste-to-energy generating facility. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The Kaiwi Coast.. Description: Requires the Department of Land and Natural Resources to petition the Board of Land and Natural Resources to designate certain lands as the "Kaiwi Coast State Park". Establishes certain conditions for the Kaiwi Coast State Park. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Department Of Land And Natural Resources.. Description: Requires the Department of Land and Natural Resources to develop and implement a management system for the Kaena point state park, Makua, and Keawaula regions. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Commercial Fishing.. Description: Authorizes the Department of Land and Natural Resources to establish limited-entry commercial fisheries for fisheries that are not subject to federal fisheries regulations, when appropriate or necessary to ensure sustainable fisheries for two species of fish -- uhu and kala. Requires the Department to obtain community feedback and report annually to the Legislature. Sunsets 6/30/2028. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Protective Orders.. Description: Expands the jurisdiction for where petitions for domestic abuse protective orders and temporary restraining orders may be filed. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Agricultural Lands.. Description: Makes technical changes to the statutory definitions of "agricultural enterprise lands" and "non-agricultural park lands" for clarification and consistency purposes. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Making Appropriations For Claims Against The State, Its Officers, Or Its Employees.. Description: Makes appropriations and approves payments for claims against the State, its officers, and its employees. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Funding For The Department Of The Attorney General Tobacco Enforcement Unit.. Description: Increases and stabilizes the amount of funding for the tobacco enforcement special fund within the Department of the Attorney General by: (1) increasing the amount of funds that the tobacco enforcement special fund may carry over at the end of the fiscal year; (2) increasing the cigarette tax stamp fee and concurrently increasing the percentage of the cigarette tax stamp fee deposited to the tobacco enforcement special fund; and (3) amending the amount of funds to be deposited in the tobacco enforcement special fund from the Hawaii tobacco settlement special fund. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Hawaii Community Development Authority.. Description: Increases options to build affordable housing by allowing the Hawaii community development authority to conduct a pilot program to lease real property for one project in the Kakaako community development district for a term of ninety-nine years. Requires reports to legislature. Repeals 6/30/2122. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Department Of Business, Economic Development, And Tourism.. Description: Makes an appropriation to the Department of Business, Economic Development, and Tourism for expenses related to building renovations. Effective 1/6/2050. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Sea Level Rise Adaptation.. Description: Requires the Office of Planning and Sustainable Development, in cooperation with each state agency having operational responsibilities over state facilities to develop a standardized process to conduct vulnerability assessments for facilities at risk from sea level rise and guidance to agencies on how to conduct the vulnerability assessments for their facilities. Makes an appropriation. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii enrolled a bill titled: Proposing Amendments To Article Vii, Sections 12 And 13, Of The Hawaii Constitution To Expressly Provide That The Legislature May Authorize The Counties To Issue Tax Increment Bonds And To Exclude Tax Increment Bonds From Determinations Of The Funded Debt Of The Counties.. Description: Proposes amendments to the Constitution of the State of Hawaii to expressly provide that the legislature may authorize, by general law, political subdivisions, such as counties, to issue tax increment bonds and to exclude tax increment bonds in calculating the debt limit of the political subdivisions. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Designated Economic Development District.. Description: Establishes the Hawaii Economic Development District Planning Organization and governing board within the Department of Business, Economic Development, and Tourism. Designates the Office of Planning and Sustainable Development to organize the Hawaii Economic Development District Planning Organization. Establishes full-time equivalent temporary, exempt positions. Makes an appropriation. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Hawaii Technology Development Corporation.. Description: Establishes a public policy framework that addresses state goals in the area of economic diversification. Appropriates funds to the Hawaii Technology Development Corporation to implement specific projects that address those goals. Requires the Hawaii Technology Development Corporation to submit annual reports to the Legislature. Authorizes the Hawaii Technology Development Corporation to temporarily re-establish the Hawaii Office of Naval Research Grant Program to provide fifty per cent matching grants to Hawaii awardees of alternative energy research grants from the Department of Defense Office of Naval Research. Establishes the Alternative Energy Research and Development Revolving Fund. Appropriates moneys into and out of the revolving fund. Amends the composition of the Hawaii Technology Development Corporation Board of Directors to include the Chairperson of the Board of Regents of the University of Hawaii, unless the Chairperson, with the approval of the Board of Regents, designates another Regent to serve. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Public Employment Cost Items.. Description: Provides appropriations for collective bargaining cost items for the members of bargaining unit (5) and their excluded counterparts, including the cost of salary adjustments negotiated between the State and the bargaining unit representative for fiscal biennium 2023-2025. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Repeal Of Act 192, Session Laws Of Hawaii 2007.. Description: Repeals Act 192, Session Laws of Hawaii 2007, which requires the employees' retirement system to divest itself of investments in companies that provide support for genocide in Darfur, Sudan, and provide annual reports to the legislature on the status of divestment. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The Hawaii Employer-union Health Benefits Trust Fund.. Description: Enables the board of trustees of the Hawaii Employer-Union Health Benefits Trust Fund to establish appropriate salaries for the Administrator and Chief Investment Officer of the Trust Fund. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The Hawaii Employer-union Health Benefits Trust Fund Spousal Medicare Part B Premium Reimbursement.. Description: Amends section 87A-23, Hawaii Revised Statutes, to exclude medicare reimbursement by the State and counties for the spouses of retired employees hired after 6/30/2023. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The Hawaii Employer-union Health Benefits Trust Fund Medicare Part B Premium Reimbursement.. Description: Excludes state and county retired employees hired after 6/30/2023, and their spouses from receiving reimbursements for Medicare income-related monthly adjustment amounts as part of their Medicare Part B reimbursement payments. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Broadband.. Description: Transfers the Hawaii broadband and digital equity office from the department of business, economic development, and tourism to the office of the lieutenant governor on a temporary, four-year basis. Appropriates general funds to provide required matching funds for the Broadband Equity, Access, and Deployment Program. Appropriates funds received by the State from the Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act for the Broadband Equity, Access, and Deployment Program. Requires the office of the lieutenant governor to convene and lead the working group established pursuant to Act 231, Session Laws of Hawaii 2022. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Money Transmitters Modernization Act.. Description: Aligns Hawaii's money transmitters law with the provisions of the Model Money Transmitters Modernization Act, thereby enabling Hawaii to work within a network of states to license, supervise, and examine transglobal money transmission companies as a multi-state system. Enables timely, coordinated, and efficient regulation of money transmission companies to achieve financial stability and economic growth, while providing consumer protection. Allows the State to share resources, data, and technology tools with other states to create a stronger multi-state system of financial regulation. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The Use Of Electronic Filing By The Public Utilities Commission.. Description: Authorizes the Public Utilities Commission to use electronic filing processes, including electronic service of documents, under the statutory chapters regulating public utilities, motor carriers, and water carriers. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Emergency Management.. Description: Clarifies that emergency management powers must be consistent with the state constitution. Clarifies the scope of the Comprehensive Emergency Management Plan. Clarifies the powers of the Governor and mayors to extend or terminate a state of emergency or local state of emergency, respectively. Delineates allowable uses of Major Disaster Fund moneys. Amends the amount of additional funds that may be made available for the purpose of matching federal disaster relief fund. Shortens the duration of price control periods from 96 hours to 72 hours. Defines "severe warning" to recognize that entities other than the National Weather Service may issue warnings that may require the activation of the emergency management system. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The Practice Of Behavior Analysis.. Description: Reinstates the exemption from the behavior analyst licensing requirements for certain teachers working in collaboration with a licensed behavior analyst or licensed psychologist. Expands the exemption for registered behavior technicians to implement applied behavior analysis services under the direction of a licensed psychologist. Reinstates the exemption from the behavior analyst licensing requirements for individuals who implement applied behavior analysis services to participants in the Medicaid home and community-based services waiver program. Requires the Department of Education to report to the Legislature on the implementation of Medicaid reimbursements for applied behavior analysis services. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Educational Health Services.. Description: Replaces the term "school health aides" with "school health assistants" to reflect recent changes to the job title. Allows the administration of medication to public school students by school health assistants with the approval of a health care professional within the Department of Education, Department of Health, or a health care service pursuant to a written agreement with the Department of Education. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Infant And Early Childhood Mental Health.. Description: Establishes the infant and early childhood mental health program within the department of health to provide and coordinate mental health services for children from birth up to age five. Appropriates funds for the establishment of the program, including for an unspecified number of permanent full-time equivalent (FTE) positions. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Housing.. Description: Adds a definition for "affordable housing" and amends the definition of "historic property" used in the State's historic preservation program. Allows the State Historic Preservation Division to contract its historic reviews to third-party consultants under certain conditions, including that the project is being undertaken to provide affordable housing and the project proponent pays for the department to contract the consultant. Sunsets 7/1/2028. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Historic Preservation Reviews.. Description: Authorizes the Department of Hawaiian Home Lands to assume historic preservation review of the effect of any proposed project for lands under its jurisdiction except for projects affecting properties listed or nominated for inclusion in the Hawaii register of historic places or the national register of historic places or located in a designated historic district. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Affordable Housing On Hawaiian Home Lands.. Description: Extends the sunset dates for the issuance of county affordable housing credits to the Department of Hawaiian Home Lands pursuant to Act 141, Session Laws of Hawaii 2009, as amended, and Act 98, Session Laws of Hawaii 2012, as amended, to 7/1/2030. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Licenses To Solemnize Marriages.. Description: Establishes a standard license to solemnize marriages, valid for one year from the date of issuance. Establishes a short-term license to solemnize marriages, valid for sixty days from the date of issuance. Establishes a fee of $100 per year for the issuance of a standard license. Establishes a fee of $25 per sixty-day period for a short-term license. Specifies in what amount and to which fund license fees shall be deposited. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The Executive Office On Aging.. Description: Clarifies the definitions of "caregiver support services", "kupuna care services", and "respite care". (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The Executive Office On Aging Administrative Claiming Special Fund.. Description: Clarifies the allowable revenues to be deposited into the Executive Office on Aging Administrative Claiming Special Fund and the purposes for which the fund may be used. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Water Pollution Control.. Description: Revises chapter 342D, Hawaii Revised Statutes, to add definitions that are consistent with federal Clean Water Act regulations. Clarifies the Director of Health's role as a certifying agency including enforcement of water quality certifications, and increases certain statutory civil penalties. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Unlicensed Care Homes.. Description: Clarifies that any person, corporation, or entity is prohibited from knowingly referring or transferring patients to an uncertified or unlicensed care facility. Repeals the landlord exclusion. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Penalties For Unlicensed Care Homes.. Description: Clarifies the penalty to be assessed on any person who intentionally operates a care facility without a certificate or license. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The Repeal Of Section 328-106, Hawaii Revised Statutes.. Description: Repeals section 328-106, Hawaii Revised Statutes, which requires the Department of Health to regulate business practices between private entities engaged in the selling, billing, and reimbursement of pharmaceuticals. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The Hawaii Employment Security Law.. Description: Creates the Unemployment Insurance Technology Special Fund to be funded by an unemployment insurance technology assessment at a rate of a .01 per cent of taxable wages to support the information technology operating and maintenance expenses for the payment of benefits and contributions under Hawaii's employment security law. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Workforce Development.. Description: Amends chapter 202, Hawaii Revised Statutes, to be consistent with the General Appropriations Act of 2021, Act 88, Session Laws of Hawaii 2021. Renames "Hawaii workforce development council" to "Hawaii workforce development board". Requires the Hawaii workforce development board and local workforce development boards to develop written conflict of interest policies consistent with federal law and regulations. Requires the governor to select the chairperson of the board from among the seventeen private sector members. Requires the Hawaii workforce development board to assist the governor in coordinating local workforce development boards to improve the workforce development system. Repeals the requirement for the department of labor and industrial relations to submit an annual report to the legislature on the activities of the k-12 agriculture workforce development pipeline initiative. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Wage And Hour Law.. Description: Expands the coverage of employees and employers covered under the minimum wage, overtime, and recordkeeping requirements of chapter 387, Hawaii Revised Statutes, by deleting from the definition of "employee" employees guaranteed a monthly compensation of $2,000 or more. Effective 1/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Declaration Of Water Shortage And Emergency.. Description: Clarifies the conditions, manner, and areas in which the Commission on Water Resource Management of the Department of Land and Natural Resources can declare water shortages and emergencies. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Real Property Disclosures Within Shoreline Areas.. Description: Requires mandatory disclosure of all existing permitted and unpermitted shoreline erosion control structures and the annual coastal erosion rates for shoreline properties in real estate transactions when publicly available. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Administrative Penalties On Public Lands.. Description: Authorizes the Board of Land and Natural Resources to place a lien on property for noncompliance with certain administrative enforcement actions related to land use violations and certain unauthorized structures encroaching on public lands. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Uniform Controlled Substances Act.. Description: Amends section 4 of Act 153, Session Laws of Hawaii 2018, to make permanent the requirements under section 329-38.2, Hawaii Revised Statutes, to check the electronic prescription accountability system in certain situations as enumerated.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Conformity To The Internal Revenue Code.. Description: Conforms Hawaii income and estate and generation-skipping transfer tax laws to the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended as of December 31, 2022. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Capital Advancement Contracts.. Description: Increases the total contract value and total aggregate value of capital advancement contracts entered into by the department of transportation for harbor improvements. Requires reports to the legislature. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Aeronautics.. Description: Authorizes the department of transportation airports division to demand and collect reimbursement from any airport contractor, tenant, or user for the entire amount of fines and penalties levied for the violation of federal, state, or county laws related to environmental protection or the United States Department of Homeland Security. Allows the department of transportation airports division to enter into a capital advancement contract with a private party for certain public improvement or construction projects at Hawaii's airports under certain circumstances. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Commercial Motor Vehicle Weight Limits.. Description: Requires vehicle weights to be consistent with federal weight limits with respect to legal limits for gross vehicle weight and axle loads traveling on all public roadways. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Drug And Alcohol Toxicology Testing Laboratory.. Description: Amends the name and administration of the drug and alcohol toxicology testing laboratory special fund. Appropriates funds. Requires a report to the legislature. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The University Of Hawaii Resident Tuition Fee.. Description: Requires the University of Hawaii to grant resident tuition fees for enrollment at any University of Hawaii campus to individuals who have graduated from a Hawaii high school and are enrolling in an undergraduate degree program, under certain conditions. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The University Of Hawaii.. Description: Exempts certain University of Hawaii contracts involving research and training from the Hawaii Public Procurement Code and requires the Board of Regents to develop internal policies and procedures for those procurements. Repeals the requirement that the Board of Regents develop internal policies and procedures for the procurement of construction. Authorizes the University of Hawaii President to delegate procurement authority for research and training to the University's Vice President for Research and Innovation. Requires the Board of Regents to submit reports to the Legislature. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The University Of Hawaii.. Description: Requires the University of Hawaii to submit annual reports of all university employees who performed work from a location outside of the State during the applicable year to the legislature no later than December 31 of that year. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Government Accountability.. Description: Requires any report of a study or an audit enacted with a legislative appropriation or adopted by concurrent resolution to be submitted to the President of the Senate, Speaker of the House of Representatives, the chairs of the appropriate subject matter committee of each house, and the Legislative Reference Bureau library. Requires a public hearing or informational briefing within 1 year of receipt of the report, except under certain circumstances. Requires a public hearing or informational briefing within 1 year of the publication of the performance audit reports. Exempts financial and other regularly occurring audits. Requires state departments and agencies to submit a report to the Legislature containing certain information regarding new, funded state programs within 1 year of the date on which the program's enabling Act became law. Effective 7/1/2112. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Climate Change.. Description: Requires the Hawaii Community Development Authority to consider the impacts of climate change, sea level rise, and climate-resilient development in the design and siting of buildings in the Kakaako and Kalaeloa community development districts. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Noise Pollution.. Description: Establishes that a person's conduct that produces, or causes to be produced, noise exceeding a certain decibel level during night time hours in any area zoned as residential or mixed-use residential is an unreasonable noise that constitutes the offense of disorderly conduct. Appropriates funds for enforcement. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Pass-through Entity Taxation.. Description: Authorizes certain pass-through entities to elect to pay Hawaii income tax at the entity level. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Ohana Zones.. Description: Establishes positions within the Office of the Governor to be responsible for the deployment of the capital improvement funds appropriated by this Act. Appropriates funds for the ohana zones pilot program for expenses relating to operations, upkeep of facilities, provision of services, administrative costs, and the construction of facilities. Makes the ohana zones pilot program a government assistance program for purposes of a general excise tax exemption. Specifies that certain exemptions shall apply to the ohana zone construction. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Tobacco Products.. Description: Repeals existing law that preempted local ordinances or regulations that regulate the sale of cigarettes, tobacco products, and electronic smoking devices and nullified and voided any conflicting local laws and regulations. Allows counties to adopt ordinances that regulate the sale of cigarettes, tobacco products, and electronic smoking devices that do not conflict with and are more stringent than the state law that govern smoking. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Psilocybin.. Description: Establishes the Therapeutic Psilocybin Working Group within the Department of Health. Requires the working group to examine the medicinal and therapeutic effects of psilocybin or psilocybinbased products on mental health, report to the Legislature before the Regular Session of 2025, and dissolve on 6/30/2025. Appropriates funds. Effective 12/31/2050. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Issuance Of Special Purpose Revenue Bonds To Honokaa Land Company, Llc.. Description: Authorizes the issuance of special purpose revenue bonds to assist Honokaa Land Company, LLC, with acquiring, developing, and renovating agricultural facilities. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Issuance Of Special Purpose Revenue Bonds To Assist Kohala Mountain Fish Company, Llc.. Description: Authorizes the issuance of special purpose revenue bonds to assist Kohala Mountain Fish Company, LLC, in establishing The Village project. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Procurement.. Description: Allows agencies to rank fewer than three persons for professional services when fewer than three qualified persons respond to the solicitation or request to use alternative procurement procedures when no qualified person responds to the solicitation. Effective 7/1/2112. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Right Of Entry For Professional Surveyors.. Description: Authorizes professional land surveyors, and any assistant under the direct supervision of the professional land surveyor, to enter any private property to perform land surveying, subject to certain provisions regarding notice, objections, and identification. Shields professional land surveyors and their assistants from prosecution under criminal trespass laws when performing their duties. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The First Responders Technology Campus And Cybersecurity Data Center.. Description: Appropriates funds for the development of the First Responders Technology Campus and Cybersecurity Data Center. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Corrections.. Description: Requires the Department of Public Safety to install digital cameras in all guard control rooms of any correctional center housing women. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Behavioral Health Services.. Description: Appropriates funds for the expansion and enhancement of the suicide crisis hotline and crisis management services provided by contracted service providers through the Hawaii Coordinated Access Resource Entry System (CARES) Crisis Helpline; expansion and enhancement of the crisis mobile outreach services provided by contracted service providers through the Hawaii CARES Crisis Helpline; expansion of licensed crisis residential shelter services provided by contracted service providers through the Hawaii CARES Crisis Helpline; expansion of bed stabilization services provided by contracted service providers through the Hawaii CARES Crisis Helpline; and expansion of certified community behavioral health clinics with services coordinated through the Hawaii CARES crisis helpline. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Health.. Description: Requires DOH, DHS, and DOE to research rules, policies, and plan amendments necessary to ensure that medically necessary services, including applied behavior analysis services, for individuals twenty-six years of age or younger with neurodevelopmental disorders, including autism spectrum disorder and fetal alcohol spectrum disorders, are covered under the early and periodic screening, diagnostic, and treatment benefit; state special education services and programs; and the medicaid section 1915(c) home and community based waiver for individuals with intellectual and developmental disabilities. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Medicaid.. Description: Appropriates funds to the Department of Human Services for the achievement of full funding, including estimated payment increases, of Medicaid Home- and Community-Based Services. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Special Purpose Revenue Bonds.. Description: Authorizes the issuance of special purpose revenue bonds to assist West Maui Hospital Foundation, Inc. in the construction of West Maui Hospital and Medical Center in the County of Maui, including any necessary infrastructure. Requires the County of Maui to serve as guarantor of any debt service on the special purpose revenue bonds. Effective 12/31/2050. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Offensive Cybersecurity.. Description: Establishes an offensive cybersecurity program within the office of enterprise technology services to analyze and evaluate cybersecurity threats and increase cybersecurity awareness and education. Establishes a goal for all state and county agencies to identify and address vulnerabilities having a benchmark score exceeding 3.9 on the common vulnerability scoring system by 1/1/2026. Makes appropriations and authorizes the establishment of positions. Requires reports. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Aerospace Development.. Description: Establishes the Aerospace and Aeronautics Development Program within the Hawaii Technology Development Corporation. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Meat Processing.. Description: Requires the Department of Agriculture, in collaboration with the Hawaii Interagency Council on Homelessness; Department of Land and Natural Resources, Division of Forestry and Wildlife; and Department of Health, Food Safety Branch; and in consultation with the County of Maui Axis Deer Task Force, to develop and implement a plan to expand the meat processing and distribution capacity in the State to allow for meat from axis deer and other wild game to be processed for distribution by nonprofit food distribution services by 7/1/2024. Appropriates funds. Takes effect 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Livestock.. Description: Requires the University of Hawaii College of Tropical Agriculture and Human Resources, in consultation with livestock industry stakeholders, to conduct a study to assess the effects of heat stress on beef cattle during interisland ocean transportation. Requires a report. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD3)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To State Employees.. Description: Requires the attorney general to defend professionally licensed or certified state employees from civil actions or proceedings, subject to certain circumstances. Establishes certain filing and hearing requirements for when the attorney general refuses to defend a state employee. Requires that if the State refuses to defend a state employee from civil actions on certain grounds, that the State file a motion to be heard with the court. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Mental Health.. Description: Requires the department of health to track and publicly report certain data relating to crisis reports, emergency mental health transports, and court-ordered treatments. Requires the department of health to respond to reports about persons having severe mental illness who are in need of assistance, assess whether those persons may fulfill the criteria for assisted community treatment, and coordinate the process for an assisted community treatment order if indicated. Establishes that a court's denial of a petition for involuntary commitment shall serve as notification to the department of health that the person should be evaluated for assisted community treatment. Requires the department of the attorney general to assist with the preparation and filing of petitions for assisted community treatment, unless declined by the petitioner. Appropriates funds to the department of health for software and data collection and publication. Appropriates funds for statewide education and training on policies related to emergency examination and hospitalization and assisted community treatment. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Lobbyists.. Description: Prohibits, during legislative sessions and shortly before and after, lobbyist contributions and expenditures, and promises of contributions or expenditures, to any elected official, candidate, candidate committee, or individual who is required to file an organizational report with the Campaign Spending Commission. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Protection Of Taro.. Description: Prohibits the Board of Land and Natural Resources from disturbing or acquiring for development certain wetland or dryland tarogrowing lands. Establishes a taro lands classification for public lands. Permits structures for loi or mala taro fields in the agricultural district. Establishes growth and perpetuation of traditional Hawaiian crops as a goal of the Hawaii State Planning Act. Requires and appropriates funds for the Land Use Commission to create an inventory of taro lands and consult with former members of the Taro Security and Purity Task Force in the creation of the inventory. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Transportation.. Description: Authorizes the Department of Transportation to regulate the parking of shared cars at state airports. Authorizes the counties to regulate the parking utilized by shared cars. Amends the required coverage for shared cars that are made available through a peer-to-peer car-sharing program during the car-sharing period. Makes permanent peer-to-peer car-sharing insurance requirements. Effective 1/1/2024. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To A Modern Hawaii History Museum.. Description: Establishes the museum of modern Hawaii history. Establishes a task force to develop plans for the establishment, construction, and operation of the museum of modern Hawaii history. Appropriates funds. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Transportation.. Description: Authorizes the department of transportation to delay or deny approval for port entry or departure in instances when the department has received notice from a federal agency or other agency that a vessel or its crew has engaged in activity that has violated certain laws. Authorizes the department of transportation to grant approvals for use of any commercial harbor facility by a vessel in coordination with a federal agency or other agency. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Transportation.. Description: Appropriates funds to the department of transportation for bicycle and pedestrian safety. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The Judiciary.. Description: Appropriates funds for the Judiciary for the fiscal biennium beginning 7/1/2021 and ending 6/30/2023. Effective 7/1/2021. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The State Archives.. Description: Authorizes the state archives preservation and long-term access special fund to be used to preserve and provide long-term access to other materials preserved at the state archives, in addition to government records. Establishes additional funding sources for, and authorizes additional expenditures of moneys from, the state archives preservation and long-term access special fund. Appropriates funds. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To University Of Hawaii Astronomy Engineering And Instrumentation.. Description: Establishes a center for the design, development, and fabrication of astronomical instruments within the University of Hawaii. Appropriates funds for the center's planning and design and 10 full-time equivalent faculty positions within the center. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Research Corporation Of The University Of Hawaii.. Description: Clarifies the purpose of the Research Corporation of the University of Hawaii and that its undertakings shall be limited to acts that are reasonably necessary to carry out its purpose. Repeals the requirement that the University of Hawaii contract with the Research Corporation when the University determines that other various agencies cannot more effectively or efficiently accomplish certain research and training activities. Grandfathers existing Research Corporation contracts and requires new contracts be subject to new limitations. Limits the scope of the special account the Research Corporation is authorized to establish. Requires revolving accounts to follow University of Hawaii Administrative Procedure 12.204. Limits internal service orders and revolving accounts of the Research Corporation that use University intramural funds to certain projects and requires biannual reports to the Legislature. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Public Agency Meetings.. Description: Requires a Public Agency Board to report any discussion or final action taken during an executive meeting; provided that such disclosure is not inconsistent with the purpose of convening the executive meeting, but giving the Board discretion to maintain confidentiality.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Hawaii Pacific Hydrogen Hub.. Description: Requires the Department of Business, Economic Development, and Tourism to work with the University of Hawaii on workforce development activities that support the development of the Hawaii Pacific Hydrogen Hub and other related aspects of the State's hydrogen energy industry. Appropriates funds to the Department of Business, Economic Development, and Tourism for the Hawaii Pacific Hydrogen Hub. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Sustainable Land Use.. Description: Requires the Office of Planning and Sustainable Development to create an integrated land use study for the use of land within the agricultural district. Requires the Hawaii State Energy Office, Department of Agriculture, Department of Transportation, and Hawaii Tourism Authority to update various state functional plans. Appropriates funds. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Economic Development.. Description: Establishes an Office of Destination Management within the Department of Business, Economic Development, and Tourism. Requires the Office of Destination Management to implement certain county destination management action plans. Repeals the Hawaii Tourism Authority. Establishes and appropriates funds for a tourism liaison officer within the office of the governor. Appropriates funds. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The State Board Of Professional Engineers, Architects, Surveyors And Landscape Architects.. Description: Requires the State Board of Professional Engineers, Architects, Surveyors and Landscape Architects to, upon its denial of an application for licensure, provide the applicant with a written notice of denial accompanied by a written explanation describing the reasons for the Board's denial. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Address Confidentiality.. Description: Changes the governmental entity responsible for the administration of the Address Confidentiality Program from the Office of the Lieutenant Governor to the Department of Law Enforcement. Allows the Department of Law Enforcement to contract with a third party for the mail forwarding and acceptance of service of legal process aspects of the program. Appropriates funds for full-time equivalent positions, operating costs, and equipment to support the Department of Law Enforcement in administering the Address Confidentiality Program. Effective 1/1/2024. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Mental Health.. Description: Establishes the Beneficial Treatments Advisory Council to review mental health treatment information and advise the Department of Health. Effective 12/31/2050. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Culture And Arts.. Description: Establishes the Hawaii leadership awards program to honor persons from Hawaii who have made considerable and outstanding contributions to the State and who serve as an inspiration to others. Appropriates funds. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Value-added Products.. Description: Establishes a food and product innovation network within the Agribusiness Development Corporation. Appropriates moneys for food and product innovation facilities on the islands of Molokai and Oahu. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Transportation.. Description: Creates a mileage-based road usage charge to replace state motor fuel taxes beginning on 7/1/2025, for electric vehicles. Eliminates the $50 annual state vehicle registration surcharge for electric vehicles. Allows electric vehicle owners to pay a registration surcharge or a per-mile road usage fee until 6/30/2028. Requires certificates of inspection to state the odometer reading of vehicles. Requires motor vehicle registration applications to specify whether the type of fuel for which the vehicle is adapted is battery electricity. Requires the Department of Transportation to plan for the deployment of a state mileage-based road user charge program by 2033 and submit a report to the Legislature. Appropriates funds. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Transportation.. Description: Allows the director of transportation to exempt certain ground transportation facility projects from historic preservation review and the environmental impact statement law, subject to certain conditions. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Judiciary.. Description: Makes appropriations to the Judiciary for capital improvement projects for the fiscal biennium beginning 7/1/2023, and ending 6/30/2025. Effective 1/7/2059. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Voting More Than Once During An Election.. Description: Specifies that Hawaii voters are prohibited from casting more than one ballot during an election, even if one of those ballots is cast in an election outside of Hawaii. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Public Financing For Candidates To Elected Office.. Description: Establishes a comprehensive system of public financing for all candidates seeking election to state and county public offices in the State, to begin with the 2026 general election year. Requires the Campaign Spending Commission to submit a progress and final report to the Legislature. Appropriates funds. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD2)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The City And County Of Honolulu To Improve Access Of Thebus In Oahu's Rural Communities.. Description: Urging The City And County Of Honolulu To Improve Access Of Thebus In Oahu's Rural Communities.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Supportive Housing.. Description: Establishes a supportive housing pilot program in the Statewide Office on Homelessness and Housing Solutions. Appropriates funds. Requires reports to the Legislature. Effective 6/30/3000. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Invasive Species.. Description: Appropriates funds to the Department of Land and Natural Resources to support the Hawaii Ant Lab in mitigating the effects of little fire ants in the State. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Career And Technical Education.. Description: Authorizes the State Board for Career and Technical Education to cooperate with the Legislature to advise on provisions of all nonfederal funds received that are earmarked for career and technical education. Requires the State Board for Career and Technical Education, in collaboration with the Department of Business, Economic Development, and Tourism and Department of Labor and Industrial Relations, to develop and implement workforce development pathways. Amends the membership composition of the Career and Technical Education Coordinating Advisory Council. Requires annual reports to the Legislature. Appropriates funds for the development and implementation of workforce development pathways and differential pay increases for career and technical education teachers. Effective 1/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Taxation.. Description: Extends the period in which a county may adopt a surcharge on state tax, under certain conditions, from 3/31/2019 to 12/31/2023. Authorizes the use of county surcharge revenues for housing infrastructure. Temporarily authorizes counties that have previously adopted a surcharge on state tax to amend the rates and uses of the surcharge. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Telework.. Description: Establishes a temporary Telework Working Group. Requires interim and final reports to the Legislature. Makes an appropriation. Effective 07/01/2050. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Collective Bargaining.. Description: Creates a separate bargaining unit (16) for City and County of Honolulu Emergency Services Department employees. Recategorizes City and County of Honolulu Emergency Services Department employees from bargaining unit (10) into bargaining unit (16). Takes effect 1/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Affordable Housing.. Description: Establishes a working group within the Office of the Governor for administrative purposes to ascertain the State's available water resources and water system source capacity and streamline well permit approval processes to further plan for the development of affordable housing. Requires the working group to inventory all available water resources statewide and identify sources of aquifer replenishment in relation to affordable housing development. Requires an interim and final report to the Legislature. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Department Of Commerce And Consumer Affairs.. Description: Requires the Department of Commerce and Consumer Affairs to make all business registration applications available online. Requires all applications to contain certain contact information. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Cable Television Systems.. Description: Adds additional considerations for the Director of Commerce and Consumer Affairs to take into account when ensuring that the terms and conditions required for operation of an access organization are fair to the public in its designated service area. Requires cable operators to include viewership numbers for channels designated for public, educational, and government access use in its reports to the Director of Commerce and Consumer Affairs. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Food Safety.. Description: Appropriates funds to the Department of Agriculture to establish and implement a GroupGAP food safety training and certification program. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The Senior Medicare Patrol Program.. Description: Appropriates funds for the establishment of three additional Program Specialist positions within the Executive Office on Aging for the State's Senior Medicare Patrol Program. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Crisis Intervention.. Description: Establishes an expanded crisis intervention and diversion activities program within the department of health to expand existing activities to divert those with mental health issues to appropriate health care services. Defines "crisis center" and "crisis intervention officer". Authorizes a person believed to be imminently dangerous to self or others by a law enforcement officer to be assisted by a crisis intervention officer and transported to a designated crisis center. Appropriates funds for the expanded crisis intervention and diversion activities program and for certification of law enforcement officers in mental health first aid by the department of health. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To School Campuses.. Description: Establishes and appropriates funds for a Maui campus housing pilot program. Requires the School Facilities Authority and Department of Education to submit reports to the Legislature. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Water Testing.. Description: Appropriates funds to the University of Hawaii Maui college to support water testing on the island of Maui, including supplies and the establishment of two full-time equivalent positions. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Native Hawaiian Affairs.. Description: Appropriates funds to the Department of Business, Economic Development, and Tourism and Department of Land and Natural Resources to improve Native Hawaiian communities and culture through various assistance services. Effective 6/30/3000. (HD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Collective Bargaining.. Description: Retains institutional, health, and correctional workers except for adult corrections officers of the Department of Public Safety's Corrections Division or its successor agency of the Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation under bargaining unit (10). Creates a separate bargaining unit (16) for adult corrections officers of the Department of Public Safety's Corrections Division or its successor agency. Takes effect 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Department Of Health.. Description: Requires the Developmental Disabilities Division of the Department of Health to amend the eligibility criteria for the Home and Community-Based Services Medicaid Waiver to include individuals with an intellectual or developmental disability and a comorbid mental illness. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Encouraging The Facilitation Of A Path To Citizenship For Immigrants From Parties To The Compacts Of Free Association.. Description: Encouraging The Facilitation Of A Path To Citizenship For Immigrants From Parties To The Compacts Of Free Association.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Electing The Temporary Chair Of The House Of Representatives Of The Thirty-second Legislature.. Description: Electing The Temporary Chair Of The House Of Representatives Of The Thirty-second Legislature.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Electing The Speaker And Vice Speaker Of The House Of Representatives Of The Thirty-second Legislature.. Description: Electing The Speaker And Vice Speaker Of The House Of Representatives Of The Thirty-second Legislature.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Electing The Officers Of The House Of Representatives Of The Thirty-second Legislature.. Description: Electing The Officers Of The House Of Representatives Of The Thirty-second Legislature.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Acknowledging And Recognizing The Caucus Leaders And Naming The Chairs, Vice Chairs, And Members Of The Standing Committees Of The House Of Representatives Of The Thirty-second Legislature.. Description: Acknowledging And Recognizing The Caucus Leaders And Naming The Chairs, Vice Chairs, And Members Of The Standing Committees Of The House Of Representatives Of The Thirty-second Legislature.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Communicating That The House Of Representatives Of The Thirty-second Legislature Has Assembled And Is Ready To Transact Business.. Description: Communicating That The House Of Representatives Of The Thirty-second Legislature Has Assembled And Is Ready To Transact Business.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Human Services Med-quest Division, In Collaboration With The Department Of Commerce And Consumer Affairs, To Expand The Types Of Qualified Providers Allowed To Provide Lactation Consultant Services For The Medicaid Population In The State.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Human Services Med-quest Division, In Collaboration With The Department Of Commerce And Consumer Affairs, To Expand The Types Of Qualified Providers Allowed To Provide Lactation Consultant Services For The Medicaid Population In The State.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Counties To Devote Sufficient Funding To Their Respective County Ethics Boards Or Commissions.. Description: Urging The Counties To Devote Sufficient Funding To Their Respective County Ethics Boards Or Commissions.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Establishing The House Special Committee On Red Hill To Address Issues Related To The Red Hill Bulk Fuel Storage Facility, Water Contamination And Remediation, And All Related Impacts.. Description: Establishing The House Special Committee On Red Hill To Address Issues Related To The Red Hill Bulk Fuel Storage Facility, Water Contamination And Remediation, And All Related Impacts.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Establishing A Legislative Working Group To Oversee The Department Of Hawaiian Home Lands' Execution Of Funds Appropriated Pursuant To Act 279, Session Laws Of Hawaii 2022, To Address The Beneficiary Waiting List.. Description: Establishing A Legislative Working Group To Oversee The Department Of Hawaiian Home Lands' Execution Of Funds Appropriated Pursuant To Act 279, Session Laws Of Hawaii 2022, To Address The Beneficiary Waiting List.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Hawaii Housing Finance And Development Corporation To Study The Viability Of Increasing The Minimum Percentage Of Affordable Housing Units In A Project Required To Be Set Aside To Qualify For An Exemption Under Chapter 201, Hawaii Revised Statutes.. Description: Requesting The Hawaii Housing Finance And Development Corporation To Study The Viability Of Increasing The Minimum Percentage Of Affordable Housing Units In A Project Required To Be Set Aside To Qualify For An Exemption Under Chapter 201, Hawaii Revised Statutes.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Recognizing October 2 Through October 6, 2023, As Digital Inclusion Week In The State Of Hawaii.. Description: Recognizing October 2 Through October 6, 2023, As Digital Inclusion Week In The State Of Hawaii.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Commending The Unsung Heroes Of Hawaii's Homeless.. Description: Commending The Unsung Heroes Of Hawaii's Homeless.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Adopting The Rules Of The House Of Representatives Of The Thirty-second Legislature, Including The Operating Procedures For The Select Committee On Standards Of Conduct.. Description: Adopting The Rules Of The House Of Representatives Of The Thirty-second Legislature, Including The Operating Procedures For The Select Committee On Standards Of Conduct.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Adopting The House Administrative And Financial Manual Of The House Of Representatives Of The Thirty-second Legislature.. Description: Adopting The House Administrative And Financial Manual Of The House Of Representatives Of The Thirty-second Legislature.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The Committee Assignments Of The House Of Representatives Of The Thirty-second Legislature.. Description: Relating To The Committee Assignments Of The House Of Representatives Of The Thirty-second Legislature.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Designating February 24, 2023, As "remember Ukraine Day In Hawaii".. Description: Designating February 24, 2023, As "remember Ukraine Day In Hawaii".
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Hawaii State Energy Office To Engage The United States Department Of Energy To Establish A Permanent Presence Within The State Of Hawaii.. Description: Requesting The Hawaii State Energy Office To Engage The United States Department Of Energy To Establish A Permanent Presence Within The State Of Hawaii.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Counties To Implement And Enforce Regulations That Ensure Car Sharing Services And Operations Do Not Negatively Impact The Traffic, Parking, And Character Of Residential Neighborhoods.. Description: Urging The Counties To Implement And Enforce Regulations That Ensure Car Sharing Services And Operations Do Not Negatively Impact The Traffic, Parking, And Character Of Residential Neighborhoods.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Department Of Transportation Services Of The City And County Of Honolulu To Conduct A Feasibility Study Of Widening The Portion Of University Avenue Between Maile Way And Oahu Avenue.. Description: Urging The Department Of Transportation Services Of The City And County Of Honolulu To Conduct A Feasibility Study Of Widening The Portion Of University Avenue Between Maile Way And Oahu Avenue.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The City And County Of Honolulu To Remove The Ocean Safety And Lifeguard Services Division From The Emergency Services Department And Establish It As A New, Separate Department.. Description: Urging The City And County Of Honolulu To Remove The Ocean Safety And Lifeguard Services Division From The Emergency Services Department And Establish It As A New, Separate Department.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The City And County Of Honolulu And Honolulu Police Department To Increase Police Presence In Haleiwa Due To An Increase In Homeless Individuals And Crime In The Area.. Description: Urging The City And County Of Honolulu And Honolulu Police Department To Increase Police Presence In Haleiwa Due To An Increase In Homeless Individuals And Crime In The Area.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Hawaii Correctional System Oversight Commission To Convene A Task Force To Examine And Make Recommendations Regarding Existing Procedures Of The Hawaii Paroling Authority Setting The Minimum Terms Of Imprisonment.. Description: Requesting The Hawaii Correctional System Oversight Commission To Convene A Task Force To Examine And Make Recommendations Regarding Existing Procedures Of The Hawaii Paroling Authority Setting The Minimum Terms Of Imprisonment.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Department Of Land And Natural Resources To Protect Hawaii's Waters And Resources By Prohibiting Seabed Mining.. Description: Urging The Department Of Land And Natural Resources To Protect Hawaii's Waters And Resources By Prohibiting Seabed Mining.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Auditor To Conduct A Performance Audit Of The Operations And Management Of The Department Of Land And Natural Resources' Division Of Boating And Ocean Recreation.. Description: Requesting The Auditor To Conduct A Performance Audit Of The Operations And Management Of The Department Of Land And Natural Resources' Division Of Boating And Ocean Recreation.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Commerce And Consumer Affairs To Study Potential Solutions And Make Recommendations For A Long-term Management Plan For Sunset Memorial Park.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Commerce And Consumer Affairs To Study Potential Solutions And Make Recommendations For A Long-term Management Plan For Sunset Memorial Park.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting That The Department Of Taxation Create A Simplified N-11 Form For Use By Individuals Without Taxable Income That Is Subject To State Income Tax.. Description: Requesting That The Department Of Taxation Create A Simplified N-11 Form For Use By Individuals Without Taxable Income That Is Subject To State Income Tax.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Department Of Transportation To Construct An All-way Crosswalk Along The Cross-streets Of Kahualii Street, Waipio Point Access Road, And Farrington Highway.. Description: Urging The Department Of Transportation To Construct An All-way Crosswalk Along The Cross-streets Of Kahualii Street, Waipio Point Access Road, And Farrington Highway.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Designating November 22, 2023, As "kimchi Day" In The State Of Hawaii.. Description: Designating November 22, 2023, As "kimchi Day" In The State Of Hawaii.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Executive Office Of Aging To Conduct A Study On The Adequacy Of Elder Care On Molokai And Lanai, And In East Maui.. Description: Requesting The Executive Office Of Aging To Conduct A Study On The Adequacy Of Elder Care On Molokai And Lanai, And In East Maui.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Transportation To Evaluate Certain Aiea Roadways And Identify Opportunities For Improvement Of Traffic Conditions And Pedestrian Safety.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Transportation To Evaluate Certain Aiea Roadways And Identify Opportunities For Improvement Of Traffic Conditions And Pedestrian Safety.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Supporting The Hawaii State Energy Office In The Establishment Of An Integrated Hawaii Pacific Hydrogen Hub.. Description: Supporting The Hawaii State Energy Office In The Establishment Of An Integrated Hawaii Pacific Hydrogen Hub.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Comptroller, In Consultation With Other State Officials, To Submit A Report On The Process And Procedures For The Transfer Of Funds To The Works Of Art Special Fund.. Description: Requesting The Comptroller, In Consultation With Other State Officials, To Submit A Report On The Process And Procedures For The Transfer Of Funds To The Works Of Art Special Fund.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The National Institute Of Food And Agriculture Of The United States Department Of Agriculture To Issue Additional Funding For The Gus Schumacher Nutrition Incentive Program To Provide Matching Funds For The Expansion Of The State Double Up Food Bucks Program To All Approved Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program Retail Outlets Throughout The State.. Description: Urging The National Institute Of Food And Agriculture Of The United States Department Of Agriculture To Issue Additional Funding For The Gus Schumacher Nutrition Incentive Program To Provide Matching Funds For The Expansion Of The State Double Up Food Bucks Program To All Approved Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program Retail Outlets Throughout The State.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Governor To Convene A Task Force To Examine And Make Recommendations On The Existing Procedures For The Adoption Of The State Building Code.. Description: Requesting The Governor To Convene A Task Force To Examine And Make Recommendations On The Existing Procedures For The Adoption Of The State Building Code.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting That The Hawaii Emergency Management Agency Establish A Two-year Task Force To Address Key Findings Validated By The 2022 Resiliency Assessment Report Of The Hawaii Maritime Transportation Regional Resiliency Assessment Program Project And Plan Resiliency Enhancements.. Description: Requesting That The Hawaii Emergency Management Agency Establish A Two-year Task Force To Address Key Findings Validated By The 2022 Resiliency Assessment Report Of The Hawaii Maritime Transportation Regional Resiliency Assessment Program Project And Plan Resiliency Enhancements.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Public Utilities Commission To Reevaluate And Adopt Administrative Rules Relating To The Removal Of Abandoned Or Double Utility Poles, Lines, And Equipment.. Description: Urging The Public Utilities Commission To Reevaluate And Adopt Administrative Rules Relating To The Removal Of Abandoned Or Double Utility Poles, Lines, And Equipment.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Human Services To Immediately Cease Intercepting Social Security Payments For Children In Foster Care.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Human Services To Immediately Cease Intercepting Social Security Payments For Children In Foster Care.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Governor To Initiate A Clemency Program For Individuals Who Have Been Prosecuted For Cannabis-related Offenses.. Description: Urging The Governor To Initiate A Clemency Program For Individuals Who Have Been Prosecuted For Cannabis-related Offenses.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Department Of Education To Create A Priority List For Repairing Public School Fire Alarm Systems.. Description: Urging The Department Of Education To Create A Priority List For Repairing Public School Fire Alarm Systems.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Hawaii County Department Of Water Supply To Convene A Working Group To Examine Opportunities For Increasing Water Access And Strengthening Water Infrastructure For Underserved Communities On Hawaii Island.. Description: Requesting The Hawaii County Department Of Water Supply To Convene A Working Group To Examine Opportunities For Increasing Water Access And Strengthening Water Infrastructure For Underserved Communities On Hawaii Island.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The University Of Hawaii At Manoa John A. Burns School Of Medicine To Prioritize Efforts To Strengthen Hawaii's Reproductive Care Workforce, Particularly For Rural And Remote Areas Of The State.. Description: Urging The University Of Hawaii At Manoa John A. Burns School Of Medicine To Prioritize Efforts To Strengthen Hawaii's Reproductive Care Workforce, Particularly For Rural And Remote Areas Of The State.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Hawaii Broadband And Digital Equity Office To Increase Access To Wi-fi In Public Parks Throughout The State.. Description: Requesting The Hawaii Broadband And Digital Equity Office To Increase Access To Wi-fi In Public Parks Throughout The State.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Labor And Industrial Relations To Complete A Comparative Study Of Its Policies On Youth Employment And Federal Requirements For Youth Employment Under The Fair Labor Standards Act.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Labor And Industrial Relations To Complete A Comparative Study Of Its Policies On Youth Employment And Federal Requirements For Youth Employment Under The Fair Labor Standards Act.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Department Of Education To Prioritize Funding For The English Learner Program In Public Schools To Address The Increasing Population Of English Learner Students.. Description: Urging The Department Of Education To Prioritize Funding For The English Learner Program In Public Schools To Address The Increasing Population Of English Learner Students.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Hawaii Labor Relations Board To Establish Objective Standards And Criteria For Splitting Off A Group Of State Workers Into A New Bargaining Unit.. Description: Requesting The Hawaii Labor Relations Board To Establish Objective Standards And Criteria For Splitting Off A Group Of State Workers Into A New Bargaining Unit.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Parks And Recreation Of The City And County Of Honolulu To Restore The Field Of Maunawili Valley Neighborhood Park And Develop A Plan To Restore The Entire Park.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Parks And Recreation Of The City And County Of Honolulu To Restore The Field Of Maunawili Valley Neighborhood Park And Develop A Plan To Restore The Entire Park.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Legislative Reference Bureau To Research The Laws, Ordinances, And Rules Prohibiting Conduct On Or Near School Grounds, Or For The General Protection Of Children Attending School, And To Distribute A Summary Of Those Laws To State And County Buildings For Public Display.. Description: Requesting The Legislative Reference Bureau To Research The Laws, Ordinances, And Rules Prohibiting Conduct On Or Near School Grounds, Or For The General Protection Of Children Attending School, And To Distribute A Summary Of Those Laws To State And County Buildings For Public Display.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Hawaii Sister-state Committee To Recommend The Initiation Of A Sister-state Relationship Between Hawaii And Fujian Province.. Description: Urging The Hawaii Sister-state Committee To Recommend The Initiation Of A Sister-state Relationship Between Hawaii And Fujian Province.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The United States To Support Taiwan's Participation In International Organizations, Including The World Health Organization, International Criminal Police Organization, United Nations Framework Convention On Climate Change, And International Civil Aviation Organization And Urging International Organizations To Grant Taiwan Membership, Observer, Or Other Appropriate Status.. Description: Urging The United States To Support Taiwan's Participation In International Organizations, Including The World Health Organization, International Criminal Police Organization, United Nations Framework Convention On Climate Change, And International Civil Aviation Organization And Urging International Organizations To Grant Taiwan Membership, Observer, Or Other Appropriate Status.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Office Of Youth Services And Family Court Of The First Judicial Circuit To Collaborate In Identifying Processes, Procedures, And Strategies For Partnering With Community Organizations To Maximize Rehabilitation And Minimize Recidivism For Juvenile Offenders.. Description: Urging The Office Of Youth Services And Family Court Of The First Judicial Circuit To Collaborate In Identifying Processes, Procedures, And Strategies For Partnering With Community Organizations To Maximize Rehabilitation And Minimize Recidivism For Juvenile Offenders.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Formation Of A Working Group To Create A Plan Regarding The Return Of Cultural Artifacts.. Description: Requesting The Formation Of A Working Group To Create A Plan Regarding The Return Of Cultural Artifacts.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Education To Contract With A Qualified Nonprofit Organization To Establish Aquatic Safety Education Programs In Certain Department Of Education Schools.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Education To Contract With A Qualified Nonprofit Organization To Establish Aquatic Safety Education Programs In Certain Department Of Education Schools.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Department Of Facility Maintenance Of The City And County Of Honolulu To Conduct An Assessment And Prepare And Execute A Plan To Maintain Manoa Stream.. Description: Urging The Department Of Facility Maintenance Of The City And County Of Honolulu To Conduct An Assessment And Prepare And Execute A Plan To Maintain Manoa Stream.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Designating Hawaii's Coral Reefs As Critical Natural Infrastructure And Strongly Supporting Nature-based Solutions Such As Coral Reef Restoration For Risk Reduction.. Description: Designating Hawaii's Coral Reefs As Critical Natural Infrastructure And Strongly Supporting Nature-based Solutions Such As Coral Reef Restoration For Risk Reduction.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Recognizing August 8, 2023, As Hawaiian Honeycreepers Celebration Day.. Description: Recognizing August 8, 2023, As Hawaiian Honeycreepers Celebration Day.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Labor And Industrial Relations To Provide And Produce Updated Actuarial Studies Regarding The Lifespan Probabilities Of Surviving Dependent Beneficiaries For The Purpose Of Applying Hawaii's Workers' Compensation Law.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Labor And Industrial Relations To Provide And Produce Updated Actuarial Studies Regarding The Lifespan Probabilities Of Surviving Dependent Beneficiaries For The Purpose Of Applying Hawaii's Workers' Compensation Law.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging Microsoft To Consider Building A Data Center In Hawaii.. Description: Urging Microsoft To Consider Building A Data Center In Hawaii.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Honoring Kumu Francis Palani Sinenci For His Contributions To The Revitalization And Perpetuation Of Native Hawaiian Hale-building Knowledge.. Description: Honoring Kumu Francis Palani Sinenci For His Contributions To The Revitalization And Perpetuation Of Native Hawaiian Hale-building Knowledge.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Honoring Cultural Practitioner Troy Allen Kimeona Kane For His Contributions To The Revitalization And Perpetuation Of Native Hawaiian Uhau Humu Pohaku (hawaiian Dry-set Masonry) Knowledge.. Description: Honoring Cultural Practitioner Troy Allen Kimeona Kane For His Contributions To The Revitalization And Perpetuation Of Native Hawaiian Uhau Humu Pohaku (hawaiian Dry-set Masonry) Knowledge.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Legislative Reference Bureau To Report On Systems Of Firearms Insurance And Other Financial Responsibility Requirements Pertaining To Firearms.. Description: Requesting The Legislative Reference Bureau To Report On Systems Of Firearms Insurance And Other Financial Responsibility Requirements Pertaining To Firearms.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Office Of Elections To Prepare And Submit A Proposal To The Legislature On The Cost And Personnel Required To Prepare And Distribute A Voter Information Guide.. Description: Requesting The Office Of Elections To Prepare And Submit A Proposal To The Legislature On The Cost And Personnel Required To Prepare And Distribute A Voter Information Guide.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Judiciary To Prepare A Master Development Plan, Including A Capitol Improvement Project Request, To Upgrade The South Kohala District Court.. Description: Requesting The Judiciary To Prepare A Master Development Plan, Including A Capitol Improvement Project Request, To Upgrade The South Kohala District Court.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Transportation, In Coordination With The Department Of Transportation Services Of The City And County Of Honolulu, To Install Speed Bumps And Other Traffic Calming Structures On Ala Aolani Street In Moanalua Valley And Other Surrounding Streets Deemed Appropriate To Deter Speeding.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Transportation, In Coordination With The Department Of Transportation Services Of The City And County Of Honolulu, To Install Speed Bumps And Other Traffic Calming Structures On Ala Aolani Street In Moanalua Valley And Other Surrounding Streets Deemed Appropriate To Deter Speeding.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Department Of Health To Prioritize Testing And Research Of Beach Sand Contamination Levels At Pokai Bay And Requesting The City And County Of Honolulu Department Of Parks And Recreation To Prioritize Renovations Of The Restroom Facilities At Pokai Bay.. Description: Urging The Department Of Health To Prioritize Testing And Research Of Beach Sand Contamination Levels At Pokai Bay And Requesting The City And County Of Honolulu Department Of Parks And Recreation To Prioritize Renovations Of The Restroom Facilities At Pokai Bay.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Relocation Of All Live Fire Training And Aviation Activities Away From The Puuloa Range Training Facility.. Description: Requesting The Relocation Of All Live Fire Training And Aviation Activities Away From The Puuloa Range Training Facility.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Real Estate Commission To Develop Policies And Programs To Inform And Educate Condominium Association Owners And Board Members Of Certain Matters To Promote The Efficient Administration Of Condominium Associations.. Description: Urging The Real Estate Commission To Develop Policies And Programs To Inform And Educate Condominium Association Owners And Board Members Of Certain Matters To Promote The Efficient Administration Of Condominium Associations.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Legislative Reference Bureau To Conduct An Analysis Regarding The Scope Of Practice For Advanced Practice Registered Nurses And Physician Assistants.. Description: Requesting The Legislative Reference Bureau To Conduct An Analysis Regarding The Scope Of Practice For Advanced Practice Registered Nurses And Physician Assistants.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Health To Convene A Working Group To Review And Update The Relevant Chapters Of The Hawaii Revised Statutes That Relate To Mental Health And Involuntary Transport, Examination, Hospitalization, And Treatment, Including Assisted Community Treatment.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Health To Convene A Working Group To Review And Update The Relevant Chapters Of The Hawaii Revised Statutes That Relate To Mental Health And Involuntary Transport, Examination, Hospitalization, And Treatment, Including Assisted Community Treatment.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging All Branches Of The United States Military Operating In Hawaii To Implement Changes In Their Policies To Reduce, To The Extent Possible, The Use Of Products Containing Perfluoroalkyl And Polyfluoroalkyl Substances.. Description: Urging All Branches Of The United States Military Operating In Hawaii To Implement Changes In Their Policies To Reduce, To The Extent Possible, The Use Of Products Containing Perfluoroalkyl And Polyfluoroalkyl Substances.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Land And Natural Resources And City And County Of Honolulu To Independently Identify The Roads, Monuments, Landmarks, And Public Parks Within Their Respective Jurisdictions That Use The Name "diamond Head" And Identify The Process For Renaming These Roads, Monuments, Landmarks, And Public Parks From "diamond Head" To "lahi".. Description: Requesting The Department Of Land And Natural Resources And City And County Of Honolulu To Independently Identify The Roads, Monuments, Landmarks, And Public Parks Within Their Respective Jurisdictions That Use The Name "diamond Head" And Identify The Process For Renaming These Roads, Monuments, Landmarks, And Public Parks From "diamond Head" To "lahi".
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Facility Maintenance Of The City And County Of Honolulu To Dredge And Clean The Ulehawa Stream And Canal.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Facility Maintenance Of The City And County Of Honolulu To Dredge And Clean The Ulehawa Stream And Canal.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The City And County Of Honolulu To Exempt From Real Property Tax Those Property Owners Of Residential Units Within One-half Mile Of An Active Municipal Solid Waste Landfill Or Construction And Demolition Landfill Or Deemed To Have Been Impacted By An Active Landfill To A Degree That Warrants Such An Exemption.. Description: Urging The City And County Of Honolulu To Exempt From Real Property Tax Those Property Owners Of Residential Units Within One-half Mile Of An Active Municipal Solid Waste Landfill Or Construction And Demolition Landfill Or Deemed To Have Been Impacted By An Active Landfill To A Degree That Warrants Such An Exemption.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Establishment Of A Native Hawaiian Intellectual Property Working Group To Discuss Policies And Legislation With Respect To Native Hawaiian Intellectual Property.. Description: Urging The Establishment Of A Native Hawaiian Intellectual Property Working Group To Discuss Policies And Legislation With Respect To Native Hawaiian Intellectual Property.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Health's Solid Waste Section, Subject To The Availability Of Funding, To Investigate Strategies For Improved Waste Diversion By Working With The Counties To Address Each County's Unique Needs According To Its Geography, Population, And Industry Make-up.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Health's Solid Waste Section, Subject To The Availability Of Funding, To Investigate Strategies For Improved Waste Diversion By Working With The Counties To Address Each County's Unique Needs According To Its Geography, Population, And Industry Make-up.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Auditor To Conduct A Social And Financial Assessment Of Proposed Mandatory Health Insurance Coverage For Various Sexual And Reproductive Health Care Services.. Description: Requesting The Auditor To Conduct A Social And Financial Assessment Of Proposed Mandatory Health Insurance Coverage For Various Sexual And Reproductive Health Care Services.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Committee On Weights To Recommend, And The Board Of Education To Adopt, A Weighted Student Formula That Gives Greater Consideration To Small And Remote Schools.. Description: Urging The Committee On Weights To Recommend, And The Board Of Education To Adopt, A Weighted Student Formula That Gives Greater Consideration To Small And Remote Schools.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Counties To Include Townhomes In The Residential Permitting Process For The Installation Of Solar Panels.. Description: Urging The Counties To Include Townhomes In The Residential Permitting Process For The Installation Of Solar Panels.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The United States Congress To Adopt National Carbon Fee And Dividend Legislation.. Description: Urging The United States Congress To Adopt National Carbon Fee And Dividend Legislation.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Hawaiian Home Lands To Identify Resources Needed To Execute A Plan To Repair Homes For Safe Habitation.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Hawaiian Home Lands To Identify Resources Needed To Execute A Plan To Repair Homes For Safe Habitation.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The United States Department Of Agriculture Natural Resources Conservation Service To Take Certain Actions Regarding Fugitive Dust.. Description: Urging The United States Department Of Agriculture Natural Resources Conservation Service To Take Certain Actions Regarding Fugitive Dust.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Agriculture To Conduct A Study To Recommend Appropriate Labeling Requirements For Hawaii-grown Tea.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Agriculture To Conduct A Study To Recommend Appropriate Labeling Requirements For Hawaii-grown Tea.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Department Of Transportation To Conduct A Study To Establish Safe Routes To School.. Description: Urging The Department Of Transportation To Conduct A Study To Establish Safe Routes To School.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Facility Maintenance Of The City And County Of Honolulu To Clean Certain Streams And Canals In Waipahu.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Facility Maintenance Of The City And County Of Honolulu To Clean Certain Streams And Canals In Waipahu.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The University Of Hawaii Water Resources Research Center To Conduct A Feasibility Study On New Technologies Related To Cesspool Water Remediation, Which May Include Organic Biodegradable Water Clarifiers.. Description: Requesting The University Of Hawaii Water Resources Research Center To Conduct A Feasibility Study On New Technologies Related To Cesspool Water Remediation, Which May Include Organic Biodegradable Water Clarifiers.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Hawaii Housing Finance And Development Corporation To Promote Supportive Housing In The State's Low-income Housing Tax Credit Program.. Description: Urging The Hawaii Housing Finance And Development Corporation To Promote Supportive Housing In The State's Low-income Housing Tax Credit Program.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging Hawaii's Congressional Delegation To Introduce And Support Legislation To Amend Title Iv-a Of The Social Security Act To Allow Temporary Assistance For Needy Families Funds To Be Used By States To Build Transitional Supportive Housing And Affordable Rental Housing.. Description: Urging Hawaii's Congressional Delegation To Introduce And Support Legislation To Amend Title Iv-a Of The Social Security Act To Allow Temporary Assistance For Needy Families Funds To Be Used By States To Build Transitional Supportive Housing And Affordable Rental Housing.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The University Of Hawaii To Strengthen The Center For Labor Education And Research At The University Of Hawaii West Oahu By Establishing A Working Group To Develop A Community-driven Vision For The Centers Programs.. Description: Urging The University Of Hawaii To Strengthen The Center For Labor Education And Research At The University Of Hawaii West Oahu By Establishing A Working Group To Develop A Community-driven Vision For The Centers Programs.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The University Of Hawaii To Convene A Working Group To Create A Plan For The Establishment Of A Maritime College And To Establish A Maritime College.. Description: Urging The University Of Hawaii To Convene A Working Group To Create A Plan For The Establishment Of A Maritime College And To Establish A Maritime College.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The University Of Hawaii At Manoa College Of Tropical Agriculture And Human Resources To Convene A Working Group To Evaluate Updating Its Extension Sites.. Description: Requesting The University Of Hawaii At Manoa College Of Tropical Agriculture And Human Resources To Convene A Working Group To Evaluate Updating Its Extension Sites.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Board Of Education To Develop And Enforce Non-sex Segregated Dress Codes For Public School Formal Events.. Description: Urging The Board Of Education To Develop And Enforce Non-sex Segregated Dress Codes For Public School Formal Events.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting That The Department Of Transportation Establish An Air Service Task Force To Provide Recommendations For Improving Commercial Air Travel To And From Molokai And Lanai.. Description: Requesting That The Department Of Transportation Establish An Air Service Task Force To Provide Recommendations For Improving Commercial Air Travel To And From Molokai And Lanai.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Federal Aviation Administration And Hawaii's Congressional Delegation To Take Any Actions Necessary To Establish An Air Traffic Control Tower At Lanai Airport.. Description: Urging The Federal Aviation Administration And Hawaii's Congressional Delegation To Take Any Actions Necessary To Establish An Air Traffic Control Tower At Lanai Airport.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Hawaiian Home Lands To Conduct A Study That Evaluates Possible Methods Of Flood Remediation And Flood Aversion For Certain Areas Of The Island Of Molokai.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Hawaiian Home Lands To Conduct A Study That Evaluates Possible Methods Of Flood Remediation And Flood Aversion For Certain Areas Of The Island Of Molokai.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Hawaii Tobacco Quitline To Make Permanently Visible On Each Page Of Its Website Information Pertaining To The Availability Of Interpretation Services Upon Request.. Description: Requesting The Hawaii Tobacco Quitline To Make Permanently Visible On Each Page Of Its Website Information Pertaining To The Availability Of Interpretation Services Upon Request.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Labor And Industrial Relations To Continue To Recognize And Accept The Right Of A Provider Of Service To Assign The Right To Participate In A Workers' Compensation Billing Dispute To A Billing Company.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Labor And Industrial Relations To Continue To Recognize And Accept The Right Of A Provider Of Service To Assign The Right To Participate In A Workers' Compensation Billing Dispute To A Billing Company.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Board Of Education, In Partnership With The Department Of Education, To Produce A Report On Increasing Access To Tutoring Services Within And Outside Of Hawaii's K-12 Public Schools.. Description: Requesting The Board Of Education, In Partnership With The Department Of Education, To Produce A Report On Increasing Access To Tutoring Services Within And Outside Of Hawaii's K-12 Public Schools.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Mayors And Councils Of The City And County Of Honolulu, County Of Maui, County Of Hawaii, And County Of Kauai To Establish Business Improvement Districts As Special Improvement Districts.. Description: Urging The Mayors And Councils Of The City And County Of Honolulu, County Of Maui, County Of Hawaii, And County Of Kauai To Establish Business Improvement Districts As Special Improvement Districts.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Human Services To Perform A Study To Determine If The Government As A Whole Is Adequately Allocating Funding For Each Region Of Oahu For Homeless Services.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Human Services To Perform A Study To Determine If The Government As A Whole Is Adequately Allocating Funding For Each Region Of Oahu For Homeless Services.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Board Of Land And Natural Resources To Establish A Task Force To Prepare A Feasibility Plan For The Transition Of The Management Of The Makua Military Reservation To The State From The United States Army Upon The Expiration Of General Lease Number S-3848.. Description: Urging The Board Of Land And Natural Resources To Establish A Task Force To Prepare A Feasibility Plan For The Transition Of The Management Of The Makua Military Reservation To The State From The United States Army Upon The Expiration Of General Lease Number S-3848.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The State Of Hawaii, City And County Of Honolulu, Federal Entities, And Private Land Owners To Work Together To Immediately Open The Section Of The Waianae Coast Emergency Access Road Extending Paakea Road Out To Lualualei Naval Road For Public Use On A Permanent Basis.. Description: Urging The State Of Hawaii, City And County Of Honolulu, Federal Entities, And Private Land Owners To Work Together To Immediately Open The Section Of The Waianae Coast Emergency Access Road Extending Paakea Road Out To Lualualei Naval Road For Public Use On A Permanent Basis.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The University Of Hawaii Community Colleges To Establish Baccalaureate Degree Programs In Agricultural Technology, Food Science, And Education At Leeward Community College.. Description: Urging The University Of Hawaii Community Colleges To Establish Baccalaureate Degree Programs In Agricultural Technology, Food Science, And Education At Leeward Community College.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting A Feasibility Study On Redeveloping Lands Situated At Tmk (1) 2-8-015:001 Into Workforce Housing And Other Affiliated Uses.. Description: Requesting A Feasibility Study On Redeveloping Lands Situated At Tmk (1) 2-8-015:001 Into Workforce Housing And Other Affiliated Uses.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Reaffirming The Commitment To Increase The State's Affordable Housing Stock By Not Allocating Special Purpose Revenue Bonds And Discouraging The Use Of Special Purpose Revenue Bonds.. Description: Reaffirming The Commitment To Increase The State's Affordable Housing Stock By Not Allocating Special Purpose Revenue Bonds And Discouraging The Use Of Special Purpose Revenue Bonds.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Board Of Education To Report On Ways To Increase Access To Extended Learning Opportunities Or Course Credits For Non-traditional And External Learning Experiences.. Description: Requesting The Board Of Education To Report On Ways To Increase Access To Extended Learning Opportunities Or Course Credits For Non-traditional And External Learning Experiences.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Health To Conduct A Social And Financial Assessment Of Proposed Mandatory Health Insurance Coverage For Weight Management Medication.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Health To Conduct A Social And Financial Assessment Of Proposed Mandatory Health Insurance Coverage For Weight Management Medication.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Office Of Planning And Sustainable Development To Convene A Multiagency Working Group To Identify Sites That Have The Collective Capacity To Accommodate Ten Thousand New Homes Per Year, For The Next Fifty Years.. Description: Requesting The Office Of Planning And Sustainable Development To Convene A Multiagency Working Group To Identify Sites That Have The Collective Capacity To Accommodate Ten Thousand New Homes Per Year, For The Next Fifty Years.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Disability And Communication Access Board To Establish An American Sign Language Interpreter Workforce Working Group To Promote Increasing The Number Of American Sign Language Interpreters In The State.. Description: Requesting The Disability And Communication Access Board To Establish An American Sign Language Interpreter Workforce Working Group To Promote Increasing The Number Of American Sign Language Interpreters In The State.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Hawaii Emergency Management Agency To Include In All Live And Recorded Emergency Alert System Video Broadcasts, An On-screen Interpreter Disseminating The Emergency Information In American Sign Language At All Times, Including During Graphic Presentations.. Description: Urging The Hawaii Emergency Management Agency To Include In All Live And Recorded Emergency Alert System Video Broadcasts, An On-screen Interpreter Disseminating The Emergency Information In American Sign Language At All Times, Including During Graphic Presentations.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Hawaii Climate Change Mitigation And Adaptation Commission To Develop A Proactive And Comprehensive Communication Strategy To Educate Hawaii's Residents About The Health Impacts Of The Climate Crisis.. Description: Urging The Hawaii Climate Change Mitigation And Adaptation Commission To Develop A Proactive And Comprehensive Communication Strategy To Educate Hawaii's Residents About The Health Impacts Of The Climate Crisis.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Governor And State Departments To Investigate Opportunities Provided By The Direct Pay Provision In The Inflation Reduction Act That Allows For Direct Payment Of Clean Energy Incentives To State Government Entities For The Cost Of Installing Solar Energy Systems In State Facilities.. Description: Urging The Governor And State Departments To Investigate Opportunities Provided By The Direct Pay Provision In The Inflation Reduction Act That Allows For Direct Payment Of Clean Energy Incentives To State Government Entities For The Cost Of Installing Solar Energy Systems In State Facilities.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The President Of The United States To Publish The Equal Rights Amendment As The Twenty-eighth Amendment To The Constitution Of The United States Of America.. Description: Urging The President Of The United States To Publish The Equal Rights Amendment As The Twenty-eighth Amendment To The Constitution Of The United States Of America.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Human Services' Med-quest Division To Take Steps Necessary To Ensure That Adequate Provider Rates Are Established For Applied Behavior Analysis Services.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Human Services' Med-quest Division To Take Steps Necessary To Ensure That Adequate Provider Rates Are Established For Applied Behavior Analysis Services.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Recognizing And Supporting Ongoing Collaborative Efforts By State Agencies And Private Organizations To Implement The "hep Free 2030" Statewide Strategy To Eliminate Viral Hepatitis Types A, B, And C In Hawaii.. Description: Recognizing And Supporting Ongoing Collaborative Efforts By State Agencies And Private Organizations To Implement The "hep Free 2030" Statewide Strategy To Eliminate Viral Hepatitis Types A, B, And C In Hawaii.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Health To Convene An Early Lung Cancer Screening Working Group To Continue The Efforts Of The Early Lung Cancer Screening Task Force Established Pursuant To Act 162, Session Laws Of Hawaii 2022.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Health To Convene An Early Lung Cancer Screening Working Group To Continue The Efforts Of The Early Lung Cancer Screening Task Force Established Pursuant To Act 162, Session Laws Of Hawaii 2022.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting Each County To Develop A Comprehensive Integrated Wastewater Management Plan And Financial Strategy To Upgrade, Convert, Or Connect Cesspools Located Within Its Respective Jurisdiction By 2050.. Description: Requesting Each County To Develop A Comprehensive Integrated Wastewater Management Plan And Financial Strategy To Upgrade, Convert, Or Connect Cesspools Located Within Its Respective Jurisdiction By 2050.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Congratulating The 2023 Hawaii State Teacher Of The Year And The 2023 Teachers Of The Year For School Complexes In The Leeward District And Honolulu District.. Description: Congratulating The 2023 Hawaii State Teacher Of The Year And The 2023 Teachers Of The Year For School Complexes In The Leeward District And Honolulu District.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Congratulating The 2023 Hawaii Charter School Teacher Of The Year And The 2023 Teachers Of The Year For School Complexes In The Maui District, Hawaii District, And Central District.. Description: Congratulating The 2023 Hawaii Charter School Teacher Of The Year And The 2023 Teachers Of The Year For School Complexes In The Maui District, Hawaii District, And Central District.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Congratulating The 2022 National Distinguished Principal, 2022 National Outstanding Assistant Principal, 2022 Golden Key Awardee, 2022 Outstanding Library Service Awardee, And 2023 Hawaii School Counselor Of The Year.. Description: Congratulating The 2022 National Distinguished Principal, 2022 National Outstanding Assistant Principal, 2022 Golden Key Awardee, 2022 Outstanding Library Service Awardee, And 2023 Hawaii School Counselor Of The Year.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Congratulating The 2023 United States Senate Youth Program Delegates, Phi Theta Kappa Honor Society International Co-president, And 2023 Lifesmarts Consumer Education Competition Second Place Recipients.. Description: Congratulating The 2023 United States Senate Youth Program Delegates, Phi Theta Kappa Honor Society International Co-president, And 2023 Lifesmarts Consumer Education Competition Second Place Recipients.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Commending And Congratulating The 2022 U.s. Department Of Education National Blue Ribbon Schools.. Description: Commending And Congratulating The 2022 U.s. Department Of Education National Blue Ribbon Schools.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Congratulating The 2023 Milken Educator Awardee And 2022 Teacher Of Promise Award Finalists For The Hilo-waiakea, Kau-keaau-pahoa, aiea-moanalua-radford, And Pearl City-waipahu Complexes.. Description: Congratulating The 2023 Milken Educator Awardee And 2022 Teacher Of Promise Award Finalists For The Hilo-waiakea, Kau-keaau-pahoa, aiea-moanalua-radford, And Pearl City-waipahu Complexes.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Recognizing The Lifelong Contributions Of Patricia Saiki And Commending Her Outstanding Public Service.. Description: Recognizing The Lifelong Contributions Of Patricia Saiki And Commending Her Outstanding Public Service.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Commending And Honoring Carissa Kainani Moore For Her Outstanding Contributions To The Sport Of Surfing And State Of Hawaii.. Description: Commending And Honoring Carissa Kainani Moore For Her Outstanding Contributions To The Sport Of Surfing And State Of Hawaii.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Commending The Heroes And Protectors Of Oahu's Drinking Water.. Description: Commending The Heroes And Protectors Of Oahu's Drinking Water.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Congratulating The Boys And Girls State And Oahu Interscholastic Association Championship Teams From Mililani High School, The Trojans.. Description: Congratulating The Boys And Girls State And Oahu Interscholastic Association Championship Teams From Mililani High School, The Trojans.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Recognizing The Department Of Ethnic Studies At The University Of Hawaii At Manoa.. Description: Recognizing The Department Of Ethnic Studies At The University Of Hawaii At Manoa.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Authorizing And Empowering The Speaker To Perform And Carry Out Any Official Legislative Business During The Interim Between The 2023 And 2024 Regular Sessions.. Description: Authorizing And Empowering The Speaker To Perform And Carry Out Any Official Legislative Business During The Interim Between The 2023 And 2024 Regular Sessions.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Informing The Senate And Governor That The House Of Representatives Is Ready To Adjourn Sine Die.. Description: Informing The Senate And Governor That The House Of Representatives Is Ready To Adjourn Sine Die.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Human Services Med-quest Division To Expand The Types Of Qualified Providers Allowed To Provide Lactation Consultant Services For The Medicaid Population In The State.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Human Services Med-quest Division To Expand The Types Of Qualified Providers Allowed To Provide Lactation Consultant Services For The Medicaid Population In The State.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The National Conference Of State Legislatures And Council Of State Governments To Update The Findings Of The 2004 Joint Project On Term Limits On The Potential Positive And Negative Consequences Of Implementing Term Limits For Members Of The Legislature.. Description: Requesting The National Conference Of State Legislatures And Council Of State Governments To Update The Findings Of The 2004 Joint Project On Term Limits On The Potential Positive And Negative Consequences Of Implementing Term Limits For Members Of The Legislature.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Office Of Hawaiian Affairs To Establish And Maintain Hawaiian Cultural Centers Within The State.. Description: Requesting The Office Of Hawaiian Affairs To Establish And Maintain Hawaiian Cultural Centers Within The State.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The University Of Hawaii System To Provide Menstrual Products, Free Of Charge, To Students At All Of Its University, Community College, And Education Center Campuses As Part Of A Public Health And Education Equity Strategy That Addresses Economic Disparities.. Description: Urging The University Of Hawaii System To Provide Menstrual Products, Free Of Charge, To Students At All Of Its University, Community College, And Education Center Campuses As Part Of A Public Health And Education Equity Strategy That Addresses Economic Disparities.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting Each County To Adopt An Ordinance Requiring, As A Condition Of Its Approval Of A Subdivision Or Issuance Of A Building Permit For Any New Structure Or Unit Within A Structure, The Subdivider Or Developer To Obtain Assurance Of Mail Delivery To Each Parcel.. Description: Requesting Each County To Adopt An Ordinance Requiring, As A Condition Of Its Approval Of A Subdivision Or Issuance Of A Building Permit For Any New Structure Or Unit Within A Structure, The Subdivider Or Developer To Obtain Assurance Of Mail Delivery To Each Parcel.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Department Of Transportation To Construct An All-way Crosswalk Along The Cross-streets Of Kahualii Street, Waipio Point Access Road, And Farrington Highway.. Description: Urging The Department Of Transportation To Construct An All-way Crosswalk Along The Cross-streets Of Kahualii Street, Waipio Point Access Road, And Farrington Highway.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Disability And Communication Access Board To Convene An American Sign Language Interpreter Workforce Working Group For The Purpose Of Promoting The Increase Of American Sign Language Interpreters In The State.. Description: Requesting The Disability And Communication Access Board To Convene An American Sign Language Interpreter Workforce Working Group For The Purpose Of Promoting The Increase Of American Sign Language Interpreters In The State.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Counties To Implement And Enforce Regulations That Ensure Car Sharing Services And Operations Do Not Negatively Impact The Traffic, Parking, And Character Of Residential Neighborhoods.. Description: Urging The Counties To Implement And Enforce Regulations That Ensure Car Sharing Services And Operations Do Not Negatively Impact The Traffic, Parking, And Character Of Residential Neighborhoods.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Department Of Education To Create A Priority List For Repairing Public School Fire Alarm Systems And Study Acceptable Alternatives.. Description: Urging The Department Of Education To Create A Priority List For Repairing Public School Fire Alarm Systems And Study Acceptable Alternatives.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The State And City And County Of Honolulu To Recognize And Address The Inequitable Location Of Mental Health Facilities, Clean And Sober Homes, Homeless Shelters, And Other Supportive Living Homes Across The Island Of Oahu.. Description: Urging The State And City And County Of Honolulu To Recognize And Address The Inequitable Location Of Mental Health Facilities, Clean And Sober Homes, Homeless Shelters, And Other Supportive Living Homes Across The Island Of Oahu.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Honolulu Police Department, In Conjunction With The Department Of Education, To Establish And Operate A Junior Police Program At Department Of Education High Schools.. Description: Requesting The Honolulu Police Department, In Conjunction With The Department Of Education, To Establish And Operate A Junior Police Program At Department Of Education High Schools.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Designating Hawaii's Coral Reefs As Critical Natural Infrastructure And Strongly Supporting Nature-based Solutions Such As Coral Reef Restoration For Risk Reduction.. Description: Designating Hawaii's Coral Reefs As Critical Natural Infrastructure And Strongly Supporting Nature-based Solutions Such As Coral Reef Restoration For Risk Reduction.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The City And County Of Honolulu To Move Forward With A Pearl Harbor Historic Trail Pilot Demonstration Project And Enter Into A Long-term Agreement With The United States Navy, In Partnership With The City And County Of Honolulu And State Agencies, To Ensure The Revitalization Of The Multi-use Trail.. Description: Requesting The City And County Of Honolulu To Move Forward With A Pearl Harbor Historic Trail Pilot Demonstration Project And Enter Into A Long-term Agreement With The United States Navy, In Partnership With The City And County Of Honolulu And State Agencies, To Ensure The Revitalization Of The Multi-use Trail.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Transportation To Evaluate Certain Aiea Roadways And Identify Opportunities For Improvement Of Traffic Conditions And Pedestrian Safety.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Transportation To Evaluate Certain Aiea Roadways And Identify Opportunities For Improvement Of Traffic Conditions And Pedestrian Safety.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Hawaii Emergency Management Agency To Include In All Live And Recorded Emergency Alert System Video Broadcasts, An On-screen Interpreter Disseminating The Emergency Information In American Sign Language At All Times, Including During Graphic Presentations.. Description: Urging The Hawaii Emergency Management Agency To Include In All Live And Recorded Emergency Alert System Video Broadcasts, An On-screen Interpreter Disseminating The Emergency Information In American Sign Language At All Times, Including During Graphic Presentations.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Agriculture To Convene A Feral Game Mammal Working Group To Find, Solicit, And Distribute Grants For The Control Of Feral Game Mammals.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Agriculture To Convene A Feral Game Mammal Working Group To Find, Solicit, And Distribute Grants For The Control Of Feral Game Mammals.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Human Services To Immediately Cease Intercepting Social Security Payments For Children In Foster Care.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Human Services To Immediately Cease Intercepting Social Security Payments For Children In Foster Care.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Convening Of A Sunset Memorial Park Working Group To Study Potential Solutions And Make Recommendations For A Long-term Management Plan, For Sunset Memorial Park.. Description: Requesting The Convening Of A Sunset Memorial Park Working Group To Study Potential Solutions And Make Recommendations For A Long-term Management Plan, For Sunset Memorial Park.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Hawaii Housing Finance And Development Corporation To Promote Supportive Housing In The State's Low-income Housing Tax Credit Program.. Description: Urging The Hawaii Housing Finance And Development Corporation To Promote Supportive Housing In The State's Low-income Housing Tax Credit Program.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging Hawaii's Congressional Delegation To Introduce And Support Legislation To Amend Title Iv-a Of The Social Security Act To Allow Temporary Assistance For Needy Families Funds To Be Used By States To Build Transitional Supportive Housing And Affordable Rental Housing.. Description: Urging Hawaii's Congressional Delegation To Introduce And Support Legislation To Amend Title Iv-a Of The Social Security Act To Allow Temporary Assistance For Needy Families Funds To Be Used By States To Build Transitional Supportive Housing And Affordable Rental Housing.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The City And County Of Honolulu To Exempt From Real Property Tax Those Property Owners Of Residential Units Within One-half Mile Of An Active Municipal Solid Waste Landfill Or Construction And Demolition Landfill Or Deemed To Have Been Impacted By An Active Landfill To A Degree That Warrants Such An Exemption.. Description: Urging The City And County Of Honolulu To Exempt From Real Property Tax Those Property Owners Of Residential Units Within One-half Mile Of An Active Municipal Solid Waste Landfill Or Construction And Demolition Landfill Or Deemed To Have Been Impacted By An Active Landfill To A Degree That Warrants Such An Exemption.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The State Of Hawaii, City And County Of Honolulu, Federal Entities, And Private Land Owners To Work Together To Immediately Open The Section Of The Waianae Coast Emergency Access Road Extending Paakea Road Out To Lualualei Naval Road For Public Use On A Permanent Basis.. Description: Urging The State Of Hawaii, City And County Of Honolulu, Federal Entities, And Private Land Owners To Work Together To Immediately Open The Section Of The Waianae Coast Emergency Access Road Extending Paakea Road Out To Lualualei Naval Road For Public Use On A Permanent Basis.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Transportation To Create A Second Access Point From Whitmore Village Via Saipan Drive To Kamehameha Highway To Alleviate Traffic On Whitmore Avenue.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Transportation To Create A Second Access Point From Whitmore Village Via Saipan Drive To Kamehameha Highway To Alleviate Traffic On Whitmore Avenue.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Transportation To Conduct An Assessment Report To Evaluate The Feasibility And Practicality Of Implementing Higher Levels Of Commercial General Liability Insurance For The General Aviation Industry And Helicopter Operations At Airports In The State.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Transportation To Conduct An Assessment Report To Evaluate The Feasibility And Practicality Of Implementing Higher Levels Of Commercial General Liability Insurance For The General Aviation Industry And Helicopter Operations At Airports In The State.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Judiciary To Examine The Frequency Of Complaints For Summary Possession And Motions For Summary Judgment That Are Granted In Favor Of The Landlord When The Landlord Is Represented By Counsel And The Tenant Is Acting Pro Se.. Description: Requesting The Judiciary To Examine The Frequency Of Complaints For Summary Possession And Motions For Summary Judgment That Are Granted In Favor Of The Landlord When The Landlord Is Represented By Counsel And The Tenant Is Acting Pro Se.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Hawaiian Home Lands To Identify Resources Needed To Execute A Plan To Repair Homes For Safe Habitation.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Hawaiian Home Lands To Identify Resources Needed To Execute A Plan To Repair Homes For Safe Habitation.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The University Of Hawaii To Convene A Working Group To Create A Plan For The Establishment Of A Maritime College And To Establish A Maritime College.. Description: Urging The University Of Hawaii To Convene A Working Group To Create A Plan For The Establishment Of A Maritime College And To Establish A Maritime College.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Supporting The Hawaii State Energy Office In The Establishment Of An Integrated Hawaii Pacific Hydrogen Hub.. Description: Supporting The Hawaii State Energy Office In The Establishment Of An Integrated Hawaii Pacific Hydrogen Hub.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Transportation And All County Transportation Departments To Install Designations Of "do Not Block" And Related Signage At High Traffic Intersections.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Transportation And All County Transportation Departments To Install Designations Of "do Not Block" And Related Signage At High Traffic Intersections.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting That The Chief Information Officer Review Whether All Departments, Agencies, And Offices Of The State Have Up-to-date Technology To Reduce Cyber Threats And Help Protect The State Against Cyberattacks.. Description: Requesting That The Chief Information Officer Review Whether All Departments, Agencies, And Offices Of The State Have Up-to-date Technology To Reduce Cyber Threats And Help Protect The State Against Cyberattacks.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Office Of Medical Cannabis Control And Regulation, In Collaboration With The Chairpersons Of The Senate Standing Committee On Health And Human Services And House Of Representatives Standing Committee On Health And Homelessness, To Convene The Medical And Adult Use Cannabis Working Group To Research, Develop, And Finalize Recommendations For The Creation Of A Dual Use Regulatory System Allowing Access To Medical Cannabis And Cannabis For Adult Use.. Description: Requesting The Office Of Medical Cannabis Control And Regulation, In Collaboration With The Chairpersons Of The Senate Standing Committee On Health And Human Services And House Of Representatives Standing Committee On Health And Homelessness, To Convene The Medical And Adult Use Cannabis Working Group To Research, Develop, And Finalize Recommendations For The Creation Of A Dual Use Regulatory System Allowing Access To Medical Cannabis And Cannabis For Adult Use.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Department Of Transportation To Establish A Working Group To Evaluate Options That Provide Additional Air Service To Remote And Underserved Communities Across The State.. Description: Urging The Department Of Transportation To Establish A Working Group To Evaluate Options That Provide Additional Air Service To Remote And Underserved Communities Across The State.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Accounting And General Services To Provide Menstrual Products At No Cost In State Buildings Under The Jurisdiction Of The Department Of Accounting And General Services That Are Open To The Public And Contain Public Restrooms.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Accounting And General Services To Provide Menstrual Products At No Cost In State Buildings Under The Jurisdiction Of The Department Of Accounting And General Services That Are Open To The Public And Contain Public Restrooms.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Office Of Wellness And Resilience Establish The Malama Ohana Working Group To Identify, Design, And Recommend Transformative Changes To The State's Child Welfare System.. Description: Requesting The Office Of Wellness And Resilience Establish The Malama Ohana Working Group To Identify, Design, And Recommend Transformative Changes To The State's Child Welfare System.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Public Safety To Submit A Report To The Legislature Detailing The Department's Process In Assisting Inmates In Obtaining Identification Cards.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Public Safety To Submit A Report To The Legislature Detailing The Department's Process In Assisting Inmates In Obtaining Identification Cards.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Task Force On Beach And Water Safety To Resume Convening Regular Meetings As Mandated By Law And Provide A Current Status Report To The Legislature.. Description: Requesting The Task Force On Beach And Water Safety To Resume Convening Regular Meetings As Mandated By Law And Provide A Current Status Report To The Legislature.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Governor To Convene A Task Force To Examine And Make Recommendations On The Existing Procedures For The Adoption Of The State Building Code.. Description: Requesting The Governor To Convene A Task Force To Examine And Make Recommendations On The Existing Procedures For The Adoption Of The State Building Code.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Agriculture, Department Of Land And Natural Resources, Department Of Health, The City And County Of Honolulu, And The County Of Hawaii, To Collaborate To Establish And Implement A Five-year Pilot Program To Mitigate And Control The Significant Increase In The Population Of Feral Chickens, Roosters, And Pigs.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Agriculture, Department Of Land And Natural Resources, Department Of Health, The City And County Of Honolulu, And The County Of Hawaii, To Collaborate To Establish And Implement A Five-year Pilot Program To Mitigate And Control The Significant Increase In The Population Of Feral Chickens, Roosters, And Pigs.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Transportation, In Coordination With The Department Of Transportation Services Of The City And County Of Honolulu, To Install Speed Bumps And Other Traffic Calming Structures On Ala Aolani Street In Moanalua Valley And Other Surrounding Streets Deemed Appropriate To Deter Speeding.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Transportation, In Coordination With The Department Of Transportation Services Of The City And County Of Honolulu, To Install Speed Bumps And Other Traffic Calming Structures On Ala Aolani Street In Moanalua Valley And Other Surrounding Streets Deemed Appropriate To Deter Speeding.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Department Of Land And Natural Resources To Protect Hawaii's Waters And Resources By Prohibiting Seabed Mining.. Description: Urging The Department Of Land And Natural Resources To Protect Hawaii's Waters And Resources By Prohibiting Seabed Mining.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Department Of Transportation, Department Of Accounting And General Services, And Hawaii State Energy Office To Collaborate To Develop, Implement, Administer, And Manage Various Transportation System Programs At Public Facilities That Include But Are Not Limited To Construction Or Conversion Of Parking Stalls To Accommodate Electric Vehicle Charging, Secure Bicycle Storage Lockers, And Parking Stall Sharing Between Public Employees.. Description: Urging The Department Of Transportation, Department Of Accounting And General Services, And Hawaii State Energy Office To Collaborate To Develop, Implement, Administer, And Manage Various Transportation System Programs At Public Facilities That Include But Are Not Limited To Construction Or Conversion Of Parking Stalls To Accommodate Electric Vehicle Charging, Secure Bicycle Storage Lockers, And Parking Stall Sharing Between Public Employees.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging Hawaii's Congressional Delegation To Re-introduce And Support The Passage Of The Hawaiian Home Lands Preservation Act, H.r. Res. 9614, 117th Cong. (2nd Sess. 2022), To Lower The Required Minimum Blood Quantum For Certain Department Of Hawaiian Home Lands Successor Lessee Beneficiaries From One-quarter Native Hawaiian Blood To One Thirty-second.. Description: Urging Hawaii's Congressional Delegation To Re-introduce And Support The Passage Of The Hawaiian Home Lands Preservation Act, H.r. Res. 9614, 117th Cong. (2nd Sess. 2022), To Lower The Required Minimum Blood Quantum For Certain Department Of Hawaiian Home Lands Successor Lessee Beneficiaries From One-quarter Native Hawaiian Blood To One Thirty-second.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Department Of Transportation And The Department Of Transportation Services Of The City And County Of Honolulu To Construct Elevated Crosswalks Along Meheula Parkway Near Mililani High School.. Description: Urging The Department Of Transportation And The Department Of Transportation Services Of The City And County Of Honolulu To Construct Elevated Crosswalks Along Meheula Parkway Near Mililani High School.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The City And County Of Honolulu's Crisis Outreach Response And Engagement Program To Provide Regular Care And Services To Individuals Experiencing Homelessness In The Central Oahu, North Shore, Leeward, And Windward Regions Of Oahu On A Regular Rotating Schedule.. Description: Urging The City And County Of Honolulu's Crisis Outreach Response And Engagement Program To Provide Regular Care And Services To Individuals Experiencing Homelessness In The Central Oahu, North Shore, Leeward, And Windward Regions Of Oahu On A Regular Rotating Schedule.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Strongly Urging The Supreme Court Of The United States To Adopt A Formal Ethics Code For The Justices.. Description: Strongly Urging The Supreme Court Of The United States To Adopt A Formal Ethics Code For The Justices.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Department Of Land And Natural Resources To Minimize Human Interaction At Certain Locations During Coral Spawning Events.. Description: Urging The Department Of Land And Natural Resources To Minimize Human Interaction At Certain Locations During Coral Spawning Events.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Recognizing August 8, 2023, As Hawaiian Honeycreepers Celebration Day.. Description: Recognizing August 8, 2023, As Hawaiian Honeycreepers Celebration Day.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Auditor To Conduct A Performance Audit Of All The Programs Within The State Historic Preservation Division Of The Department Of Land And Natural Resources.. Description: Requesting The Auditor To Conduct A Performance Audit Of All The Programs Within The State Historic Preservation Division Of The Department Of Land And Natural Resources.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The State Foundation On Culture And The Arts To Collaborate With The Office Of Veterans' Services To Plan And Construct Memorials To Honor The Sacrifices And Contributions Of Veterans From Hawaii.. Description: Requesting The State Foundation On Culture And The Arts To Collaborate With The Office Of Veterans' Services To Plan And Construct Memorials To Honor The Sacrifices And Contributions Of Veterans From Hawaii.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting That The Hawaii Emergency Management Agency Establish A Two-year Task Force To Address Key Findings Validated By The 2022 Resiliency Assessment Report Of The Hawaii Maritime Transportation Regional Resiliency Assessment Program Project And Plan Resiliency Enhancements.. Description: Requesting That The Hawaii Emergency Management Agency Establish A Two-year Task Force To Address Key Findings Validated By The 2022 Resiliency Assessment Report Of The Hawaii Maritime Transportation Regional Resiliency Assessment Program Project And Plan Resiliency Enhancements.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Encouraging The Facilitation Of A Path To Citizenship For Immigrants From Parties To The Compacts Of Free Association.. Description: Encouraging The Facilitation Of A Path To Citizenship For Immigrants From Parties To The Compacts Of Free Association.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Mayor Of The City And County Of Honolulu, Honolulu City Council, And Honolulu Authority For Rapid Transportation To Find A Means To Fund The Construction Of The Park-and-ride Garage At Waiawa Station And Urging The Department Of Transportation Services Of The City And County Of Honolulu To Establish Additional Transit Services Between Central Oahu And Waiawa Station.. Description: Urging The Mayor Of The City And County Of Honolulu, Honolulu City Council, And Honolulu Authority For Rapid Transportation To Find A Means To Fund The Construction Of The Park-and-ride Garage At Waiawa Station And Urging The Department Of Transportation Services Of The City And County Of Honolulu To Establish Additional Transit Services Between Central Oahu And Waiawa Station.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Department Of Agriculture To Designate Kunia, Leilehua Plateau, And Poamoho As The Central Oahu Agricultural Corridor And To Establish A List Prioritizing Potential Agricultural Infrastructure Improvement Projects That Would Provide The Most Value To The State.. Description: Urging The Department Of Agriculture To Designate Kunia, Leilehua Plateau, And Poamoho As The Central Oahu Agricultural Corridor And To Establish A List Prioritizing Potential Agricultural Infrastructure Improvement Projects That Would Provide The Most Value To The State.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The University Of Hawaii West Oahu To Establish Baccalaureate Degree Programs In Agricultural Technology, Food Science, And Education.. Description: Urging The University Of Hawaii West Oahu To Establish Baccalaureate Degree Programs In Agricultural Technology, Food Science, And Education.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Hawaii State Center For Nursing To Convene A Working Group To Study The Feasibility And Impact Of The State Adopting The Nurse Licensure Compact.. Description: Requesting The Hawaii State Center For Nursing To Convene A Working Group To Study The Feasibility And Impact Of The State Adopting The Nurse Licensure Compact.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Encouraging The State To Build A Partnership With The Kingdom Of The Netherlands And Collaborate On Similar, Shared Challenges And Goals.. Description: Encouraging The State To Build A Partnership With The Kingdom Of The Netherlands And Collaborate On Similar, Shared Challenges And Goals.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Encouraging The State's Collaboration With Sister-states On Global Environmental Leadership.. Description: Encouraging The State's Collaboration With Sister-states On Global Environmental Leadership.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging Congress To Begin A Discussion Considering The Benefits And Risks Of Artificial Intelligence Technologies.. Description: Urging Congress To Begin A Discussion Considering The Benefits And Risks Of Artificial Intelligence Technologies.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Public Works Division Of The Department Of Accounting And General Services In Collaboration With The Stadium Authority To Procure A Developer To Design, Build, Operate, And Maintain The New Aloha Stadium Facility.. Description: Urging The Public Works Division Of The Department Of Accounting And General Services In Collaboration With The Stadium Authority To Procure A Developer To Design, Build, Operate, And Maintain The New Aloha Stadium Facility.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Labor And Industrial Relations To Conduct A Study Of The Exemptions To Hawaii's Minimum Wage Law.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Labor And Industrial Relations To Conduct A Study Of The Exemptions To Hawaii's Minimum Wage Law.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Hawaii Housing Finance And Development Corporation To Revise The Prioritization And Evaluation And Ranking Criteria For Its Allocation Of Low-income Housing Tax Credits And Awards From The Rental Housing Revolving Fund.. Description: Urging The Hawaii Housing Finance And Development Corporation To Revise The Prioritization And Evaluation And Ranking Criteria For Its Allocation Of Low-income Housing Tax Credits And Awards From The Rental Housing Revolving Fund.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Transportation To Study The Feasibility And Advisability Of Eliminating The State's Safety Inspection Requirements For Motor Vehicles.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Transportation To Study The Feasibility And Advisability Of Eliminating The State's Safety Inspection Requirements For Motor Vehicles.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The United States Marine Corps To Relocate All Live Fire Training And Aviation Activity Away From Puuloa Range Training Facility.. Description: Urging The United States Marine Corps To Relocate All Live Fire Training And Aviation Activity Away From Puuloa Range Training Facility.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Public Utilities Commission To Revise Current Rate Structures And Provide Additional Benefits For Those Communities That Host Renewable Energy Projects.. Description: Requesting The Public Utilities Commission To Revise Current Rate Structures And Provide Additional Benefits For Those Communities That Host Renewable Energy Projects.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The State Foundation On Culture And The Arts To Establish A Museum Of Modern Hawaii History Task Force.. Description: Requesting The State Foundation On Culture And The Arts To Establish A Museum Of Modern Hawaii History Task Force.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Counties To Update The Design And Format Of Vehicle Registration Plates In Response To Growing Electric Vehicle And Hybrid Vehicle Sales.. Description: Requesting The Counties To Update The Design And Format Of Vehicle Registration Plates In Response To Growing Electric Vehicle And Hybrid Vehicle Sales.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Labor And Industrial Relations To Analyze The Available Data On Hawaii Workers' Compensation Cases Relating To Death Benefits For The Past Ten Years And Obtain Any Additional Data From The Hawaii Insurers Council Or Any Other State Or Federal Source To Recommend Any Updates To The Workers' Compensation Law.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Labor And Industrial Relations To Analyze The Available Data On Hawaii Workers' Compensation Cases Relating To Death Benefits For The Past Ten Years And Obtain Any Additional Data From The Hawaii Insurers Council Or Any Other State Or Federal Source To Recommend Any Updates To The Workers' Compensation Law.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Board Of Education To Report On Ways To Increase Access To Extended Learning Opportunities Or Course Credits For Non-traditional And External Learning Experiences.. Description: Requesting The Board Of Education To Report On Ways To Increase Access To Extended Learning Opportunities Or Course Credits For Non-traditional And External Learning Experiences.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Hawaiian Humane Society To Develop A Program To Assist Low-income Pet Owners Afford Emergency Care For Their Pets.. Description: Requesting The Hawaiian Humane Society To Develop A Program To Assist Low-income Pet Owners Afford Emergency Care For Their Pets.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Human Services' Med-quest Division To Take Steps Necessary To Ensure That Adequate Provider Rates Are Established For Applied Behavior Analysis Services.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Human Services' Med-quest Division To Take Steps Necessary To Ensure That Adequate Provider Rates Are Established For Applied Behavior Analysis Services.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Urging The Department Of Education To Create A Priority List For Repairing Public School Fire Alarm Systems.. Description: Urging The Department Of Education To Create A Priority List For Repairing Public School Fire Alarm Systems.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Department Of Health To Take Certain Actions Regarding Fugitive Dust.. Description: Urging The Department Of Health To Take Certain Actions Regarding Fugitive Dust.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting That The Department Of Land And Natural Resources Adopt Administrative Rules Regulating Vessel Speed Near Humpback Whales.. Description: Requesting That The Department Of Land And Natural Resources Adopt Administrative Rules Regulating Vessel Speed Near Humpback Whales.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The County Of Maui To Immediately And Substantially Increase The Fines Assessed Against Predatory Cosmetics Establishments For Violating The Maui County Historic Districts Ordinance.. Description: Urging The County Of Maui To Immediately And Substantially Increase The Fines Assessed Against Predatory Cosmetics Establishments For Violating The Maui County Historic Districts Ordinance.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Division Of Boating And Ocean Recreation Of The Department Of Land And Natural Resources And The County Of Maui To Facilitate A State And County Partnership For The Management Of All Small Boat Harbors Located On The Island Of Maui.. Description: Urging The Division Of Boating And Ocean Recreation Of The Department Of Land And Natural Resources And The County Of Maui To Facilitate A State And County Partnership For The Management Of All Small Boat Harbors Located On The Island Of Maui.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Land And Natural Resources To Transfer To The County Of Maui The Lahaina Public Library Makai Lawn.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Land And Natural Resources To Transfer To The County Of Maui The Lahaina Public Library Makai Lawn.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Auditor To Conduct A Comprehensive Management Audit Of The Division Of Boating And Ocean Recreation Of The Department Of Land And Natural Resources.. Description: Requesting The Auditor To Conduct A Comprehensive Management Audit Of The Division Of Boating And Ocean Recreation Of The Department Of Land And Natural Resources.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The United States Indo-pacific Command To More Proactively Combat Violence Against Civilian Women And Children In Hawaii By Making A Zero-tolerance Commitment, Sharing Genderbased Violence Prevalence Data With The State Government, And Launching An Anti-commercial Sexual Exploitation Program Across All Hawaii Military Installations.. Description: Urging The United States Indo-pacific Command To More Proactively Combat Violence Against Civilian Women And Children In Hawaii By Making A Zero-tolerance Commitment, Sharing Genderbased Violence Prevalence Data With The State Government, And Launching An Anti-commercial Sexual Exploitation Program Across All Hawaii Military Installations.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Land And Natural Resources To Implement An Immediate Fine For Grounded Vessels That Have Reasonably Caused Damage To The Environment Or Created A Material Burden On The State For Its Removal.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Land And Natural Resources To Implement An Immediate Fine For Grounded Vessels That Have Reasonably Caused Damage To The Environment Or Created A Material Burden On The State For Its Removal.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Land And Natural Resources To Conduct A Study On The Marine Life Conservation District Designations.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Land And Natural Resources To Conduct A Study On The Marine Life Conservation District Designations.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Executive Office On Aging To Work In Concert With The Hawaii Broadband And Digital Equity Office, Hawaii Broadband Hui, And Aarp Hawaii, To Develop A Standard Training Workshop For Kupuna And Caregivers On How To Select And Purchase Appropriate Broadband Connectivity Equipment And Audio-visual Equipment Such As Tablets, And How To Operate Equipment To Access Telehealth Services.. Description: Urging The Executive Office On Aging To Work In Concert With The Hawaii Broadband And Digital Equity Office, Hawaii Broadband Hui, And Aarp Hawaii, To Develop A Standard Training Workshop For Kupuna And Caregivers On How To Select And Purchase Appropriate Broadband Connectivity Equipment And Audio-visual Equipment Such As Tablets, And How To Operate Equipment To Access Telehealth Services.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Department Of Education And Hawaii Association Of Independent Schools To Expand The Revitalization Of The Future Farmers Of America And 4-h Youth Programs To Support Pathways To Agriculture Careers In Hawaii.. Description: Urging The Department Of Education And Hawaii Association Of Independent Schools To Expand The Revitalization Of The Future Farmers Of America And 4-h Youth Programs To Support Pathways To Agriculture Careers In Hawaii.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The National Institute Of Food And Agriculture Of The United States Department Of Agriculture To Issue Additional Funding For The Gus Schumacher Nutrition Incentive Program To Provide Matching Funds For The Expansion Of The State Double Up Food Bucks Program To All Approved Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program Retail Outlets Throughout The State.. Description: Urging The National Institute Of Food And Agriculture Of The United States Department Of Agriculture To Issue Additional Funding For The Gus Schumacher Nutrition Incentive Program To Provide Matching Funds For The Expansion Of The State Double Up Food Bucks Program To All Approved Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program Retail Outlets Throughout The State.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Department Of Agriculture To Update Its Mission Statement To Include Local Food Production To Supply Local Community Consumption, And To Feature The Mission Statement More Prominently On Its Website And Appropriate Publications.. Description: Urging The Department Of Agriculture To Update Its Mission Statement To Include Local Food Production To Supply Local Community Consumption, And To Feature The Mission Statement More Prominently On Its Website And Appropriate Publications.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Human Services To Study Providing Certain Health Insurance Coverage For All Children And Pregnant Persons Who Would Otherwise Qualify For Coverage If Not For Their Immigration Status.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Human Services To Study Providing Certain Health Insurance Coverage For All Children And Pregnant Persons Who Would Otherwise Qualify For Coverage If Not For Their Immigration Status.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Reaffirming The Commitment To Increase The State's Affordable Housing Stock By Not Allocating Special Purpose Revenue Bonds And Discouraging The Use Of Special Purpose Revenue Bonds.. Description: Reaffirming The Commitment To Increase The State's Affordable Housing Stock By Not Allocating Special Purpose Revenue Bonds And Discouraging The Use Of Special Purpose Revenue Bonds.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Office Of Planning And Sustainable Development To Convene A Multiagency Working Group To Identify Sites That Have The Collective Capacity To Accommodate Ten Thousand New Homes Per Year, For The Next Fifty Years.. Description: Requesting The Office Of Planning And Sustainable Development To Convene A Multiagency Working Group To Identify Sites That Have The Collective Capacity To Accommodate Ten Thousand New Homes Per Year, For The Next Fifty Years.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting A Feasibility Study On Redeveloping Lands Situated At Tmk (1) 2-8-015:001 Into Workforce Housing And Other Affiliated Uses.. Description: Requesting A Feasibility Study On Redeveloping Lands Situated At Tmk (1) 2-8-015:001 Into Workforce Housing And Other Affiliated Uses.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Legislative Reference Bureau To Summarize The Laws In Other States That Provide For A Continuous Legislative Session.. Description: Requesting The Legislative Reference Bureau To Summarize The Laws In Other States That Provide For A Continuous Legislative Session.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Establishment Of A Native Hawaiian Intellectual Property Working Group To Discuss Policies And Legislation With Respect To Native Hawaiian Intellectual Property.. Description: Urging The Establishment Of A Native Hawaiian Intellectual Property Working Group To Discuss Policies And Legislation With Respect To Native Hawaiian Intellectual Property.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The City And County Of Honolulu To Relocate The Bus Turnaround Off Makau Street To Keaau Beach Park Or The Surrounding Area.. Description: Requesting The City And County Of Honolulu To Relocate The Bus Turnaround Off Makau Street To Keaau Beach Park Or The Surrounding Area.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting A Feasibility Study On Redeveloping Lands Situated At Tmk (1) 2-8-015:001 Into Workforce Housing And Other Affiliated Uses.. Description: Requesting A Feasibility Study On Redeveloping Lands Situated At Tmk (1) 2-8-015:001 Into Workforce Housing And Other Affiliated Uses.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Office Of The Administrative Director Of The Courts Of The Hawaii State Judiciary To Collect, Compile, And Share Data On The Assessment Of Fees, Court Costs, Fines, And Restitution In Cases Against Minors.. Description: Requesting The Office Of The Administrative Director Of The Courts Of The Hawaii State Judiciary To Collect, Compile, And Share Data On The Assessment Of Fees, Court Costs, Fines, And Restitution In Cases Against Minors.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Hawaii Housing Finance And Development Corporation To Adopt Administrative Rules To Create A Process Under Section 201h-38, Hawaii Revised Statutes, For Housing Projects Exclusively Occupied By Hawaii Residents Who Own No Other Real Property.. Description: Urging The Hawaii Housing Finance And Development Corporation To Adopt Administrative Rules To Create A Process Under Section 201h-38, Hawaii Revised Statutes, For Housing Projects Exclusively Occupied By Hawaii Residents Who Own No Other Real Property.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Hawaii Housing Finance And Development Corporation To Prioritize The Allocation Of Funds From The Rental Housing Revolving Fund, Dwelling Unit Revolving Fund, And Low-income Housing Tax Credits For Projects That Will Make The Most Efficient Use Of Taxpayer Funds And Address The Most Urgent State Priorities.. Description: Urging The Hawaii Housing Finance And Development Corporation To Prioritize The Allocation Of Funds From The Rental Housing Revolving Fund, Dwelling Unit Revolving Fund, And Low-income Housing Tax Credits For Projects That Will Make The Most Efficient Use Of Taxpayer Funds And Address The Most Urgent State Priorities.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Hawaii Housing Finance And Development Corporation To Issue Loans Or Grants To Buyers In High Priority Housing Categories, Including But Not Limited To Buyers With Incomes Above Sixty And At Or Below One Hundred Forty Percent Of The Median Family Income For The State, Owner-occupants Who Own No Other Real Property, Individuals On The Department Of Hawaiian Home Lands Waitlist, And Public Employees.. Description: Urging The Hawaii Housing Finance And Development Corporation To Issue Loans Or Grants To Buyers In High Priority Housing Categories, Including But Not Limited To Buyers With Incomes Above Sixty And At Or Below One Hundred Forty Percent Of The Median Family Income For The State, Owner-occupants Who Own No Other Real Property, Individuals On The Department Of Hawaiian Home Lands Waitlist, And Public Employees.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Land And Natural Resources To Investigate The Causes Of And Update Key Information On, Including Facts And Statistics, The Decline Of The Critically Endangered Palila (loxioides Bailleui) Bird On Mauna Kea.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Land And Natural Resources To Investigate The Causes Of And Update Key Information On, Including Facts And Statistics, The Decline Of The Critically Endangered Palila (loxioides Bailleui) Bird On Mauna Kea.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting Each County To Develop A Comprehensive Integrated Wastewater Management Plan And Financial Strategy To Upgrade Or Convert Cesspools Located Within Its Respective Jurisdiction By 2050.. Description: Requesting Each County To Develop A Comprehensive Integrated Wastewater Management Plan And Financial Strategy To Upgrade Or Convert Cesspools Located Within Its Respective Jurisdiction By 2050.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Legislature To Convene A Working Group With Representation From All Levels Of Government To Develop A Program To Phase Out The Use Of Perfluoroalkyl And Polyfluoroalkyl Substances (pfas) In The State.. Description: Requesting The Legislature To Convene A Working Group With Representation From All Levels Of Government To Develop A Program To Phase Out The Use Of Perfluoroalkyl And Polyfluoroalkyl Substances (pfas) In The State.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The University Of Hawaii At Manoa College Of Tropical Agriculture And Human Resources To Convene A Working Group To Evaluate Updating Its Cooperative Extension Sites And To Submit A Report To The Legislature Regarding Its Work.. Description: Requesting The University Of Hawaii At Manoa College Of Tropical Agriculture And Human Resources To Convene A Working Group To Evaluate Updating Its Cooperative Extension Sites And To Submit A Report To The Legislature Regarding Its Work.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Agriculture To Examine Organic Pesticides For Authorized Use In The State.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Agriculture To Examine Organic Pesticides For Authorized Use In The State.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Recess Days For The Regular Session Of 2023.. Description: Relating To Recess Days For The Regular Session Of 2023.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Governor To Address The Legislature Assembled In Joint Session.. Description: Requesting The Governor To Address The Legislature Assembled In Joint Session.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Human Services Med-quest Division, In Collaboration With The Department Of Commerce And Consumer Affairs, To Expand The Types Of Qualified Providers Allowed To Provide Lactation Consultant Services For The Medicaid Population In The State.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Human Services Med-quest Division, In Collaboration With The Department Of Commerce And Consumer Affairs, To Expand The Types Of Qualified Providers Allowed To Provide Lactation Consultant Services For The Medicaid Population In The State.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Urging The County Governments To Review Their Respective Government Structure To Identify Organizational Risks Of Corruption And Ethical Violations And To Develop Systematic Improvements To Such Risks.. Description: Urging The County Governments To Review Their Respective Government Structure To Identify Organizational Risks Of Corruption And Ethical Violations And To Develop Systematic Improvements To Such Risks.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Urging The Counties To Devote Sufficient Funding To Their Respective County Ethics Boards Or Commissions.. Description: Urging The Counties To Devote Sufficient Funding To Their Respective County Ethics Boards Or Commissions.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Hawaii Housing Finance And Development Corporation To Study The Viability Of Increasing The Minimum Percentage Of Affordable Housing Units In A Project Required To Be Set Aside To Qualify For An Exemption Under Chapter 201, Hawaii Revised Statutes.. Description: Requesting The Hawaii Housing Finance And Development Corporation To Study The Viability Of Increasing The Minimum Percentage Of Affordable Housing Units In A Project Required To Be Set Aside To Qualify For An Exemption Under Chapter 201, Hawaii Revised Statutes.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Affirming Support And Solidarity With The Free And Independent People Of Ukraine.. Description: Affirming Support And Solidarity With The Free And Independent People Of Ukraine.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Hawaii State Energy Office To Engage The United States Department Of Energy To Establish A Permanent Presence Within The State Of Hawaii.. Description: Requesting The Hawaii State Energy Office To Engage The United States Department Of Energy To Establish A Permanent Presence Within The State Of Hawaii.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Urging The Counties To Implement And Enforce Regulations That Ensure Car Sharing Services And Operations Do Not Negatively Impact The Traffic, Parking, And Character Of Residential Neighborhoods.. Description: Urging The Counties To Implement And Enforce Regulations That Ensure Car Sharing Services And Operations Do Not Negatively Impact The Traffic, Parking, And Character Of Residential Neighborhoods.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Department Of Transportation Services Of The City And County Of Honolulu To Conduct A Feasibility Study Of Widening The Portion Of University Avenue Between Maile Way And Oahu Avenue To Become A Complete Street Providing Safe And Protected Transit For All Modes.. Description: Urging The Department Of Transportation Services Of The City And County Of Honolulu To Conduct A Feasibility Study Of Widening The Portion Of University Avenue Between Maile Way And Oahu Avenue To Become A Complete Street Providing Safe And Protected Transit For All Modes.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The City And County Of Honolulu To Remove The Ocean Safety And Lifeguard Services Division From The Emergency Services Department And Establish It As A New, Separate Department.. Description: Urging The City And County Of Honolulu To Remove The Ocean Safety And Lifeguard Services Division From The Emergency Services Department And Establish It As A New, Separate Department.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Urging The City And County Of Honolulu And Honolulu Police Department To Increase Police Presence In Haleiwa Due To An Increase In Homeless Individuals And Crime In The Area.. Description: Urging The City And County Of Honolulu And Honolulu Police Department To Increase Police Presence In Haleiwa Due To An Increase In Homeless Individuals And Crime In The Area.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Hawaii Correctional System Oversight Commission To Convene A Task Force To Examine And Make Recommendations Regarding Existing Procedures Of The Hawaii Paroling Authority Setting The Minimum Terms Of Imprisonment.. Description: Requesting The Hawaii Correctional System Oversight Commission To Convene A Task Force To Examine And Make Recommendations Regarding Existing Procedures Of The Hawaii Paroling Authority Setting The Minimum Terms Of Imprisonment.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Urging The Department Of Land And Natural Resources To Protect Hawaii's Waters And Resources By Prohibiting Seabed Mining.. Description: Urging The Department Of Land And Natural Resources To Protect Hawaii's Waters And Resources By Prohibiting Seabed Mining.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Auditor To Conduct A Performance Audit Of The Operations And Management Of The Department Of Land And Natural Resources' Division Of Boating And Ocean Recreation.. Description: Requesting The Auditor To Conduct A Performance Audit Of The Operations And Management Of The Department Of Land And Natural Resources' Division Of Boating And Ocean Recreation.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Designating The Month Of March As Hawaii Kidney Awareness Month.. Description: Designating The Month Of March As Hawaii Kidney Awareness Month.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Commerce And Consumer Affairs To Study Potential Solutions And Make Recommendations For A Long-term Management Plan For Sunset Memorial Park.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Commerce And Consumer Affairs To Study Potential Solutions And Make Recommendations For A Long-term Management Plan For Sunset Memorial Park.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting That The Department Of Taxation Create A Simplified N-11 Form For Use By Individuals Without Taxable Income That Is Subject To State Income Tax.. Description: Requesting That The Department Of Taxation Create A Simplified N-11 Form For Use By Individuals Without Taxable Income That Is Subject To State Income Tax.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Department Of Transportation To Construct An All-way Crosswalk Along The Cross-streets Of Kahualii Street, Waipio Point Access Road, And Farrington Highway.. Description: Urging The Department Of Transportation To Construct An All-way Crosswalk Along The Cross-streets Of Kahualii Street, Waipio Point Access Road, And Farrington Highway.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Designating November 22, 2023, As "kimchi Day" In The State Of Hawaii.. Description: Designating November 22, 2023, As "kimchi Day" In The State Of Hawaii.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Executive Office Of Aging To Conduct A Study On The Adequacy Of Elder Care On Molokai And Lanai, And In East Maui.. Description: Requesting The Executive Office Of Aging To Conduct A Study On The Adequacy Of Elder Care On Molokai And Lanai, And In East Maui.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Supporting The Hawaii State Energy Office In The Establishment Of An Integrated Hawaii Pacific Hydrogen Hub.. Description: Supporting The Hawaii State Energy Office In The Establishment Of An Integrated Hawaii Pacific Hydrogen Hub.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Comptroller, In Consultation With Other State Officials, To Submit A Report On The Process And Procedures For The Transfer Of Funds To The Works Of Art Special Fund.. Description: Requesting The Comptroller, In Consultation With Other State Officials, To Submit A Report On The Process And Procedures For The Transfer Of Funds To The Works Of Art Special Fund.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The National Institute Of Food And Agriculture Of The United States Department Of Agriculture To Issue Additional Funding For The Gus Schumacher Nutrition Incentive Program To Provide Matching Funds For The Expansion Of The State Double Up Food Bucks Program To All Approved Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program Retail Outlets Throughout The State.. Description: Urging The National Institute Of Food And Agriculture Of The United States Department Of Agriculture To Issue Additional Funding For The Gus Schumacher Nutrition Incentive Program To Provide Matching Funds For The Expansion Of The State Double Up Food Bucks Program To All Approved Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program Retail Outlets Throughout The State.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting That The Hawaii Emergency Management Agency Establish A Two-year Task Force To Address Key Findings Validated By The 2022 Resiliency Assessment Report Of The Hawaii Maritime Transportation Regional Resiliency Assessment Program Project And Plan Resiliency Enhancements.. Description: Requesting That The Hawaii Emergency Management Agency Establish A Two-year Task Force To Address Key Findings Validated By The 2022 Resiliency Assessment Report Of The Hawaii Maritime Transportation Regional Resiliency Assessment Program Project And Plan Resiliency Enhancements.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Public Utilities Commission To Open A New Proceeding Relating To The Removal Of Abandoned Or Double Utility Poles, Lines, And Equipment.. Description: Urging The Public Utilities Commission To Open A New Proceeding Relating To The Removal Of Abandoned Or Double Utility Poles, Lines, And Equipment.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Human Services To Immediately Cease Intercepting Social Security Payments For Children In Foster Care.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Human Services To Immediately Cease Intercepting Social Security Payments For Children In Foster Care.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Land And Natural Resources To Provide Updated Statistics And Facts Relating To The Decline Of Palila On Mauna Kea And Investigate The Factors Causing The Decline Of The Palila Population.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Land And Natural Resources To Provide Updated Statistics And Facts Relating To The Decline Of Palila On Mauna Kea And Investigate The Factors Causing The Decline Of The Palila Population.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Governor To Initiate A Clemency Program For Individuals Who Have Been Prosecuted For Cannabis-related Offenses.. Description: Urging The Governor To Initiate A Clemency Program For Individuals Who Have Been Prosecuted For Cannabis-related Offenses.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Hawaii County Department Of Water Supply To Convene A Working Group To Examine Opportunities For Increasing Water Access And Strengthening Water Infrastructure For Underserved Communities On Hawaii Island.. Description: Requesting The Hawaii County Department Of Water Supply To Convene A Working Group To Examine Opportunities For Increasing Water Access And Strengthening Water Infrastructure For Underserved Communities On Hawaii Island.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Urging The University Of Hawaii At Manoa John A. Burns School Of Medicine To Prioritize Efforts To Strengthen Hawaii's Reproductive Care Workforce, Particularly For Rural And Remote Areas Of The State.. Description: Urging The University Of Hawaii At Manoa John A. Burns School Of Medicine To Prioritize Efforts To Strengthen Hawaii's Reproductive Care Workforce, Particularly For Rural And Remote Areas Of The State.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Hawaii Broadband And Digital Equity Office To Increase Access To Wi-fi In Public Parks Throughout The State.. Description: Requesting The Hawaii Broadband And Digital Equity Office To Increase Access To Wi-fi In Public Parks Throughout The State.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Labor And Industrial Relations To Complete A Comparative Study Of Its Policies On Youth Employment And Federal Requirements For Youth Employment Under The Fair Labor Standards Act And Examine Policies That Will Broaden Work-based Learning Opportunities For Students.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Labor And Industrial Relations To Complete A Comparative Study Of Its Policies On Youth Employment And Federal Requirements For Youth Employment Under The Fair Labor Standards Act And Examine Policies That Will Broaden Work-based Learning Opportunities For Students.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Department Of Education To Prioritize Funding For The English Learner Program In Public Schools To Address The Increasing Population Of English Learner Students.. Description: Urging The Department Of Education To Prioritize Funding For The English Learner Program In Public Schools To Address The Increasing Population Of English Learner Students.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Hawaii Labor Relations Board To Establish Objective Standards And Criteria For Splitting Off A Group Of State Workers Into A New Bargaining Unit.. Description: Requesting The Hawaii Labor Relations Board To Establish Objective Standards And Criteria For Splitting Off A Group Of State Workers Into A New Bargaining Unit.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Parks And Recreation Of The City And County Of Honolulu To Restore The Field Of Maunawili Valley Neighborhood Park And Develop A Plan To Restore The Entire Park.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Parks And Recreation Of The City And County Of Honolulu To Restore The Field Of Maunawili Valley Neighborhood Park And Develop A Plan To Restore The Entire Park.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Legislative Reference Bureau To Research The Laws, Ordinances, And Rules Prohibiting Conduct On Or Near School Grounds, Or For The General Protection Of Children Attending School, And To Distribute A Summary Of Those Laws To State And County Buildings For Public Display.. Description: Requesting The Legislative Reference Bureau To Research The Laws, Ordinances, And Rules Prohibiting Conduct On Or Near School Grounds, Or For The General Protection Of Children Attending School, And To Distribute A Summary Of Those Laws To State And County Buildings For Public Display.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Establishment Of A Hawaii-taiwan Friendship Taskforce To Explore Ways To Strengthen, Improve, And Expand Economic, Cultural, And Educational Relations Between Hawaii And Taiwan.. Description: Requesting The Establishment Of A Hawaii-taiwan Friendship Taskforce To Explore Ways To Strengthen, Improve, And Expand Economic, Cultural, And Educational Relations Between Hawaii And Taiwan.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Urging The Hawaii Sister-state Committee To Recommend The Initiation Of A Sister-state Relationship Between Hawaii And Fujian Province.. Description: Urging The Hawaii Sister-state Committee To Recommend The Initiation Of A Sister-state Relationship Between Hawaii And Fujian Province.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The United States To Support Taiwan's Participation In International Organizations, Including The World Health Organization, International Criminal Police Organization, United Nations Framework Convention On Climate Change, And International Civil Aviation Organization And Urging International Organizations To Grant Taiwan Membership, Observer, Or Other Appropriate Status.. Description: Urging The United States To Support Taiwan's Participation In International Organizations, Including The World Health Organization, International Criminal Police Organization, United Nations Framework Convention On Climate Change, And International Civil Aviation Organization And Urging International Organizations To Grant Taiwan Membership, Observer, Or Other Appropriate Status.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Office Of Youth Services And Family Court Of The First Judicial Circuit To Collaborate In Identifying Processes, Procedures, And Strategies For Partnering With Community Organizations To Maximize Rehabilitation And Minimize Recidivism For Juvenile Offenders.. Description: Urging The Office Of Youth Services And Family Court Of The First Judicial Circuit To Collaborate In Identifying Processes, Procedures, And Strategies For Partnering With Community Organizations To Maximize Rehabilitation And Minimize Recidivism For Juvenile Offenders.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Formation Of A Working Group To Create A Plan Regarding The Return Of Cultural Artifacts.. Description: Requesting The Formation Of A Working Group To Create A Plan Regarding The Return Of Cultural Artifacts.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Encouraging The Facilitation Of A Path To Citizenship For Immigrants From Parties To The Compacts Of Free Association.. Description: Encouraging The Facilitation Of A Path To Citizenship For Immigrants From Parties To The Compacts Of Free Association.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Education To Contract With A Qualified Nonprofit Organization To Establish Aquatic Safety Education Programs In Certain Department Of Education Schools.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Education To Contract With A Qualified Nonprofit Organization To Establish Aquatic Safety Education Programs In Certain Department Of Education Schools.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Auditor To Conduct A Social And Financial Assessment Of Proposed Mandatory Health Insurance Coverage For Various Sexual And Reproductive Health Care Services.. Description: Requesting The Auditor To Conduct A Social And Financial Assessment Of Proposed Mandatory Health Insurance Coverage For Various Sexual And Reproductive Health Care Services.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Department Of Facility Maintenance Of The City And County Of Honolulu To Conduct An Assessment And Prepare And Execute A Plan To Maintain Manoa Stream.. Description: Urging The Department Of Facility Maintenance Of The City And County Of Honolulu To Conduct An Assessment And Prepare And Execute A Plan To Maintain Manoa Stream.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Designating Hawaii's Coral Reefs As Critical Natural Infrastructure And Strongly Supporting Nature-based Solutions Such As Coral Reef Restoration For Risk Reduction.. Description: Designating Hawaii's Coral Reefs As Critical Natural Infrastructure And Strongly Supporting Nature-based Solutions Such As Coral Reef Restoration For Risk Reduction.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Recognizing August 8, 2023, As Hawaiian Honeycreepers Celebration Day.. Description: Recognizing August 8, 2023, As Hawaiian Honeycreepers Celebration Day.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Labor And Industrial Relations To Provide And Produce Updated Actuarial Studies Regarding The Lifespan Probabilities Of Surviving Dependent Beneficiaries For The Purpose Of Applying Hawaii's Workers' Compensation Law.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Labor And Industrial Relations To Provide And Produce Updated Actuarial Studies Regarding The Lifespan Probabilities Of Surviving Dependent Beneficiaries For The Purpose Of Applying Hawaii's Workers' Compensation Law.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Urging Microsoft To Consider Building A Data Center In Hawaii.. Description: Urging Microsoft To Consider Building A Data Center In Hawaii.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Legislative Reference Bureau To Report On Systems Of Firearms Insurance And Other Financial Responsibility Requirements Pertaining To Firearms.. Description: Requesting The Legislative Reference Bureau To Report On Systems Of Firearms Insurance And Other Financial Responsibility Requirements Pertaining To Firearms.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Office Of Elections To Prepare And Submit A Proposal To The Legislature On The Cost And Personnel Required To Prepare And Distribute A Voter Information Guide.. Description: Requesting The Office Of Elections To Prepare And Submit A Proposal To The Legislature On The Cost And Personnel Required To Prepare And Distribute A Voter Information Guide.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Judiciary To Prepare A Master Development Plan, Including A Capitol Improvement Project Request, To Upgrade The South Kohala District Court.. Description: Requesting The Judiciary To Prepare A Master Development Plan, Including A Capitol Improvement Project Request, To Upgrade The South Kohala District Court.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Transportation, In Coordination With The Department Of Transportation Services Of The City And County Of Honolulu, To Install Speed Bumps And Other Traffic Calming Structures On Ala Aolani Street In Moanalua Valley And Other Surrounding Streets Deemed Appropriate To Deter Speeding.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Transportation, In Coordination With The Department Of Transportation Services Of The City And County Of Honolulu, To Install Speed Bumps And Other Traffic Calming Structures On Ala Aolani Street In Moanalua Valley And Other Surrounding Streets Deemed Appropriate To Deter Speeding.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Department Of Health To Continue To Prioritize Testing Of Fecal Indicator Bacteria Levels In The Waters Of Pokai Bay And Requesting The City And County Of Honolulu Department Of Parks And Recreation To Prioritize Renovations Of The Restroom Facilities At Pokai Bay.. Description: Urging The Department Of Health To Continue To Prioritize Testing Of Fecal Indicator Bacteria Levels In The Waters Of Pokai Bay And Requesting The City And County Of Honolulu Department Of Parks And Recreation To Prioritize Renovations Of The Restroom Facilities At Pokai Bay.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Auditor To Assess The Social And Financial Effects Of Mandatory Health Insurance Coverage For Fertility Preservation Procedures For Certain Persons Who Have Been Diagnosed With Cancer And Whose Cancer Or Cancer Treatment May Adversely Affect Their Fertility.. Description: Requesting The Auditor To Assess The Social And Financial Effects Of Mandatory Health Insurance Coverage For Fertility Preservation Procedures For Certain Persons Who Have Been Diagnosed With Cancer And Whose Cancer Or Cancer Treatment May Adversely Affect Their Fertility.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Urging The Real Estate Commission To Develop Policies And Programs To Inform And Educate Condominium Association Owners And Board Members Of Certain Matters To Promote The Efficient Administration Of Condominium Associations.. Description: Urging The Real Estate Commission To Develop Policies And Programs To Inform And Educate Condominium Association Owners And Board Members Of Certain Matters To Promote The Efficient Administration Of Condominium Associations.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Legislative Reference Bureau To Conduct An Analysis Regarding The Scope Of Practice For Advanced Practice Registered Nurses And Physician Assistants.. Description: Requesting The Legislative Reference Bureau To Conduct An Analysis Regarding The Scope Of Practice For Advanced Practice Registered Nurses And Physician Assistants.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Health To Convene A Working Group To Review And Update The Applicable Chapters Of The Hawaii Revised Statutes That Relate To Mental Health And Involuntary Transport, Examination, Hospitalization, And Treatment, Including Assisted Community Treatment.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Health To Convene A Working Group To Review And Update The Applicable Chapters Of The Hawaii Revised Statutes That Relate To Mental Health And Involuntary Transport, Examination, Hospitalization, And Treatment, Including Assisted Community Treatment.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The University Of Hawaii Water Resources Research Center To Conduct A Feasibility Study On New Technologies Related To Cesspool Water Remediation, Which May Include Organic Biodegradable Water Clarifiers.. Description: Requesting The University Of Hawaii Water Resources Research Center To Conduct A Feasibility Study On New Technologies Related To Cesspool Water Remediation, Which May Include Organic Biodegradable Water Clarifiers.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging All Branches Of The United States Military Operating In Hawaii To Implement Changes In Their Policies To Reduce, To The Extent Possible, The Use Of Products Containing Perfluoroalkyl And Polyfluoroalkyl Substances.. Description: Urging All Branches Of The United States Military Operating In Hawaii To Implement Changes In Their Policies To Reduce, To The Extent Possible, The Use Of Products Containing Perfluoroalkyl And Polyfluoroalkyl Substances.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Land And Natural Resources And City And County Of Honolulu To Independently Identify The Roads, Monuments, Landmarks, And Public Parks Within Their Respective Jurisdictions That Use The Name "diamond Head" And Identify The Process For Renaming These Roads, Monuments, Landmarks, And Public Parks From "diamond Head" To "lahi".. Description: Requesting The Department Of Land And Natural Resources And City And County Of Honolulu To Independently Identify The Roads, Monuments, Landmarks, And Public Parks Within Their Respective Jurisdictions That Use The Name "diamond Head" And Identify The Process For Renaming These Roads, Monuments, Landmarks, And Public Parks From "diamond Head" To "lahi".
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Facility Maintenance Of The City And County Of Honolulu To Dredge And Clean The Ulehawa Stream And Canal.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Facility Maintenance Of The City And County Of Honolulu To Dredge And Clean The Ulehawa Stream And Canal.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The City And County Of Honolulu To Exempt From Real Property Tax Those Property Owners Of Residential Units Within One-half Mile Of An Active Municipal Solid Waste Landfill Or Construction And Demolition Landfill Or Deemed To Have Been Impacted By An Active Landfill To A Degree That Warrants Such An Exemption.. Description: Urging The City And County Of Honolulu To Exempt From Real Property Tax Those Property Owners Of Residential Units Within One-half Mile Of An Active Municipal Solid Waste Landfill Or Construction And Demolition Landfill Or Deemed To Have Been Impacted By An Active Landfill To A Degree That Warrants Such An Exemption.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Establishment Of A Native Hawaiian Intellectual Property Working Group To Discuss Policies And Legislation With Respect To Native Hawaiian Intellectual Property.. Description: Urging The Establishment Of A Native Hawaiian Intellectual Property Working Group To Discuss Policies And Legislation With Respect To Native Hawaiian Intellectual Property.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Health's Solid Waste Section, Subject To The Availability Of Funding, To Investigate Strategies For Improved Waste Diversion By Working With The Counties To Address Each County's Unique Needs According To Its Geography, Population, And Industry Make-up.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Health's Solid Waste Section, Subject To The Availability Of Funding, To Investigate Strategies For Improved Waste Diversion By Working With The Counties To Address Each County's Unique Needs According To Its Geography, Population, And Industry Make-up.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Authorizing The Issuance Of A Term, Non-exclusive Easement Covering A Portion Of State Submerged Lands At Kaneohe, Koolaupoko, Oahu, For The Existing Boat Ramp And Concrete Wall, And For Use, Repair, And Maintenance Of The Existing Improvements Constructed Thereon.. Description: Authorizing The Issuance Of A Term, Non-exclusive Easement Covering A Portion Of State Submerged Lands At Kaneohe, Koolaupoko, Oahu, For The Existing Boat Ramp And Concrete Wall, And For Use, Repair, And Maintenance Of The Existing Improvements Constructed Thereon.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Committee On Weights To Recommend, And The Board Of Education To Adopt, A Weighted Student Formula That Gives Equal Consideration To Small And Remote Schools.. Description: Urging The Committee On Weights To Recommend, And The Board Of Education To Adopt, A Weighted Student Formula That Gives Equal Consideration To Small And Remote Schools.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Counties To Include Townhomes In The Residential Permitting Process For The Installation Of Solar Panels.. Description: Urging The Counties To Include Townhomes In The Residential Permitting Process For The Installation Of Solar Panels.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Urging The United States Congress To Adopt National Carbon Fee And Dividend Legislation.. Description: Urging The United States Congress To Adopt National Carbon Fee And Dividend Legislation.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Hawaiian Home Lands To Identify Resources Needed To Execute A Plan To Repair Homes For Safe Habitation.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Hawaiian Home Lands To Identify Resources Needed To Execute A Plan To Repair Homes For Safe Habitation.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The United States Department Of Agriculture Natural Resources Conservation Service To Take Certain Actions Regarding Fugitive Dust.. Description: Urging The United States Department Of Agriculture Natural Resources Conservation Service To Take Certain Actions Regarding Fugitive Dust.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Agriculture To Conduct A Study To Recommend Appropriate Labeling Requirements For Hawaii-grown Tea.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Agriculture To Conduct A Study To Recommend Appropriate Labeling Requirements For Hawaii-grown Tea.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Department Of Transportation To Establish Safe Routes To School In Waipahu.. Description: Urging The Department Of Transportation To Establish Safe Routes To School In Waipahu.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Facility Maintenance Of The City And County Of Honolulu To Clean Certain Streams And Canals In Waipahu.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Facility Maintenance Of The City And County Of Honolulu To Clean Certain Streams And Canals In Waipahu.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing October 2 Through October 6, 2023, As Digital Inclusion Week In The State Of Hawaii.. Description: Recognizing October 2 Through October 6, 2023, As Digital Inclusion Week In The State Of Hawaii.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Urging The Hawaii Housing Finance And Development Corporation To Promote Supportive Housing In The State's Low-income Housing Tax Credit Program.. Description: Urging The Hawaii Housing Finance And Development Corporation To Promote Supportive Housing In The State's Low-income Housing Tax Credit Program.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Urging Hawaii's Congressional Delegation To Introduce And Support Legislation To Amend Title Iv-a Of The Social Security Act To Allow Temporary Assistance For Needy Families Funds To Be Used By States To Build Transitional Supportive Housing And Affordable Rental Housing.. Description: Urging Hawaii's Congressional Delegation To Introduce And Support Legislation To Amend Title Iv-a Of The Social Security Act To Allow Temporary Assistance For Needy Families Funds To Be Used By States To Build Transitional Supportive Housing And Affordable Rental Housing.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Urging The University Of Hawaii To Strengthen The Center For Labor Education And Research At The University Of Hawaii West Oahu By Establishing A Working Group To Develop A Community-driven Vision For The Centers Programs.. Description: Urging The University Of Hawaii To Strengthen The Center For Labor Education And Research At The University Of Hawaii West Oahu By Establishing A Working Group To Develop A Community-driven Vision For The Centers Programs.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Urging The University Of Hawaii To Convene A Working Group To Create A Plan For The Establishment Of A Maritime College And To Establish A Maritime College.. Description: Urging The University Of Hawaii To Convene A Working Group To Create A Plan For The Establishment Of A Maritime College And To Establish A Maritime College.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The University Of Hawaii At Manoa College Of Tropical Agriculture And Human Resources To Convene A Working Group To Evaluate Updating Its Extension Sites.. Description: Requesting The University Of Hawaii At Manoa College Of Tropical Agriculture And Human Resources To Convene A Working Group To Evaluate Updating Its Extension Sites.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Urging The Board Of Education To Develop And Enforce Non-sex Segregated Dress Codes For Public School Formal Events.. Description: Urging The Board Of Education To Develop And Enforce Non-sex Segregated Dress Codes For Public School Formal Events.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting That The Department Of Transportation Establish An Air Service Task Force To Provide Recommendations For Improving Commercial Air Travel To And From Molokai And Lanai.. Description: Requesting That The Department Of Transportation Establish An Air Service Task Force To Provide Recommendations For Improving Commercial Air Travel To And From Molokai And Lanai.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Urging The Federal Aviation Administration And Hawaii's Congressional Delegation To Take Any Actions Necessary To Establish An Air Traffic Control Tower At Lanai Airport.. Description: Urging The Federal Aviation Administration And Hawaii's Congressional Delegation To Take Any Actions Necessary To Establish An Air Traffic Control Tower At Lanai Airport.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Hawaiian Home Lands To Conduct A Study That Evaluates Possible Methods Of Flood Remediation And Flood Aversion For Certain Areas Of The Island Of Molokai.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Hawaiian Home Lands To Conduct A Study That Evaluates Possible Methods Of Flood Remediation And Flood Aversion For Certain Areas Of The Island Of Molokai.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Hawaii Tobacco Quitline To Make Permanently Visible On Each Page Of Its Website Information Pertaining To The Availability Of Interpretation Services Upon Request.. Description: Requesting The Hawaii Tobacco Quitline To Make Permanently Visible On Each Page Of Its Website Information Pertaining To The Availability Of Interpretation Services Upon Request.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Labor And Industrial Relations To Continue To Recognize And Accept The Right Of A Provider Of Service To Assign The Right To Participate In A Workers' Compensation Billing Dispute To A Billing Company.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Labor And Industrial Relations To Continue To Recognize And Accept The Right Of A Provider Of Service To Assign The Right To Participate In A Workers' Compensation Billing Dispute To A Billing Company.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Board Of Education, In Partnership With The Department Of Education, To Produce A Report On Increasing Access To Tutoring Services Within And Outside Of Hawaii's K-12 Public Schools.. Description: Requesting The Board Of Education, In Partnership With The Department Of Education, To Produce A Report On Increasing Access To Tutoring Services Within And Outside Of Hawaii's K-12 Public Schools.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Mayors And Councils Of The City And County Of Honolulu, County Of Maui, County Of Hawaii, And County Of Kauai To Establish Business Improvement Districts As Special Improvement Districts.. Description: Urging The Mayors And Councils Of The City And County Of Honolulu, County Of Maui, County Of Hawaii, And County Of Kauai To Establish Business Improvement Districts As Special Improvement Districts.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Urging The University Of Hawaii Community Colleges To Establish Baccalaureate Degree Programs In Agricultural Technology, Food Science, And Education At Leeward Community College.. Description: Urging The University Of Hawaii Community Colleges To Establish Baccalaureate Degree Programs In Agricultural Technology, Food Science, And Education At Leeward Community College.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Human Services To Perform A Study To Determine If The Government As A Whole Is Adequately Allocating Funding For Each Region Of Oahu For Homeless Services.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Human Services To Perform A Study To Determine If The Government As A Whole Is Adequately Allocating Funding For Each Region Of Oahu For Homeless Services.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Urging The Board Of Land And Natural Resources To Establish A Task Force To Prepare A Feasibility Plan For The Transition Of The Management Of The Makua Military Reservation To The State From The United States Army Upon The Expiration Of General Lease Number S-3848.. Description: Urging The Board Of Land And Natural Resources To Establish A Task Force To Prepare A Feasibility Plan For The Transition Of The Management Of The Makua Military Reservation To The State From The United States Army Upon The Expiration Of General Lease Number S-3848.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Urging The State Of Hawaii, City And County Of Honolulu, Federal Entities, And Private Land Owners To Work Together To Immediately Open The Section Of The Waianae Coast Emergency Access Road Extending Paakea Road Out To Lualualei Naval Road For Public Use On A Permanent Basis.. Description: Urging The State Of Hawaii, City And County Of Honolulu, Federal Entities, And Private Land Owners To Work Together To Immediately Open The Section Of The Waianae Coast Emergency Access Road Extending Paakea Road Out To Lualualei Naval Road For Public Use On A Permanent Basis.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Reaffirming The Commitment To Increase The State's Affordable Housing Stock By Not Allocating Special Purpose Revenue Bonds And Discouraging The Use Of Special Purpose Revenue Bonds.. Description: Reaffirming The Commitment To Increase The State's Affordable Housing Stock By Not Allocating Special Purpose Revenue Bonds And Discouraging The Use Of Special Purpose Revenue Bonds.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Board Of Education To Report On Ways To Increase Access To Extended Learning Opportunities Or Course Credits For Non-traditional And External Learning Experiences.. Description: Requesting The Board Of Education To Report On Ways To Increase Access To Extended Learning Opportunities Or Course Credits For Non-traditional And External Learning Experiences.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Health To Conduct A Social And Financial Assessment Of Proposed Mandatory Health Insurance Coverage For Weight Management Medication.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Health To Conduct A Social And Financial Assessment Of Proposed Mandatory Health Insurance Coverage For Weight Management Medication.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Office Of Planning And Sustainable Development To Convene A Multiagency Working Group To Identify Sites That Have The Collective Capacity To Accommodate Ten Thousand New Homes Per Year, For The Next Fifty Years.. Description: Requesting The Office Of Planning And Sustainable Development To Convene A Multiagency Working Group To Identify Sites That Have The Collective Capacity To Accommodate Ten Thousand New Homes Per Year, For The Next Fifty Years.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Disability And Communication Access Board To Establish An American Sign Language Interpreter Workforce Working Group To Promote Increasing The Number Of American Sign Language Interpreters In The State.. Description: Requesting The Disability And Communication Access Board To Establish An American Sign Language Interpreter Workforce Working Group To Promote Increasing The Number Of American Sign Language Interpreters In The State.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Urging The Hawaii Emergency Management Agency To Include In All Live And Recorded Emergency Alert System Video Broadcasts, An On-screen Interpreter Disseminating The Emergency Information In American Sign Language At All Times, Including During Graphic Presentations.. Description: Urging The Hawaii Emergency Management Agency To Include In All Live And Recorded Emergency Alert System Video Broadcasts, An On-screen Interpreter Disseminating The Emergency Information In American Sign Language At All Times, Including During Graphic Presentations.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Hawaii Climate Change Mitigation And Adaptation Commission To Develop A Proactive And Comprehensive Communication Strategy To Educate Hawaii's Residents About The Health Impacts Of The Climate Crisis.. Description: Urging The Hawaii Climate Change Mitigation And Adaptation Commission To Develop A Proactive And Comprehensive Communication Strategy To Educate Hawaii's Residents About The Health Impacts Of The Climate Crisis.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Urging The Governor And State Departments To Investigate Opportunities Provided By The Direct Pay Provision In The Inflation Reduction Act That Allows For Direct Payment Of Clean Energy Incentives To State Government Entities For The Cost Of Installing Solar Energy Systems In State Facilities.. Description: Urging The Governor And State Departments To Investigate Opportunities Provided By The Direct Pay Provision In The Inflation Reduction Act That Allows For Direct Payment Of Clean Energy Incentives To State Government Entities For The Cost Of Installing Solar Energy Systems In State Facilities.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The President Of The United States To Publish The Equal Rights Amendment As The Twenty-eighth Amendment To The Constitution Of The United States Of America.. Description: Urging The President Of The United States To Publish The Equal Rights Amendment As The Twenty-eighth Amendment To The Constitution Of The United States Of America.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Human Services' Med-quest Division To Take Steps Necessary To Ensure That Adequate Provider Rates Are Established For Applied Behavior Analysis Services.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Human Services' Med-quest Division To Take Steps Necessary To Ensure That Adequate Provider Rates Are Established For Applied Behavior Analysis Services.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Recognizing And Supporting Ongoing Collaborative Efforts By State Agencies And Private Organizations To Implement The "hep Free 2030" Statewide Strategy To Eliminate Viral Hepatitis Types A, B, And C In Hawaii.. Description: Recognizing And Supporting Ongoing Collaborative Efforts By State Agencies And Private Organizations To Implement The "hep Free 2030" Statewide Strategy To Eliminate Viral Hepatitis Types A, B, And C In Hawaii.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Health To Convene An Early Lung Cancer Screening Working Group To Continue The Efforts Of The Early Lung Cancer Screening Task Force Established Pursuant To Act 162, Session Laws Of Hawaii 2022.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Health To Convene An Early Lung Cancer Screening Working Group To Continue The Efforts Of The Early Lung Cancer Screening Task Force Established Pursuant To Act 162, Session Laws Of Hawaii 2022.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting Each County To Develop A Comprehensive Integrated Wastewater Management Plan And Financial Strategy To Upgrade, Convert, Or Connect Cesspools Located Within Its Respective Jurisdiction By 2050.. Description: Requesting Each County To Develop A Comprehensive Integrated Wastewater Management Plan And Financial Strategy To Upgrade, Convert, Or Connect Cesspools Located Within Its Respective Jurisdiction By 2050.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Chief Justice Of The Hawaii Supreme Court To Address The Legislature Assembled In Joint Session For The State Of The Judiciary Address.. Description: Requesting The Chief Justice Of The Hawaii Supreme Court To Address The Legislature Assembled In Joint Session For The State Of The Judiciary Address.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Legislative Reference Bureau To Conduct An Analysis Of The Regulation And Licensure Of Associate Physicians.. Description: Requesting The Legislative Reference Bureau To Conduct An Analysis Of The Regulation And Licensure Of Associate Physicians.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Human Services Med-quest Division, In Collaboration With The Department Of Commerce And Consumer Affairs, To Expand The Types Of Qualified Providers Allowed To Provide Lactation Consultant Services For The Medicaid Population In The State.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Human Services Med-quest Division, In Collaboration With The Department Of Commerce And Consumer Affairs, To Expand The Types Of Qualified Providers Allowed To Provide Lactation Consultant Services For The Medicaid Population In The State.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The City And County Of Honolulu To Improve Access Of Thebus In Oahu's Rural Communities.. Description: Urging The City And County Of Honolulu To Improve Access Of Thebus In Oahu's Rural Communities.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The National Conference Of State Legislatures And Council Of State Governments To Update The Findings Of The 2004 Joint Project On Term Limits On The Potential Positive And Negative Consequences Of Implementing Term Limits For Members Of The Legislature.. Description: Requesting The National Conference Of State Legislatures And Council Of State Governments To Update The Findings Of The 2004 Joint Project On Term Limits On The Potential Positive And Negative Consequences Of Implementing Term Limits For Members Of The Legislature.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Office Of Hawaiian Affairs To Establish And Maintain Hawaiian Cultural Centers Within The State.. Description: Requesting The Office Of Hawaiian Affairs To Establish And Maintain Hawaiian Cultural Centers Within The State.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Auditor To Assess Both The Social And Financial Effects Of Proposed Mandated Health Insurance Coverage For A Percentage Of The Costs Of Ketamine Therapy To Treat Depression.. Description: Requesting The Auditor To Assess Both The Social And Financial Effects Of Proposed Mandated Health Insurance Coverage For A Percentage Of The Costs Of Ketamine Therapy To Treat Depression.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Auditor To Conduct A Social And Financial Assessment Of Proposed Mandatory Health Insurance Coverage For Services Provided By Pharmacists.. Description: Requesting The Auditor To Conduct A Social And Financial Assessment Of Proposed Mandatory Health Insurance Coverage For Services Provided By Pharmacists.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Auditor To Conduct A Social And Financial Assessment Of Proposed Mandatory Health Insurance Coverage For Various Sexual And Reproductive Health Care Services.. Description: Requesting The Auditor To Conduct A Social And Financial Assessment Of Proposed Mandatory Health Insurance Coverage For Various Sexual And Reproductive Health Care Services.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Authorizing The Issuance Of A Term, Non-exclusive Easement Covering A Portion Of State Submerged Lands At Hauula, Koolauloa, Oahu, For The Existing Riprap Revetment, Ramp, And Rock Groin, And For Use, Repair, And Maintenance Of The Existing Improvements Constructed Thereon.. Description: Authorizing The Issuance Of A Term, Non-exclusive Easement Covering A Portion Of State Submerged Lands At Hauula, Koolauloa, Oahu, For The Existing Riprap Revetment, Ramp, And Rock Groin, And For Use, Repair, And Maintenance Of The Existing Improvements Constructed Thereon.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Urging The University Of Hawaii System To Provide Menstrual Products, Free Of Charge, To Students At All Of Its University, Community College, And Education Center Campuses As Part Of A Public Health And Education Equity Strategy That Addresses Economic Disparities.. Description: Urging The University Of Hawaii System To Provide Menstrual Products, Free Of Charge, To Students At All Of Its University, Community College, And Education Center Campuses As Part Of A Public Health And Education Equity Strategy That Addresses Economic Disparities.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Designating The Month Of March As Hawaii Kidney Awareness Month.. Description: Designating The Month Of March As Hawaii Kidney Awareness Month.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting Each County To Adopt An Ordinance Requiring, As A Condition Of Its Approval Of A Subdivision Or Issuance Of A Building Permit For Any New Structure Or Unit Within A Structure, The Subdivider Or Developer To Obtain Assurance Of Mail Delivery To Each Parcel.. Description: Requesting Each County To Adopt An Ordinance Requiring, As A Condition Of Its Approval Of A Subdivision Or Issuance Of A Building Permit For Any New Structure Or Unit Within A Structure, The Subdivider Or Developer To Obtain Assurance Of Mail Delivery To Each Parcel.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Urging The Department Of Transportation To Construct An All-way Crosswalk Along The Cross-streets Of Kahualii Street, Waipio Point Access Road, And Farrington Highway.. Description: Urging The Department Of Transportation To Construct An All-way Crosswalk Along The Cross-streets Of Kahualii Street, Waipio Point Access Road, And Farrington Highway.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Disability And Communication Access Board To Convene An American Sign Language Interpreter Workforce Working Group For The Purpose Of Promoting The Increase Of American Sign Language Interpreters In The State.. Description: Requesting The Disability And Communication Access Board To Convene An American Sign Language Interpreter Workforce Working Group For The Purpose Of Promoting The Increase Of American Sign Language Interpreters In The State.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Counties To Implement And Enforce Regulations That Ensure Car Sharing Services And Operations Do Not Negatively Impact The Traffic, Parking, And Character Of Residential Neighborhoods.. Description: Urging The Counties To Implement And Enforce Regulations That Ensure Car Sharing Services And Operations Do Not Negatively Impact The Traffic, Parking, And Character Of Residential Neighborhoods.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Department Of Education To Create A Priority List For Repairing Public School Fire Alarm Systems And Study Acceptable Alternatives.. Description: Urging The Department Of Education To Create A Priority List For Repairing Public School Fire Alarm Systems And Study Acceptable Alternatives.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Hawaii County Department Of Water Supply To Convene A Working Group To Examine Opportunities For Increasing Water Access And Strengthening Water Infrastructure For Underserved Communities On Hawaii Island.. Description: Requesting The Hawaii County Department Of Water Supply To Convene A Working Group To Examine Opportunities For Increasing Water Access And Strengthening Water Infrastructure For Underserved Communities On Hawaii Island.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Honolulu Police Department, In Conjunction With The Department Of Education, To Establish And Operate A Junior Police Program At Department Of Education High Schools.. Description: Requesting The Honolulu Police Department, In Conjunction With The Department Of Education, To Establish And Operate A Junior Police Program At Department Of Education High Schools.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Designating Hawaii's Coral Reefs As Critical Natural Infrastructure And Strongly Supporting Nature-based Solutions Such As Coral Reef Restoration For Risk Reduction.. Description: Designating Hawaii's Coral Reefs As Critical Natural Infrastructure And Strongly Supporting Nature-based Solutions Such As Coral Reef Restoration For Risk Reduction.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Blood Bank Of Hawaii To Expedite The Process Of Removing The Deferral For Individuals Previously Considered To Be Exposed To Creutzfeldt-jakob Disease And Variant Creutzfeldt-jakob Disease To Assist With The Urgent Demand For Blood In The State.. Description: Requesting The Blood Bank Of Hawaii To Expedite The Process Of Removing The Deferral For Individuals Previously Considered To Be Exposed To Creutzfeldt-jakob Disease And Variant Creutzfeldt-jakob Disease To Assist With The Urgent Demand For Blood In The State.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The City And County Of Honolulu To Move Forward With A Pearl Harbor Historic Trail Pilot Demonstration Project And Enter Into A Long-term Agreement With The United States Navy, In Partnership With The City And County Of Honolulu And State Agencies, To Ensure The Revitalization Of The Multi-use Trail.. Description: Requesting The City And County Of Honolulu To Move Forward With A Pearl Harbor Historic Trail Pilot Demonstration Project And Enter Into A Long-term Agreement With The United States Navy, In Partnership With The City And County Of Honolulu And State Agencies, To Ensure The Revitalization Of The Multi-use Trail.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Hawaii Emergency Management Agency To Include In All Live And Recorded Emergency Alert System Video Broadcasts, An On-screen Interpreter Disseminating The Emergency Information In American Sign Language At All Times, Including During Graphic Presentations.. Description: Urging The Hawaii Emergency Management Agency To Include In All Live And Recorded Emergency Alert System Video Broadcasts, An On-screen Interpreter Disseminating The Emergency Information In American Sign Language At All Times, Including During Graphic Presentations.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Agriculture To Convene A Feral Game Mammal Working Group To Find, Solicit, And Distribute Grants For The Control Of Feral Game Mammals.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Agriculture To Convene A Feral Game Mammal Working Group To Find, Solicit, And Distribute Grants For The Control Of Feral Game Mammals.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting That The Department Of Commerce And Consumer Affairs Compile Pertinent Data To Determine The Appropriate Scope Of A Study Analyzing Whether Implementation In This State Of Laws Similar To Captive Insurance Laws Of Massachusetts Would Address This State's Residential Condominium Property Insurance Needs.. Description: Requesting That The Department Of Commerce And Consumer Affairs Compile Pertinent Data To Determine The Appropriate Scope Of A Study Analyzing Whether Implementation In This State Of Laws Similar To Captive Insurance Laws Of Massachusetts Would Address This State's Residential Condominium Property Insurance Needs.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Human Services To Immediately Cease Intercepting Social Security Payments For Children In Foster Care.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Human Services To Immediately Cease Intercepting Social Security Payments For Children In Foster Care.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Convening Of A Sunset Memorial Park Working Group To Study Potential Solutions And Make Recommendations For A Long-term Management Plan, For Sunset Memorial Park.. Description: Requesting The Convening Of A Sunset Memorial Park Working Group To Study Potential Solutions And Make Recommendations For A Long-term Management Plan, For Sunset Memorial Park.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Hawaii Housing Finance And Development Corporation To Promote Supportive Housing In The State's Low-income Housing Tax Credit Program.. Description: Urging The Hawaii Housing Finance And Development Corporation To Promote Supportive Housing In The State's Low-income Housing Tax Credit Program.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging Hawaii's Congressional Delegation To Introduce And Support Legislation To Amend Title Iv-a Of The Social Security Act To Allow Unspent Temporary Assistance For Needy Families Funds To Be Used By States To Build Transitional Supportive Housing And Affordable Rental Housing.. Description: Urging Hawaii's Congressional Delegation To Introduce And Support Legislation To Amend Title Iv-a Of The Social Security Act To Allow Unspent Temporary Assistance For Needy Families Funds To Be Used By States To Build Transitional Supportive Housing And Affordable Rental Housing.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Board Of Education To Review Various Programs And Subject Matter Areas For Implementation In Public Schools.. Description: Requesting The Board Of Education To Review Various Programs And Subject Matter Areas For Implementation In Public Schools.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The City And County Of Honolulu To Exempt From Real Property Tax Those Property Owners Of Residential Units Within One-half Mile Of An Active Municipal Solid Waste Landfill Or Construction And Demolition Landfill Or Deemed To Have Been Impacted By An Active Landfill To A Degree That Warrants Such An Exemption.. Description: Urging The City And County Of Honolulu To Exempt From Real Property Tax Those Property Owners Of Residential Units Within One-half Mile Of An Active Municipal Solid Waste Landfill Or Construction And Demolition Landfill Or Deemed To Have Been Impacted By An Active Landfill To A Degree That Warrants Such An Exemption.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Urging The State Of Hawaii, City And County Of Honolulu, Federal Entities, And Private Land Owners To Work Together To Immediately Open The Section Of The Waianae Coast Emergency Access Road Extending Paakea Road Out To Lualualei Naval Road For Public Use On A Permanent Basis.. Description: Urging The State Of Hawaii, City And County Of Honolulu, Federal Entities, And Private Land Owners To Work Together To Immediately Open The Section Of The Waianae Coast Emergency Access Road Extending Paakea Road Out To Lualualei Naval Road For Public Use On A Permanent Basis.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Transportation To Create A Second Access Point From Whitmore Village Via Saipan Drive To Kamehameha Highway To Alleviate Traffic On Whitmore Avenue.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Transportation To Create A Second Access Point From Whitmore Village Via Saipan Drive To Kamehameha Highway To Alleviate Traffic On Whitmore Avenue.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Health's Solid Waste Section To Develop A Plan Of Initiatives For Improved Waste Diversion By Working With The Counties To Address Each County's Unique Needs According To Its Geography, Population, And Industry Make-up.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Health's Solid Waste Section To Develop A Plan Of Initiatives For Improved Waste Diversion By Working With The Counties To Address Each County's Unique Needs According To Its Geography, Population, And Industry Make-up.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Urging The United States Congress To Amend Federal Copyright Law To Explicitly Protect Current Lending Practices Of Nonprofit Online Libraries.. Description: Urging The United States Congress To Amend Federal Copyright Law To Explicitly Protect Current Lending Practices Of Nonprofit Online Libraries.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Establishment Of A Hawaii-taiwan Friendship Taskforce To Explore Ways To Strengthen, Improve, And Expand Economic, Cultural, And Educational Relations Between Hawaii And Taiwan.. Description: Requesting The Establishment Of A Hawaii-taiwan Friendship Taskforce To Explore Ways To Strengthen, Improve, And Expand Economic, Cultural, And Educational Relations Between Hawaii And Taiwan.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Transportation To Conduct An Assessment Report To Evaluate The Feasibility And Practicality Of Implementing Higher Levels Of Commercial General Liability Insurance For The General Aviation Industry And Helicopter Operations At Airports In The State.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Transportation To Conduct An Assessment Report To Evaluate The Feasibility And Practicality Of Implementing Higher Levels Of Commercial General Liability Insurance For The General Aviation Industry And Helicopter Operations At Airports In The State.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Hawaii Broadband And Digital Equity Office To Increase Access To Wi-fi In Public Parks Throughout The State.. Description: Requesting The Hawaii Broadband And Digital Equity Office To Increase Access To Wi-fi In Public Parks Throughout The State.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Hawaii State Energy Office To Conduct A Study To Determine The Extent To Which Owners Of Multiple Properties That Are Places Of Public Accommodation Within The State Aggregate Their Required Parking Spaces And Choose To Designate And Electrify Parking Spaces In A County That Is Not The Same County Where The Majority Of The Parking Spaces Are Located.. Description: Requesting The Hawaii State Energy Office To Conduct A Study To Determine The Extent To Which Owners Of Multiple Properties That Are Places Of Public Accommodation Within The State Aggregate Their Required Parking Spaces And Choose To Designate And Electrify Parking Spaces In A County That Is Not The Same County Where The Majority Of The Parking Spaces Are Located.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Judiciary To Examine The Frequency Of Complaints For Summary Possession And Motions For Summary Judgment That Are Granted In Favor Of The Landlord When The Landlord Is Represented By Counsel And The Tenant Is Acting Pro Se.. Description: Requesting The Judiciary To Examine The Frequency Of Complaints For Summary Possession And Motions For Summary Judgment That Are Granted In Favor Of The Landlord When The Landlord Is Represented By Counsel And The Tenant Is Acting Pro Se.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Urging The University Of Hawaii To Convene A Working Group To Create A Plan For The Establishment Of A Maritime College And To Establish A Maritime College.. Description: Urging The University Of Hawaii To Convene A Working Group To Create A Plan For The Establishment Of A Maritime College And To Establish A Maritime College.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Hawaiian Home Lands To Identify Resources Needed To Execute A Plan To Repair Homes For Safe Habitation.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Hawaiian Home Lands To Identify Resources Needed To Execute A Plan To Repair Homes For Safe Habitation.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The Department Of Transportation.. Description: Appropriates funds for the photo red light imaging detector systems pilot program. Effective retroactively on 6/30/21. (CD1)
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Supporting The Hawaii State Energy Office In The Establishment Of An Integrated Hawaii Pacific Hydrogen Hub.. Description: Supporting The Hawaii State Energy Office In The Establishment Of An Integrated Hawaii Pacific Hydrogen Hub.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Authorizing The Issuance Of A Term, Non-exclusive Easement Covering A Portion Of State Submerged Lands At Kaneohe, Koolaupoko, Oahu, For The Existing Boat Ramp And Concrete Wall, And For Use, Repair, And Maintenance Of The Existing Improvements Constructed Thereon.. Description: Authorizing The Issuance Of A Term, Non-exclusive Easement Covering A Portion Of State Submerged Lands At Kaneohe, Koolaupoko, Oahu, For The Existing Boat Ramp And Concrete Wall, And For Use, Repair, And Maintenance Of The Existing Improvements Constructed Thereon.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting That The Chief Information Officer Review Whether All Departments, Agencies, And Offices Of The State Have Up-to-date Technology To Reduce Cyber Threats And Help Protect The State Against Cyberattacks.. Description: Requesting That The Chief Information Officer Review Whether All Departments, Agencies, And Offices Of The State Have Up-to-date Technology To Reduce Cyber Threats And Help Protect The State Against Cyberattacks.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Office Of Medical Cannabis Control And Regulation, In Collaboration With The Chairpersons Of The Senate Standing Committee On Health And Human Services And House Of Representatives Standing Committee On Health And Homelessness, To Convene The Medical And Adult Use Cannabis Working Group To Research, Develop, And Finalize Recommendations For The Creation Of A Dual Use Regulatory System Allowing Access To Medical Cannabis And Cannabis For Adult Use.. Description: Requesting The Office Of Medical Cannabis Control And Regulation, In Collaboration With The Chairpersons Of The Senate Standing Committee On Health And Human Services And House Of Representatives Standing Committee On Health And Homelessness, To Convene The Medical And Adult Use Cannabis Working Group To Research, Develop, And Finalize Recommendations For The Creation Of A Dual Use Regulatory System Allowing Access To Medical Cannabis And Cannabis For Adult Use.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Accounting And General Services To Provide Menstrual Products At No Cost In State Buildings Under The Jurisdiction Of The Department Of Accounting And General Services That Are Open To The Public And Contain Public Restrooms.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Accounting And General Services To Provide Menstrual Products At No Cost In State Buildings Under The Jurisdiction Of The Department Of Accounting And General Services That Are Open To The Public And Contain Public Restrooms.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Office Of Wellness And Resilience Establish The Malama Ohana Working Group To Identify, Design, And Recommend Transformative Changes To The State's Child Welfare System.. Description: Requesting The Office Of Wellness And Resilience Establish The Malama Ohana Working Group To Identify, Design, And Recommend Transformative Changes To The State's Child Welfare System.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Health And Department Of Public Safety To Work In Collaboration To Preserve The Health And Safety Of Special Needs Inmates And Others In The State's Jails And Prisons.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Health And Department Of Public Safety To Work In Collaboration To Preserve The Health And Safety Of Special Needs Inmates And Others In The State's Jails And Prisons.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Public Safety To Submit A Report To The Legislature Detailing The Department's Process In Assisting Inmates In Obtaining Identification Cards.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Public Safety To Submit A Report To The Legislature Detailing The Department's Process In Assisting Inmates In Obtaining Identification Cards.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Governor To Convene A Task Force To Examine And Make Recommendations On The Existing Procedures For The Adoption Of The State Building Code.. Description: Requesting The Governor To Convene A Task Force To Examine And Make Recommendations On The Existing Procedures For The Adoption Of The State Building Code.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Agriculture, Department Of Land And Natural Resources, Department Of Health, And The City And County Of Honolulu, To Create A Working Group To Identify Solutions To Mitigate And Control The Significant Increase In The Population Of Feral Chickens And Roosters Across The Island Of Oahu.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Agriculture, Department Of Land And Natural Resources, Department Of Health, And The City And County Of Honolulu, To Create A Working Group To Identify Solutions To Mitigate And Control The Significant Increase In The Population Of Feral Chickens And Roosters Across The Island Of Oahu.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Transportation, In Coordination With The Department Of Transportation Services Of The City And County Of Honolulu, To Install Speed Bumps And Other Traffic Calming Structures On Ala Aolani Street In Moanalua Valley And Other Surrounding Streets Deemed Appropriate To Deter Speeding.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Transportation, In Coordination With The Department Of Transportation Services Of The City And County Of Honolulu, To Install Speed Bumps And Other Traffic Calming Structures On Ala Aolani Street In Moanalua Valley And Other Surrounding Streets Deemed Appropriate To Deter Speeding.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging Retail Stores And Pharmacies Doing Business In The State To Adopt A Policy On A National And Local Level Guaranteeing An Individual's Unhindered Access To All United States Food And Drug Administration-approved Contraceptives.. Description: Urging Retail Stores And Pharmacies Doing Business In The State To Adopt A Policy On A National And Local Level Guaranteeing An Individual's Unhindered Access To All United States Food And Drug Administration-approved Contraceptives.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Urging The Department Of Land And Natural Resources To Protect Hawaii's Waters And Resources By Prohibiting Seabed Mining.. Description: Urging The Department Of Land And Natural Resources To Protect Hawaii's Waters And Resources By Prohibiting Seabed Mining.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Urging The Department Of Transportation, Department Of Accounting And General Services, And Hawaii State Energy Office To Collaborate To Develop, Implement, Administer, And Manage Various Transportation System Programs At Public Facilities That Include But Are Not Limited To Construction Or Conversion Of Parking Stalls To Accommodate Electric Vehicle Charging, Secure Bicycle Storage Lockers, And Parking Stall Sharing Between Public Employees.. Description: Urging The Department Of Transportation, Department Of Accounting And General Services, And Hawaii State Energy Office To Collaborate To Develop, Implement, Administer, And Manage Various Transportation System Programs At Public Facilities That Include But Are Not Limited To Construction Or Conversion Of Parking Stalls To Accommodate Electric Vehicle Charging, Secure Bicycle Storage Lockers, And Parking Stall Sharing Between Public Employees.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The State Foundation On Culture And The Arts To Collaborate With The Office Of Veterans' Services To Plan And Construct Memorials To Honor The Sacrifices And Contributions Of Veterans From Hawaii.. Description: Requesting The State Foundation On Culture And The Arts To Collaborate With The Office Of Veterans' Services To Plan And Construct Memorials To Honor The Sacrifices And Contributions Of Veterans From Hawaii.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting That The Hawaii Emergency Management Agency Establish A Two-year Task Force To Address Key Findings Validated By The 2022 Resiliency Assessment Report Of The Hawaii Maritime Transportation Regional Resiliency Assessment Program Project And Plan Resiliency Enhancements.. Description: Requesting That The Hawaii Emergency Management Agency Establish A Two-year Task Force To Address Key Findings Validated By The 2022 Resiliency Assessment Report Of The Hawaii Maritime Transportation Regional Resiliency Assessment Program Project And Plan Resiliency Enhancements.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Encouraging The Facilitation Of A Path To Citizenship For Immigrants From Parties To The Compacts Of Free Association.. Description: Encouraging The Facilitation Of A Path To Citizenship For Immigrants From Parties To The Compacts Of Free Association.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging Hawaii's Congressional Delegation To Re-introduce And Support The Passage Of The Hawaiian Home Lands Preservation Act, H.r. Res. 9614, 117th Cong. (2nd Sess. 2022), To Lower The Required Minimum Blood Quantum For Certain Department Of Hawaiian Home Lands Successor Lessee Beneficiaries From One-quarter Native Hawaiian Blood To One Thirty-second.. Description: Urging Hawaii's Congressional Delegation To Re-introduce And Support The Passage Of The Hawaiian Home Lands Preservation Act, H.r. Res. 9614, 117th Cong. (2nd Sess. 2022), To Lower The Required Minimum Blood Quantum For Certain Department Of Hawaiian Home Lands Successor Lessee Beneficiaries From One-quarter Native Hawaiian Blood To One Thirty-second.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Department Of Transportation And The Department Of Transportation Services Of The City And County Of Honolulu To Construct Elevated Crosswalks Along Meheula Parkway Near Mililani High School.. Description: Urging The Department Of Transportation And The Department Of Transportation Services Of The City And County Of Honolulu To Construct Elevated Crosswalks Along Meheula Parkway Near Mililani High School.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The City And County Of Honolulu's Crisis Outreach Response And Engagement Program To Provide Regular Care And Services To Individuals Experiencing Homelessness In The Central Oahu, North Shore, Leeward, And Windward Regions Of Oahu On A Regular Rotating Schedule.. Description: Urging The City And County Of Honolulu's Crisis Outreach Response And Engagement Program To Provide Regular Care And Services To Individuals Experiencing Homelessness In The Central Oahu, North Shore, Leeward, And Windward Regions Of Oahu On A Regular Rotating Schedule.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Urging The Department Of Agriculture To Designate Kunia, Leilehua Plateau, And Poamoho As The Central Oahu Agricultural Corridor And To Establish A List Prioritizing Potential Agricultural Infrastructure Improvement Projects That Would Provide The Most Value To The State.. Description: Urging The Department Of Agriculture To Designate Kunia, Leilehua Plateau, And Poamoho As The Central Oahu Agricultural Corridor And To Establish A List Prioritizing Potential Agricultural Infrastructure Improvement Projects That Would Provide The Most Value To The State.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Urging The University Of Hawaii West Oahu To Establish Baccalaureate Degree Programs In Agricultural Technology, Food Science, And Education.. Description: Urging The University Of Hawaii West Oahu To Establish Baccalaureate Degree Programs In Agricultural Technology, Food Science, And Education.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Hawaii State Center For Nursing To Convene A Working Group To Study The Feasibility And Impact Of The State Adopting The Nurse Licensure Compact.. Description: Requesting The Hawaii State Center For Nursing To Convene A Working Group To Study The Feasibility And Impact Of The State Adopting The Nurse Licensure Compact.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Department Of Land And Natural Resources To Minimize Human Interaction At Certain Locations During Coral Spawning Events.. Description: Urging The Department Of Land And Natural Resources To Minimize Human Interaction At Certain Locations During Coral Spawning Events.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing August 8, 2023, As Hawaiian Honeycreepers Celebration Day.. Description: Recognizing August 8, 2023, As Hawaiian Honeycreepers Celebration Day.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Auditor To Conduct A Performance Audit Of All The Programs Within The State Historic Preservation Division Of The Department Of Land And Natural Resources.. Description: Requesting The Auditor To Conduct A Performance Audit Of All The Programs Within The State Historic Preservation Division Of The Department Of Land And Natural Resources.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Labor And Industrial Relations To Conduct A Study Of The Exemptions To Hawaii's Minimum Wage Law.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Labor And Industrial Relations To Conduct A Study Of The Exemptions To Hawaii's Minimum Wage Law.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Legislative Reference Bureau To Research The Designation Of November 20th Of Each Year As Makahiki Commemoration Day, Which Is Requested To Be Recognized As An Unpaid State Holiday.. Description: Requesting The Legislative Reference Bureau To Research The Designation Of November 20th Of Each Year As Makahiki Commemoration Day, Which Is Requested To Be Recognized As An Unpaid State Holiday.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Labor And Industrial Relations, In Collaboration With The Department Of Business, Economic Development, And Tourism And University Of Hawaii, To Collect Data Relating To The Development Of An Information Technology Workforce In Hawaii, Evaluate The Collected Data, And Develop A Strategy To Provide Better Information Technology Training.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Labor And Industrial Relations, In Collaboration With The Department Of Business, Economic Development, And Tourism And University Of Hawaii, To Collect Data Relating To The Development Of An Information Technology Workforce In Hawaii, Evaluate The Collected Data, And Develop A Strategy To Provide Better Information Technology Training.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Department Of Labor And Industrial Relations To Identify State Job Classifications For Which A Degree Or Career And Technical Education Certificate From A Community College May Substitute For An Associate Of Arts Degree.. Description: Urging The Department Of Labor And Industrial Relations To Identify State Job Classifications For Which A Degree Or Career And Technical Education Certificate From A Community College May Substitute For An Associate Of Arts Degree.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Urging The Department Of Human Resources Development To Examine The Reasons For The High Rate Of Vacant State Positions And Explore Solutions For Filling The Vacancies, Including Reexamining The Minimum Qualification Requirements For Those Positions And Educating The Public And, In Particular, Potential Workers On Alternative Pathways To Meet The Minimum Qualification Requirements For Civil Service Positions, Including Apprenticeship Programs.. Description: Urging The Department Of Human Resources Development To Examine The Reasons For The High Rate Of Vacant State Positions And Explore Solutions For Filling The Vacancies, Including Reexamining The Minimum Qualification Requirements For Those Positions And Educating The Public And, In Particular, Potential Workers On Alternative Pathways To Meet The Minimum Qualification Requirements For Civil Service Positions, Including Apprenticeship Programs.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Real Estate Commission To Develop Policies And Programs To Inform And Educate Condominium Association Owners And Board Members Of Certain Matters To Promote The Efficient Administration Of Condominium Associations.. Description: Urging The Real Estate Commission To Develop Policies And Programs To Inform And Educate Condominium Association Owners And Board Members Of Certain Matters To Promote The Efficient Administration Of Condominium Associations.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Business, Economic Development, And Tourism And The Department Of Labor And Industrial Relations To Co-convene A Working Group To Develop A Comprehensive Plan For Workforce Development With A Focus On The Priority Economic Clusters Established By The Department Of Business, Economic Development, And Tourism, To Meet The Needs Of The State's New Economy.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Business, Economic Development, And Tourism And The Department Of Labor And Industrial Relations To Co-convene A Working Group To Develop A Comprehensive Plan For Workforce Development With A Focus On The Priority Economic Clusters Established By The Department Of Business, Economic Development, And Tourism, To Meet The Needs Of The State's New Economy.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Urging The Hawaii Housing Finance And Development Corporation To Revise The Prioritization And Evaluation And Ranking Criteria For Its Allocation Of Low-income Housing Tax Credits And Awards From The Rental Housing Revolving Fund.. Description: Urging The Hawaii Housing Finance And Development Corporation To Revise The Prioritization And Evaluation And Ranking Criteria For Its Allocation Of Low-income Housing Tax Credits And Awards From The Rental Housing Revolving Fund.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Regulated Industries Complaints Office To Report The Itemized Total Amount Of Fines Or Judgments Collected And Uncollected Each Year, And To Include That Information In The Director Of Commerce And Consumer Affairs' Annual Compliance Resolution Fund Report.. Description: Requesting The Regulated Industries Complaints Office To Report The Itemized Total Amount Of Fines Or Judgments Collected And Uncollected Each Year, And To Include That Information In The Director Of Commerce And Consumer Affairs' Annual Compliance Resolution Fund Report.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Human Services' Med-quest Division To Take Steps Necessary To Ensure That Adequate Provider Rates Are Established For Applied Behavior Analysis Services.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Human Services' Med-quest Division To Take Steps Necessary To Ensure That Adequate Provider Rates Are Established For Applied Behavior Analysis Services.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Labor And Industrial Relations To Continue To Recognize And Accept The Right Of A Provider Of Service To Assign The Right To Participate In A Workers' Compensation Billing Dispute To A Billing Company; Review The Workers' Compensation Law For Proposed Amendments To Ensure That Service Providers May Assign The Right To Negotiate A Bill Dispute To A Billing Company; And Include The Proposed Amendments In A Report To The Legislature Prior To The Regular Session Of 2024.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Labor And Industrial Relations To Continue To Recognize And Accept The Right Of A Provider Of Service To Assign The Right To Participate In A Workers' Compensation Billing Dispute To A Billing Company; Review The Workers' Compensation Law For Proposed Amendments To Ensure That Service Providers May Assign The Right To Negotiate A Bill Dispute To A Billing Company; And Include The Proposed Amendments In A Report To The Legislature Prior To The Regular Session Of 2024.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Legislature To Convene A Working Group With Representation From All Levels Of Government To Develop A Program To Phase Out The Use Of Perfluoroalkyl And Polyfluoroalkyl Substances (pfas) In The State.. Description: Requesting The Legislature To Convene A Working Group With Representation From All Levels Of Government To Develop A Program To Phase Out The Use Of Perfluoroalkyl And Polyfluoroalkyl Substances (pfas) In The State.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The University Of Hawaii At Manoa College Of Tropical Agriculture And Human Resources To Convene A Working Group To Evaluate Updating Its Cooperative Extension Sites And To Submit A Report To The Legislature Regarding Its Work.. Description: Requesting The University Of Hawaii At Manoa College Of Tropical Agriculture And Human Resources To Convene A Working Group To Evaluate Updating Its Cooperative Extension Sites And To Submit A Report To The Legislature Regarding Its Work.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Agriculture To Examine Organic Pesticides For Authorized Use In The State.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Agriculture To Examine Organic Pesticides For Authorized Use In The State.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Land And Natural Resources To Investigate The Causes Of And Update Key Information On, Including Facts And Statistics, The Decline Of The Critically Endangered Palila (loxioides Bailleui) Bird On Mauna Kea.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Land And Natural Resources To Investigate The Causes Of And Update Key Information On, Including Facts And Statistics, The Decline Of The Critically Endangered Palila (loxioides Bailleui) Bird On Mauna Kea.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting Each County To Develop A Comprehensive Integrated Wastewater Management Plan And Financial Strategy To Upgrade Or Convert Cesspools Located Within Its Respective Jurisdiction By 2050.. Description: Requesting Each County To Develop A Comprehensive Integrated Wastewater Management Plan And Financial Strategy To Upgrade Or Convert Cesspools Located Within Its Respective Jurisdiction By 2050.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Transportation To Study The Feasibility And Advisability Of Eliminating The State's Safety Inspection Requirements For Motor Vehicles.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Transportation To Study The Feasibility And Advisability Of Eliminating The State's Safety Inspection Requirements For Motor Vehicles.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Public Utilities Commission To Evaluate Current Rate Structures And Consider Additional Benefits For Those Communities That Host Renewable Energy Projects.. Description: Requesting The Public Utilities Commission To Evaluate Current Rate Structures And Consider Additional Benefits For Those Communities That Host Renewable Energy Projects.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The State Foundation On Culture And The Arts To Establish A Museum Of Modern Hawaii History Task Force.. Description: Requesting The State Foundation On Culture And The Arts To Establish A Museum Of Modern Hawaii History Task Force.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Counties To Update The Design And Format Of Vehicle Registration Plates In Response To Growing Electric Vehicle And Hybrid Vehicle Sales.. Description: Requesting The Counties To Update The Design And Format Of Vehicle Registration Plates In Response To Growing Electric Vehicle And Hybrid Vehicle Sales.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Reaffirming The Commitment To Increase The State's Affordable Housing Stock By Not Allocating Special Purpose Revenue Bonds And Discouraging The Use Of Special Purpose Revenue Bonds.. Description: Reaffirming The Commitment To Increase The State's Affordable Housing Stock By Not Allocating Special Purpose Revenue Bonds And Discouraging The Use Of Special Purpose Revenue Bonds.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Authorizing The Issuance Of A Term, Non-exclusive Easement Covering A Portion Of State Submerged Lands At Waikiki, Honolulu, Oahu, For The Existing Seawall Footing, Seawall Walkway, And Swim-step Ladder, And For Use, Repair, And Maintenance Of The Existing Improvements Constructed Thereon.. Description: Authorizing The Issuance Of A Term, Non-exclusive Easement Covering A Portion Of State Submerged Lands At Waikiki, Honolulu, Oahu, For The Existing Seawall Footing, Seawall Walkway, And Swim-step Ladder, And For Use, Repair, And Maintenance Of The Existing Improvements Constructed Thereon.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Labor And Industrial Relations To Conduct A Study On The Implementation Of A State Program That Requires Employers To Provide A Minimum Amount Of Paid Sick Leave And Supplemental Paid Sick Leave To Employees, With A Focus On The Effects Of Mandatory Paid Sick Leave On Small Businesses And Low-income Employees.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Labor And Industrial Relations To Conduct A Study On The Implementation Of A State Program That Requires Employers To Provide A Minimum Amount Of Paid Sick Leave And Supplemental Paid Sick Leave To Employees, With A Focus On The Effects Of Mandatory Paid Sick Leave On Small Businesses And Low-income Employees.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Office Of Planning And Sustainable Development To Convene A Multiagency Working Group To Identify Sites That Have The Collective Capacity To Accommodate Ten Thousand New Homes Per Year, For The Next Fifty Years.. Description: Requesting The Office Of Planning And Sustainable Development To Convene A Multiagency Working Group To Identify Sites That Have The Collective Capacity To Accommodate Ten Thousand New Homes Per Year, For The Next Fifty Years.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Urging The United States To Support Taiwan's Participation In International Organizations, Including The World Health Organization, International Criminal Police Organization, United Nations Framework Convention On Climate Change, And International Civil Aviation Organization And Urging International Organizations To Grant Taiwan Membership, Observer, Or Other Appropriate Status.. Description: Urging The United States To Support Taiwan's Participation In International Organizations, Including The World Health Organization, International Criminal Police Organization, United Nations Framework Convention On Climate Change, And International Civil Aviation Organization And Urging International Organizations To Grant Taiwan Membership, Observer, Or Other Appropriate Status.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting A Feasibility Study On Redeveloping Lands Situated At Tmk (1) 2-8-015:001 Into Workforce Housing And Other Affiliated Uses.. Description: Requesting A Feasibility Study On Redeveloping Lands Situated At Tmk (1) 2-8-015:001 Into Workforce Housing And Other Affiliated Uses.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Legislative Reference Bureau To Summarize The Laws In Other States That Provide For A Continuous Legislative Session.. Description: Requesting The Legislative Reference Bureau To Summarize The Laws In Other States That Provide For A Continuous Legislative Session.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Department Of Transportation To Establish A Working Group To Evaluate Options That Provide Additional Air Service To Remote And Underserved Communities Across The State.. Description: Urging The Department Of Transportation To Establish A Working Group To Evaluate Options That Provide Additional Air Service To Remote And Underserved Communities Across The State.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Urging The Public Works Division Of The Department Of Accounting And General Services In Collaboration With The Stadium Authority To Procure A Developer To Design, Build, Operate, And Maintain The New Aloha Stadium Facility.. Description: Urging The Public Works Division Of The Department Of Accounting And General Services In Collaboration With The Stadium Authority To Procure A Developer To Design, Build, Operate, And Maintain The New Aloha Stadium Facility.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Encouraging The State To Build A Partnership With The Kingdom Of The Netherlands And Collaborate On Similar, Shared Challenges And Goals.. Description: Encouraging The State To Build A Partnership With The Kingdom Of The Netherlands And Collaborate On Similar, Shared Challenges And Goals.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Encouraging The State's Collaboration With Sister-states On Global Environmental Leadership.. Description: Encouraging The State's Collaboration With Sister-states On Global Environmental Leadership.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Encouraging Local Companies And Industry Partners To Participate In The 2023 Asia-pacific Economic Cooperation Events In Seattle And San Francisco.. Description: Encouraging Local Companies And Industry Partners To Participate In The 2023 Asia-pacific Economic Cooperation Events In Seattle And San Francisco.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging Congress To Begin A Discussion Considering The Benefits And Risks Of Artificial Intelligence Technologies.. Description: Urging Congress To Begin A Discussion Considering The Benefits And Risks Of Artificial Intelligence Technologies.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Human Services To Study Providing Certain Health Insurance Coverage For All Children And Pregnant Persons Who Would Otherwise Qualify For Coverage If Not For Their Immigration Status.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Human Services To Study Providing Certain Health Insurance Coverage For All Children And Pregnant Persons Who Would Otherwise Qualify For Coverage If Not For Their Immigration Status.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Urging The Executive Office On Aging To Work In Concert With The Hawaii Broadband And Digital Equity Office, Hawaii Broadband Hui, And Aarp Hawaii, To Develop A Standard Training Workshop For Kupuna And Caregivers On How To Select And Purchase Appropriate Broadband Connectivity Equipment And Audio-visual Equipment Such As Tablets, And How To Operate Equipment To Access Telehealth Services.. Description: Urging The Executive Office On Aging To Work In Concert With The Hawaii Broadband And Digital Equity Office, Hawaii Broadband Hui, And Aarp Hawaii, To Develop A Standard Training Workshop For Kupuna And Caregivers On How To Select And Purchase Appropriate Broadband Connectivity Equipment And Audio-visual Equipment Such As Tablets, And How To Operate Equipment To Access Telehealth Services.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Department Of Education And Hawaii Association Of Independent Schools To Expand The Revitalization Of The Future Farmers Of America And 4-h Youth Programs To Support Pathways To Agriculture Careers In Hawaii.. Description: Urging The Department Of Education And Hawaii Association Of Independent Schools To Expand The Revitalization Of The Future Farmers Of America And 4-h Youth Programs To Support Pathways To Agriculture Careers In Hawaii.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Urging The National Institute Of Food And Agriculture Of The United States Department Of Agriculture To Issue Additional Funding For The Gus Schumacher Nutrition Incentive Program To Provide Matching Funds For The Expansion Of The State Double Up Food Bucks Program To All Approved Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program Retail Outlets Throughout The State.. Description: Urging The National Institute Of Food And Agriculture Of The United States Department Of Agriculture To Issue Additional Funding For The Gus Schumacher Nutrition Incentive Program To Provide Matching Funds For The Expansion Of The State Double Up Food Bucks Program To All Approved Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program Retail Outlets Throughout The State.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Urging The Department Of Human Services' Med-quest Division To Advocate That The State Increase Medicaid Reimbursements To Dentists And, Upon An Increase Approval, To Proactively Inform Both Dental Service Providers And Medicaid Beneficiaries Of New Rate Plans.. Description: Urging The Department Of Human Services' Med-quest Division To Advocate That The State Increase Medicaid Reimbursements To Dentists And, Upon An Increase Approval, To Proactively Inform Both Dental Service Providers And Medicaid Beneficiaries Of New Rate Plans.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Urging The Department Of Agriculture To Update Its Mission Statement To Include Local Food Production To Supply Local Community Consumption, And To Feature The Mission Statement More Prominently On Its Website And Appropriate Publications.. Description: Urging The Department Of Agriculture To Update Its Mission Statement To Include Local Food Production To Supply Local Community Consumption, And To Feature The Mission Statement More Prominently On Its Website And Appropriate Publications.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Urging The Establishment Of A Native Hawaiian Intellectual Property Working Group To Discuss Policies And Legislation With Respect To Native Hawaiian Intellectual Property.. Description: Urging The Establishment Of A Native Hawaiian Intellectual Property Working Group To Discuss Policies And Legislation With Respect To Native Hawaiian Intellectual Property.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The City And County Of Honolulu To Relocate The Bus Turnaround Off Makau Street To Keaau Beach Park Or The Surrounding Area.. Description: Requesting The City And County Of Honolulu To Relocate The Bus Turnaround Off Makau Street To Keaau Beach Park Or The Surrounding Area.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The State Budget.. Description: Effective 6/30/2021, appropriates moneys for deposit into the emergency and budget reserve fund and makes payments for other post-employment benefits. Appropriates moneys for debt service for fiscal biennium 2021-2023. (AD1)
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Auditor To Conduct A Social And Financial Assessment Of Mandating Parity In Vitro Fertilization Health Insurance Coverage.. Description: Requesting The Auditor To Conduct A Social And Financial Assessment Of Mandating Parity In Vitro Fertilization Health Insurance Coverage.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Strongly Urging The Supreme Court Of The United States To Adopt A Formal Ethics Code For The Justices.. Description: Strongly Urging The Supreme Court Of The United States To Adopt A Formal Ethics Code For The Justices.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Labor And Industrial Relations To Analyze The Available Data On Hawaii Workers' Compensation Cases Relating To Death Benefits For The Past Ten Years And Obtain Any Additional Data From The Hawaii Insurers Council Or Any Other State Or Federal Source To Recommend Any Updates To The Workers' Compensation Law.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Labor And Industrial Relations To Analyze The Available Data On Hawaii Workers' Compensation Cases Relating To Death Benefits For The Past Ten Years And Obtain Any Additional Data From The Hawaii Insurers Council Or Any Other State Or Federal Source To Recommend Any Updates To The Workers' Compensation Law.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Board Of Education To Report On Ways To Increase Access To Extended Learning Opportunities Or Course Credits For Non-traditional And External Learning Experiences.. Description: Requesting The Board Of Education To Report On Ways To Increase Access To Extended Learning Opportunities Or Course Credits For Non-traditional And External Learning Experiences.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Hawaiian Humane Society To Develop A Program To Assist Low-income Pet Owners Afford Emergency Care For Their Pets.. Description: Requesting The Hawaiian Humane Society To Develop A Program To Assist Low-income Pet Owners Afford Emergency Care For Their Pets.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Urging The Hawaii Housing Finance And Development Corporation To Adopt Administrative Rules To Create A Process Under Section 201h-38, Hawaii Revised Statutes, For Housing Projects Exclusively Occupied By Hawaii Residents Who Own No Other Real Property.. Description: Urging The Hawaii Housing Finance And Development Corporation To Adopt Administrative Rules To Create A Process Under Section 201h-38, Hawaii Revised Statutes, For Housing Projects Exclusively Occupied By Hawaii Residents Who Own No Other Real Property.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Urging The Hawaii Housing Finance And Development Corporation To Prioritize The Allocation Of Funds From The Rental Housing Revolving Fund, Dwelling Unit Revolving Fund, And Low-income Housing Tax Credits For Projects That Will Make The Most Efficient Use Of Taxpayer Funds And Address The Most Urgent State Priorities.. Description: Urging The Hawaii Housing Finance And Development Corporation To Prioritize The Allocation Of Funds From The Rental Housing Revolving Fund, Dwelling Unit Revolving Fund, And Low-income Housing Tax Credits For Projects That Will Make The Most Efficient Use Of Taxpayer Funds And Address The Most Urgent State Priorities.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Urging The Hawaii Housing Finance And Development Corporation To Issue Loans Or Grants To Buyers In High Priority Housing Categories, Including But Not Limited To Buyers With Incomes Above Sixty And At Or Below One Hundred Forty Percent Of The Median Family Income For The State, Owner-occupants Who Own No Other Real Property, Individuals On The Department Of Hawaiian Home Lands Waitlist, And Public Employees.. Description: Urging The Hawaii Housing Finance And Development Corporation To Issue Loans Or Grants To Buyers In High Priority Housing Categories, Including But Not Limited To Buyers With Incomes Above Sixty And At Or Below One Hundred Forty Percent Of The Median Family Income For The State, Owner-occupants Who Own No Other Real Property, Individuals On The Department Of Hawaiian Home Lands Waitlist, And Public Employees.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Urging The Department Of Health To Take Certain Actions Regarding Fugitive Dust.. Description: Urging The Department Of Health To Take Certain Actions Regarding Fugitive Dust.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting That The Department Of Land And Natural Resources Adopt Administrative Rules Regulating Vessel Speed Near Humpback Whales.. Description: Requesting That The Department Of Land And Natural Resources Adopt Administrative Rules Regulating Vessel Speed Near Humpback Whales.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Urging The County Of Maui To Immediately And Substantially Increase The Fines Assessed Against Predatory Cosmetics Establishments For Violating The Maui County Historic Districts Ordinance.. Description: Urging The County Of Maui To Immediately And Substantially Increase The Fines Assessed Against Predatory Cosmetics Establishments For Violating The Maui County Historic Districts Ordinance.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Urging The Division Of Boating And Ocean Recreation Of The Department Of Land And Natural Resources And The County Of Maui To Facilitate A State And County Partnership For The Management Of All Small Boat Harbors Located On The Island Of Maui.. Description: Urging The Division Of Boating And Ocean Recreation Of The Department Of Land And Natural Resources And The County Of Maui To Facilitate A State And County Partnership For The Management Of All Small Boat Harbors Located On The Island Of Maui.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Land And Natural Resources To Transfer To The County Of Maui The Lahaina Public Library Makai Lawn.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Land And Natural Resources To Transfer To The County Of Maui The Lahaina Public Library Makai Lawn.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Auditor To Conduct A Comprehensive Management Audit Of The Division Of Boating And Ocean Recreation Of The Department Of Land And Natural Resources.. Description: Requesting The Auditor To Conduct A Comprehensive Management Audit Of The Division Of Boating And Ocean Recreation Of The Department Of Land And Natural Resources.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Urging The United States Indo-pacific Command To More Proactively Combat Violence Against Civilian Women And Children In Hawaii By Making A Zero-tolerance Commitment, Sharing Genderbased Violence Prevalence Data With The State Government, And Launching An Anti-commercial Sexual Exploitation Program Across All Hawaii Military Installations.. Description: Urging The United States Indo-pacific Command To More Proactively Combat Violence Against Civilian Women And Children In Hawaii By Making A Zero-tolerance Commitment, Sharing Genderbased Violence Prevalence Data With The State Government, And Launching An Anti-commercial Sexual Exploitation Program Across All Hawaii Military Installations.
In 2023, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Land And Natural Resources To Implement An Immediate Fine For Grounded Vessels That Have Reasonably Caused Damage To The Environment Or Created A Material Burden On The State For Its Removal.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Land And Natural Resources To Implement An Immediate Fine For Grounded Vessels That Have Reasonably Caused Damage To The Environment Or Created A Material Burden On The State For Its Removal.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Authorizing The Issuance Of A Term, Non-exclusive Easement Covering A Portion Of State Submerged Lands At Maalaea Beach Lots, Waikapu, Wailuku, Maui, For The Existing Seawall And Rock Revetment, And For Use, Maintenance, Repair, Replacement, And Removal Of The Existing Improvements Constructed Thereon.. Description: Authorizing The Issuance Of A Term, Non-exclusive Easement Covering A Portion Of State Submerged Lands At Maalaea Beach Lots, Waikapu, Wailuku, Maui, For The Existing Seawall And Rock Revetment, And For Use, Maintenance, Repair, Replacement, And Removal Of The Existing Improvements Constructed Thereon.
In 2023, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Land And Natural Resources To Conduct A Study On The Marine Life Conservation District Designations.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Land And Natural Resources To Conduct A Study On The Marine Life Conservation District Designations.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Making Appropriations To Provide For The Expenses Of The Legislature, The Auditor, The Legislative Reference Bureau, The Ombudsman, And The Ethics Commission.. Description: Appropriates funds to provide for the expenses of the Legislature, Auditor, Legislative Reference Bureau, Ombudsman, and Ethics Commission. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Education.. Description: Allows the board of education to develop statewide performance standards to be culturally relevant, historically and scientifically accurate, and nondiscriminatory. Authorizes a standards-based curriculum and its related educational materials to be nondiscriminatory. Establishes certain requirements for school complexes when developing standards-based curricula. Requires reports to the legislature. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Firearms.. Description: Raises the maximum age of minors for which safe storage of firearms is required from sixteen to eighteen years.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The Information Technology Steering Committee.. Description: Amends the terms and composition of members of the information technology steering committee. Requires the chief information officer to present an annual report to the information technology steering committee for public comment prior to submitting the report to the governor and legislature. (SD2)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Wildlife.. Description: Requires all habitat conservation plans to include an agreement for plan participants to enter into and maintain an annual service contract with a stand-by and response facility available to provide emergency medical and rehabilitation services to native wildlife affected by activities undertaken within the plan area. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Condominiums.. Description: Excludes a homeowner-developer from the annual requirement to file a developer's report and pay a fee if the homeowner's development consists of not more than two units, in which the developer resides in one of the units and the initial sale of the other unit has been completed. Effective 1/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To State Bonds.. Description: Authorizes issuance of general obligation bonds. Makes findings required by Article VII, Section 13, of the Hawaii State Constitution to declare that the issuance of authorized bonds will not cause the debt limit to be exceeded. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Electric Foot Scooters.. Description: Establishes a framework for the regulation of electric foot scooters by the State and counties. Amends definitions of "moped" to exclude electric foot scooters. Retains personal injury protection benefits for any individual sustaining injuries while using or operating an electric foot scooter. (SD2)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Emergency Workers.. Description: Requires the department of human resources development to review the classification and compensation schedules for telephone and emergency dispatchers and similar employees and to submit a report to the legislature recommending modifications to those classification and compensation schedules. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Lands Controlled By The State.. Description: Exempts the sale of the leased fee interest in certain affordable leasehold developments by the HHFDC from legislative approval. (SD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The Underground Construction Of High-voltage Electric Transmission Lines.. Description: Eliminates the requirement for a public utility to seek approval from the public utilities commission for the underground construction of high-voltage electric transmission lines if certain conditions are met. (SD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Housing.. Description: Establishes an affordable homeownership revolving fund within HHFDC to provide loans to nonprofit community development financial institutions and nonprofit housing development organizations for the development of affordable homeownership housing projects. Appropriates American Rescue Plan Act funds for fiscal year 2022-2023 for providing loans to nonprofit community development financial institutions and nonprofit housing development organizations for the development of affordable homeownership housing projects. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The Low-income Housing Tax Credit.. Description: Clarifies when and how members or partners of a taxpayer may claim the low-income housing tax credit. Requires a Form 8609 for purposes of claiming the tax credit. Specifies the application of tax provisions with respect to buildings or projects placed in service after 12/31/2020. Extends the sunset date of Act 129, Session Laws of Hawaii 2016, to 12/31/2027. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Special License Plates For Natural Resources.. Description: Authorizes the issuance of special license plates for recognition and protection of the State's natural resources. Effective 7/1/2051. (SD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Agricultural Buildings.. Description: Increases the maximum area for each agricultural shade cloth structure, cold frame, and greenhouse that could qualify the structure for an exemption from building permit and building code requirements. Effective 1/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii enrolled a bill titled: Relating To Emergency Powers.. Description: Clarifies that the powers granted for emergency purposes shall not be inconsistent with the state constitution. Provides parameters for the duration of suspension of laws and requires justification for the suspension. Specifies parameters for when a state of emergency is terminated. Allows the authorization of the issuance of a proclamation arising from the same emergency or disaster as a previous proclamation that was terminated by the legislature, upon request of the governor and adoption of a concurrent resolution by the legislature. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Renewable Energy.. Description: Prohibits the use of fossil fuels for electricity generation or storage after 12/31/2045. Prohibits the Public Utilities Commission from approving cost recovery of any application or proposal for generation or storage facilities that use fossil fuels, with certain exceptions. Exempts emergency generators. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD2)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Energy Efficiency.. Description: Authorizes the Chief Energy Officer of the Hawaii State Energy Office to adopt rules to enforce minimum efficiency standards for certain products and establish or amend appliance efficiency standards in certain situations. Regulates the appliance efficiency standards for portable electric spas. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD2)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The Issuance Of Special Purpose Revenue Bonds To Assist Kaunalewa.. Description: Replaces E Ola Mau Na Leo O Kekaha with Kaunalewa as the entity authorized to receive special purpose revenue bonds issued to assist with the acquisition, remediation, and development of the old Kekaha Sugar Mill in Kekaha, Kauai, Hawaii. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The Uniform Employee And Student Online Privacy Protection Act.. Description: Establishes the Uniform Employee and Student Online Privacy Protection Act that protects from employers and educational institutions, online accounts maintained by employees, unpaid interns, independent contractors, prospective employees, students, prospective students, and parents or legal guardians of students under the age of eighteen years. (SD2)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Capital Gains.. Description: Increases the capital gains tax threshold from 7.25% to 9%. Increases the alternative capital gains tax for corporations from 4 to 5%. Applies for tax years beginning after 12/31/2020. (SD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Liquor Licenses.. Description: Applies liquor licensing provisions related to the transfer of licenses and the denial of licenses to limited liability companies. Effective 1/5/2022. (SD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Liquor.. Description: Provides that violations of liquor tax law shall be referred to the director of taxation for investigation. Repeals the general right of inspection without a warrant for potential violations of liquor tax law. Repeals the discretionary power of the liquor commission to deny a license to any person the commission finds is not fit and proper to hold a license. Requires applications for liquor licenses to be notarized. Provides the administrator of the liquor commission discretion over whether to refer applications for investigation. Repeals the requirement that investigative reports to the liquor commission include any and all matters that are relevant to the application or license in the judgment of the investigator. Effective 1/5/2022. (SD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Electioneering Communications.. Description: Increases the monetary threshold that triggers disclosure of electioneering communications. Requires that disclosures of electioneering communications occur on the date the electioneering communications are publicly distributed. Classifies election advertisements sent by mail at any postal rate as electioneering communications. Repeals the requirement that a person be treated as having made an expenditure if the person has executed a contract to make the expenditure. Excludes candidate and candidate committees from the disclosure requirements. Effective 7/1/2112. (HD2)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Gift Certificates.. Description: Clarifies that cards issued by a county for the purposes of paying transit fares and county fees and other uses are not subject to the State's unfair and deceptive practices regulations related to gift certificates. Effective 1/1/2022. (SD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Animal Control Services.. Description: Repeals the requirement that the County of Kauai contract solely with the Kauai Humane Society for the provision of animal control services.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Registration Of Vehicles.. Description: Subjects U-drive motor vehicles to the same motor vehicle registration fees as other motor vehicles. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Registration Of Vehicles.. Description: Allows the director of finance of a county to require payment of outstanding charges owed to the county for the towing, removal, or disposal of an abandoned or derelict vehicle within the county before issuing a motor vehicle certificate of registration, except when the motor vehicle was stolen or taken without permission or authorization. Effective 1/1/2050. (HD2)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Disorderly Conduct.. Description: Amends the offense of disorderly conduct to include engaging in conduct with the intent to convey certain false or misleading information. Allows minors to apply for the expungement of a first-time offense. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Theft In The Second Degree.. Description: Amends the offense of theft in the second degree to include theft of property commonly used to store items of monetary value, including but not limited to any purse, handbag, or wallet. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Property Crimes.. Description: Changes the state of mind required for section 486M-7, Hawaii Revised Statutes, penalties to intentionally, knowingly, or recklessly. (SD2)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Offenses Against Property Rights.. Description: Establishes the offense of unauthorized control of a propelled vehicle in the second degree, which applies if a person recklessly or negligently exerts unauthorized control over another's propelled vehicle by operating the propelled vehicle without the owner's consent or by changing the identity of the propelled vehicle without the owner's consent. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Sex Trafficking.. Description: Amends section 712-1202, Hawaii Revised Statutes, to include coercion as a means of committing the offense of sex trafficking. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Sexual Assault.. Description: Amends the offenses of sexual assault in the first and third degree perpetrated against a person who is mentally defective to provide that a perpetrator commits the offense if the perpetrator is negligent in not knowing of the mental defect of the victim. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The Definition Of Property.. Description: Updates the definition of "property" as it relates to offenses against property rights under the penal code to expressly include property stored in an electronic medium. (SD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Designating Substitute Judges On The Intermediate Court Of Appeals.. Description: Authorizes the Chief Justice to designate circuit court judges, retired intermediate appellate judges, or retired supreme court justices to temporarily fill a vacancy on the Intermediate Court of Appeals.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Election Proclamations.. Description: Repeals the requirement that election proclamations contain a statement of the time and places where an election is to be held. Specifies that the county clerk, not the chief election officer, shall issue an election proclamation listing information on voter service centers and places of deposit. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The State Budget.. Description: Appropriates funds for the operating and capital improvement budget of the Executive Branch for fiscal years 2021-2022 and 2022-2023. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The Budget Of The Office Of Hawaiian Affairs.. Description: Appropriates funds for Fiscal Biennium 2021-2023 for the Office of the Trustees (OHA150), Office of Hawaiian Affairs Administration (OHA160), and Beneficiary Advocacy (OHA175). Amends Act 37, SLH 2019. Effective 7/1/2021. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Condominiums.. Description: Clarifies that no managing agent, resident manager, or their employees, or the association's employees, shall solicit any proxies from any unit owner in the condominium association. Effective 1/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Massage Therapists.. Description: Beginning with the renewal for the licensing biennium commencing July 1, 2024, requires massage therapy licensees to complete twelve hours of continuing education within the twoyear period preceding the license renewal date, of which two hours shall include first aid, cardiopulmonary resuscitation, or emergency related courses. (SD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The State Health Planning And Development Agency.. Description: Authorizes the department of health to perform the duties required of the state health planning and development agency. Requires the state health planning and development agency or department of health to update the state health services and facilities plan every five years. Transfers moneys in excess of $2,000,000 in the state health planning and development special fund to the general fund at the end of each fiscal year. Authorizes administrative penalties for persons who do not comply with an approved certificate of need. Exempts chronic renal dialysis services and psychiatric services from the certificate of need requirements. Requires the department of health to conduct a study on the efficacy of the measure after its repeal. Sunsets 7/1/2026. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Bullying.. Description: Requires the board of education to develop a bullying prevention and response action plan. Requires the board of education to report annually to the legislature. Repeals Act 214, Session Laws of Hawaii 2011. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Invasive Species.. Description: Appropriates $350,000 for fiscal year 2021-2022 to the department of agriculture for the mitigation and control of the two-lined spittlebug and recovery of the rangelands damaged by the invasive pest. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Sea Level Rise Adaptation.. Description: Requires the Office of Planning, in cooperation with each state agency having operational responsibilities over state facilities, to: identify existing and planned facilities that are vulnerable to sea level rise, flooding impacts, and natural hazards; assess a range of options to mitigate the impacts of sea level rise to those facilities; and submit annual reports to the Governor, Legislature, and Hawaii climate change mitigation and adaptation commission regarding the vulnerability and adaptation assessments for state facilities and the progress made in implementing sea level rise adaptation in future plans, programs, and capital improvement needs and decisions. Amends the Hawaii State Planning Act to include sustainable development, climate change adaptation, and sea level rise adaptation as objectives for facility systems. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Land Recordation.. Description: Amends the data requirements for land recordation by the bureau of conveyances, on land other than fee simple time share interests deregistered by the land court, to include a map and description prepared by a licensed professional surveyor. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Agricultural Lands.. Description: Amends certain land subdivision and condominium property regime laws related to agricultural land, as recommended pursuant to Act 278, Session Laws of Hawaii 2019, to ensure certain condominium property regime projects within the agricultural district are used for agricultural purposes. (SD2)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Personal Relationships.. Description: Authorizes members of secular or non-religious organizations to solemnize marriages and civil unions. Requires every person or society licensed to solemnize marriages or civil unions to pay a fee for each marriage ceremony or civil union solemnization performed within the State. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Sexual Assault.. Description: Includes as offenses of sexual assault in the second degree and sexual assault in the third degree, offenses against a person who is stopped by a law enforcement officer and a person who is accompanied by a law enforcement officer for official purposes. (SD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Transportation Network Companies.. Description: Extends to 9/1/2023 the insurance requirements for transportation network companies and transportation network company drivers established pursuant to Act 236, Session Laws of Hawaii 2016. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To License Renewals.. Description: Allows the department of transportation to adopt emergency rules to allow for license renewals to be completed by mail or online. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Minors.. Description: Clarifies the definition of "provider" as it relates to the entities eligible to provide no cost emergency shelter and related services to a consenting minor to include certain organizations who are not considered child placing organizations or child caring institutions. Sunsets 6/30/2023. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Real Estate Investment Trusts.. Description: Authorizes the Department of Taxation to require real estate investment trusts to notify the department of its presence within the State and to report the assets and revenues generated annually. Applies to taxable years beginning after 12/31/2021. (SD2)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Vehicle Weight Taxes.. Description: Repeals the military exemption for vehicle weight taxes on 6/30/2023. Effective 7/1/3050. (HD2)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Leaf Blowers.. Description: Restricts the use of leaf blowers in the Waikiki special improvement district within a residential zone or near a residence to between the hours of 9:00 a.m. and 5:00 p.m. on any day except Sunday or a state or federal holiday and between the hours of 10:00 a.m. and 5:00 p.m. on Sunday or any state or federal holiday. Allows commercial and hotel operators to operate leaf blowers on their premises at least one hundred feet away from a residential zone or residence between the hours of 8:00 a.m. and 6:00 p.m. on any day except Sunday or a state or federal holiday, and between the hours of 9:00 a.m. and 6:00 p.m. on Sunday or any state or federal holiday. Provides that leaf blowers used in special improvement districts during the permitted hours shall not emit more than eighty decibels of noise. Effective 1/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Advanced Practice Registered Nurses.. Description: Authorizes advanced practice registered nurses to order, assess, and certify home health care eligibility for medicare beneficiaries. Authorizes advanced practice registered nurses to certify whether a person is totally disabled under the state income tax code. Authorizes advanced practice registered nurses to make capacity determinations. Adds advanced practice registered nurses as primary providers in advance mental health care directives. (SD2)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Condominiums.. Description: Removes the publication requirement and permits the board of directors of a condominium association to proceed directly to the sale, storage, donation, or disposal of personalty that has been abandoned in or on the common elements of a condominium when the identity or address of the owner is unknown. Effective 1/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Health.. Description: Amends the definition of "preceptor" and "volunteer-based supervised clinical training rotation" to improve accessibility for providers to receive income tax credits for acting as preceptors. Includes the director of health on the preceptor credit assurance committee. Effective 7/1/2060. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Health.. Description: Requires assessment of patients who are subject to emergency hospitalization, diagnosed with a mental illness or severe substance use disorder, and found to be lacking decisional capacity to determine if a surrogate or guardian needs to be appointed to make appropriate health care decisions for the patient. Effective 7/1/2060. (SD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The Nursing Facility Sustainability Program.. Description: Extends the nursing facility sustainability program to 2024. Specifies that the nursing facility sustainability fee limit is 5.5 per cent of overall net patient service revenue. Removes the per resident daily maximum fee of $20 for each facility. Specifies that facilities that meet certain exceptions shall pay a reduced daily fee in comparison to other participating facilities. Allows nursing facilities sixty days to pay the nursing facility sustainability fee. Appropriates funds. Effective 6/29/2021. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Physician Workforce Assessment.. Description: Repeals the requirement that no less than fifty per cent of the physician workforce assessment fees transferred or deposited into the JABSOM special fund be expended for purposes identified by the Hawaii medical education council to support physician workforce assessment and planning efforts. Repeals the cap on expenditures from the JABSOM special fund. Authorizes funds from the JABSOM special fund to be expended for loan repayments to physicians who commit to working in certain medically underserved areas as part of the Hawaii state loan repayment program and scholarships to qualifying medical students. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Transient Accommodations Tax.. Description: Repeals the distribution of transit accommodations tax revenues to the counties. Authorizes each county to impose a surcharge on transient accommodations tax. (SD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Public Employment Cost Items.. Description: Appropriates and authorizes funds for collective bargaining cost items for the members of bargaining unit (1) and their excluded counterparts, including the cost of salary adjustments negotiated between the State and the bargaining unit representative for fiscal biennium 2021-2023. Effective 12/25/2040. (SD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Public Employment Cost Items.. Description: Appropriates and authorizes funds for collective bargaining cost items for the members of bargaining unit (10) and their excluded counterparts, including the cost of salary adjustments negotiated between the State and the bargaining unit representative for fiscal biennium 2021-2023. Effective 12/25/2040. (SD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Greenhouse Gas Emissions.. Description: Convenes a sustainable aviation fuel task force within the Hawaii state energy office to develop a state action plan to reduce the greenhouse gas intensity of international air transportation from Hawaii. Requires reports to the legislature. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD2)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Energy Efficiency.. Description: Allows for the installation of certain energy-efficient technologies on any privately owned single-family residential dwelling or townhouse, with limited restrictions. Requires private entities to review, and if necessary, change rules to allow for the placement of those technologies. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD2)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The State Plan.. Description: Establishes green infrastructure objectives, policies, and priority guidelines for state facility systems, infrastructure, and transit projects in the Hawaii State Planning Act to improve the quality of life for residents and visitors. Adds a definition of "green infrastructure". Requires the office of planning, in partnership with the greenhouse gas sequestration task force, to submit a report to the legislature making recommendations for implementing green infrastructure objectives, policies, and priority guidelines. Effective 7/1/2112. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Peer-to-peer Car-sharing.. Description: Authorizes peer-to-peer car-sharing and establishes regulations thereof. Establishes the peertopeer car-sharing surcharge tax on the operator of the peer-to-peer program. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Operating A Vehicle Under The Influence Of An Intoxicant.. Description: Establishes a state drug and alcohol toxicology testing laboratory special fund, to be administered by DOH. Allows moneys in the state highway fund to be expended to establish a state drug and alcohol toxicology testing laboratory. Deposits into the special fund fines imposed on offenders convicted of certain offenses involving operation of a vehicle under the influence of an intoxicant. Requires expenditure reports to the legislature. Abolishes the special fund on 6/30/2026. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Constitutional Amendments.. Description: Requires the language and meaning of any proposed constitutional amendment and ratification question to be simple, concise, and direct to the extent practicable. Allows the presiding officers of the legislature to request a written opinion of the supreme court regarding the legality of a proposed amendment to the Hawaii State Constitution and the corresponding constitutional ratification question. Requires the court to provide a written opinion within 48 hours of receipt of the request. Requires, for any written opinion by the court that invalidates a constitutional ratification question, a detailed and specific explanation of the reasons for this opinion. Prohibits any appeal of a written opinion. Effective 7/1/3021. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Family Court.. Description: Makes decisions of the family court appealable to the supreme court instead of the intermediate court of appeals. Effective 7/1/2060. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Proposing An Amendment To The Constitution Of The State Of Hawaii To Require The Judicial Selection Commission To Be Guided By Principles Of Merit In The Selection Of Judicial Nominations And The Retention Of Judges And Justices.. Description: Proposes an amendment to the Constitution of the State of Hawaii to require the judicial selection commission to be guided by principles of merit in the selection of judicial nominations and the retention of judges and justices.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Assisted Community Treatment.. Description: Mandates appointment of a guardian ad litem to represent the best interests of a mentally ill individual in assisted community treatment proceedings. Eliminates the requirement for the office of the public defender to participate in the proceedings. (SD2)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Secondhand Dealers.. Description: Clarifies that the secondhand dealers law applies to a secondhand dealer's operation of an automated recycling kiosk that only accepts handheld electronic devices for recycling. Specifies the retention requirements for secondhand dealers that operate an automated recycling kiosk. Effective 1/1/2022. (SD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Judicial Council.. Description: Requires meetings of the judicial council to be open to the public, except for deliberations for the selection of nominees for the campaign spending commission and state ethics commission. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Statute Of Limitations.. Description: Establishes the statute of limitations for all claims against the state founded upon article I, section 20, of the Hawaii State Constitution, regarding eminent domain, shall be two years. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Fair Housing Reasonable Accommodations.. Description: Codifies the administrative rule definition of "assistance animal". Permits an owner or person engaged in a real estate transaction to request verification if the disability-related need for an assistance animal is not readily apparent. Specifies that possession of a vest or other distinguishing animal garment, tag, or registration document commonly purchased online and purporting to identify an animal as a service animal or assistance animal does not constitute valid verification of a disability-related need for an assistance animal. Effective 11/1/21. (SD2)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Post-secondary Education.. Description: Requires accredited and non-accredited for-profit post-secondary educational institutions that are authorized to award degrees and operate in the State to disclose on the institution's official website, promotional digital and print media, and contracts for instruction, that they are for-profit businesses. Effective 7/1/2060. (SD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The Residential Landlord-tenant Code.. Description: Establishes a process for the early termination of a rental agreement for certain active duty servicemembers who receive military orders to vacate civilian housing and move into on-post government quarters. Effective 11/1/2021. (SD2)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Section 711-1109, Hawaii Revised Statutes.. Description: Prohibits specified trolleys, trolleys with swivels, pulleys, cables, or running lines designed to attach a dog to two stationary objects in a configuration that endangers the dog, including by depriving the dog of sustenance. Prohibits tethering or restraining a dog under the age of six months unless the dog is engaged in an activity supervised by its owner or an agent of its owner. Prohibits tethering or restraining a dog with a tow or log chain. Prohibits tethering or restraining a dog with a choke collar, pinch collar, or prong collar unless the dog is engaged in an activity supervised by its owner or an agent of its owner. (SD2)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Procurement Of Contracts For Vehicle Rental.. Description: Requires all agencies of the State, when renting a vehicle on behalf of a state employee conducting official government business, to adopt a preference for renting electric vehicles or hybrid vehicles; provided that such a vehicle is suitable for the specific travel requirements and available when needed. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Climate Change Mitigation.. Description: Assesses a climate change mitigation impact fee on every customer who rents, leases, or utilizes a rental motor vehicle. Establishes the climate change mitigation special fund. Specifies that the impact fees collected shall be deposited to the credit of the general fund; provided that beginning July 1, 2024, the impact fees shall be deposited to the credit of the climate change mitigation special fund. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Aircraft.. Description: Requires the Director of Transportation to adopt rules to require tour aircraft operators to have commercial general liability insurance coverage of at least $10,000,000 and to report details of each flight taken by the tour aircraft operation in order to renew a tour aircraft operation permit. Effective 1/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To School Food Programs.. Description: Requires the department of education conduct a comprehensive cost analysis of the department's food services and student meals programs to, in part, increase the use of locally grown agricultural products. Requires a report to the legislature. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Increasing The Estate Tax.. Description: Amends the exclusion amount of Hawaii's estate tax. Applicable to decedents dying or taxable transfers occurring after 12/31/2020. Effective 1/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Motor Vehicles.. Description: Establishes a new offense of theft of a catalytic converter. Requires vehicle registration records and photocopies of driver's licenses to be kept for businesses engaged in the selling or negotiating the purchase of used motor vehicle parts or accessories or licensed to wreck, salvage, or dismantle motor vehicles. Requires these businesses to refuse purchase of used motor vehicle parts or accessories and report the attempted sale to police if a seller does not provide certain information. Changes the fine for any violations of the used motor vehicle parts and accessories laws. Effective 1/1/2022. (SD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Driver's Licenses.. Description: Extends the renewal period from two years to four years for licensees who are seventy-two years of age or older but younger than eighty years of age. Effective 7/1/3021. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Commercial Driver's License Disqualification For Severe Forms Of Trafficking In Persons.. Description: Adds a permanent commercial driver's license disqualification for a holder of a commercial driver's license or commercial learner's permit who is convicted of a felony involving a severe form of trafficking in persons. (SD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Behavior Analysts.. Description: Makes permanent the regulation of behavior analysts. Effective 06/29/21. (SD2)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Public Lands.. Description: Authorizes the designation of areas or regions of public lands classified as commercial, industrial, resort and hotel, and the establishment and implementation of guidelines for the redevelopment of the areas or regions that will: (1) modernize the policies for the management of public lands in the designated area; (2) establish a plan for the designated area, including district-wide improvements, that is coordinated with state and county land use and planning policies; and (3) implement asset and property management concepts that can optimize income from the properties and evolve in response to changing principles of property administration. Designates the public lands on the Waiakea peninsula on the island of Hawaii as the Waiakea peninsula redevelopment district. Allows the department of land and natural resources to issue a rent reduction or waiver for certain lessee's expenses for demolition or provision of basic infrastructure. Authorizes a local redevelopment agency to contract with a developer for construction of non-residential projects on public land within a redevelopment area. Exempts the costs of construction of work or improvements of a redevelopment project from general excise and use taxes. Effective 1/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The Hawaii Employer-union Health Benefits Trust Fund.. Description: Suspends the requirement for public employers to make annual required contributions to the Hawaii employer-union health benefits trust fund through fiscal year 2022-2023. Repeals on 6/30/2023. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The Transfer Of Non-agricultural Park Lands.. Description: Establishes a working group to: (1) Ascertain the process and status of the transfer of non-agricultural park lands from the department of land and natural resources to the department of agriculture pursuant to Act 90, SLH 2003 (Act 90) and chapter 166E, Hawaii Revised Statutes, regarding non-agricultural park lands; and (2) Determine the challenges and potential remedies necessary to facilitate the process of fulfilling the purposes of Act 90. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Hospital Sustainability Program.. Description: Extends the hospital sustainability program through 6/30/2024. Increases the maximum fee for inpatient care services to 5.5%. Increases the amount of time hospitals have to pay the hospital sustainability fee from 30 days to 60 days. Increases the pool of medicaid services that can be used for matching purposes. Appropriates funds. Effective 6/29/2050. (SD2)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Taxation.. Description: Imposes an excise tax of fifty percent of the otherwise applicable tax under section 245-3, HRS, on every wholesaler for each modified risk tobacco product sold, used, or possessed by a wholesaler. Defines modified risk tobacco product. Defines "eliquids" and "smoke" or "smoking". Amends the definition of "tobacco products". Effective 7/1/2060. (SD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Cannabis.. Description: Authorizes the department of health to allow a licensed dispensary to purchase up to three thousand grams of medical cannabis or manufactured cannabis products from another licensed dispensary to ensure ongoing qualifying patient access. Increases the allowable number of production centers and retail dispensing locations per dispensary license. Places certain limits on where qualifying patients can obtain medical cannabis or manufactured cannabis products after 12/31/21. Authorizes the department of health to set fee structures for the submission of applications for each additional production center and retail dispensing location and for dispensary-to-dispensary sales. Permits inspections of registered grow sites by department of health or law enforcement to verify compliance with cannabis plant limits for cultivation by qualifying patients. Limits dispensary-to-dispensary sales to those located on the same island, as long as federal law prohibits the transportation of medical cannabis over a body of water. Effective 7/1/2060. (SD2)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Taxation.. Description: Increases the tax by $0.50 each year from 1/1/2022 to 12/31/2027. Exempts the imposition of the rental motor vehicle surcharge tax for persons whose vehicles have been stolen and are unrecovered or will not be repaired due to total loss. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Transportation.. Description: Specifies that a government agency does not assume ownership or jurisdiction over a disputed road through any maintenance or repair activities. Authorizes the State to transfer ownership of roads in favor of counties by quitclaim if requested by the county. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD2)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Crimes Against Seniors.. Description: Lowers the age at which enhanced penalties apply for crimes against seniors from sixty-two years of age to sixty years of age. Makes commission of certain criminal offenses against a senior's person or property applicable if the perpetrator knows or reasonably should know the senior victim's age. (SD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To County Zoning Ordinances.. Description: Prohibits the counties from requiring, as part of a county zoning ordinance or county rule, a developer with more than one residential unit to obtain the approval of any state agency unless that approval is expressly required by law. (SD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Aquatic Resources.. Description: Authorizes the department of land and natural resources to use in-lieu fee mitigation to restore, create, enhance, or preserve aquatic habitats or resources as compensatory mitigation. (SD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Lease Extensions On Public Land.. Description: Authorizes the board of land and natural resources to extend certain leases of public lands for commercial, industrial, resort, mixed-use, or government use upon approval of a proposed development agreement to make substantial improvements to the existing improvements. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Rural Districts.. Description: Authorizes the counties to adopt ordinances that allow up to one dwelling per quarter-acre in rural districts. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Media.. Description: Requires the department of business, economic development, and tourism to fix the payment of royalties to the State for the filming of scenic shots of iconic locations in the State that are subsequently featured in media for production purposes. Exempts state and county productions. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Fireworks.. Description: Increases the fines associated with the illegal use of consumer fireworks and display fireworks, articles pyrotechnic, and aerial devices outside of the times permitted by law. Effective 1/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Taxation.. Description: Establishes a vehicle registration fee tax credit for persons who are eligible for a refundable food/excise tax credit greater than $0. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The State Capitol Management Committee.. Description: Dissolves the state capitol management committee.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To On-site Early Childhood Facilities.. Description: Establishes an income tax credit for employers who create onsite group child care centers. Establishes and appropriates funds for 1.0 FTE on-site group child care center coordinator position. Applies to taxable years beginning after 12/31/2021. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Sustainable Electronics Management.. Description: Requires persons who receive state funds and state financial assistance to donate unnecessary but functioning electronic devices, hardware, and televisions to nonprofit organizations that will refurbish and distribute them to eligible persons in the State. Sets reporting requirements for donating entities, nonprofit refurbishers, and the department of accounting and general services. Sets penalties for violations. Effective 7/1/2112. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Teacher Housing.. Description: Clarifies that DOE, in partnership with the Hawaii public housing authority, Hawaii housing finance and development corporation, and the school facilities agency, may construct housing for teachers on a public school campus. Requires that housing units constructed or acquired on a school campus after 6/30/2021, be rented at an affordable cost to new teachers or teachers teaching in a rural or hard-to-staff location, with priority given to teachers employed full-time at the school where the housing unit is located. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Procurement.. Description: Defines past performance. Requires the state procurement office to establish and administer a past performance database and adopt rules regarding information and procedures associated with the past performance database, by 12/31/2023. Requires procurement officers to consider specific factors, including past performance, when available. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Residential Real Property.. Description: Authorizes county police and planning or permitting agencies to enter privately owned residential real property, under certain specified conditions, to address imminent threats to health or safety or violations of county zoning laws that threaten health or safety. Specifies that a property owner who receives a health- or safety-related notice of violation and fails to remediate the violation within the county planning or permitting agency's specified time frame shall be fined a minimum of $1,000 per day and subject to foreclosure proceedings if within a certain number of days the fine is not paid and commencement of remediation is not started. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Agricultural Lands.. Description: Requires a state contract for the purchase of produce to include an option for the contractor supplying the produce to lease of state agricultural lands. Establishes a process for the college of tropical agriculture and human resources of the university of Hawaii to identify appropriate land to be leased. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD2)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Health.. Description: Clarifies that the duties of the working group established by Act 263, Session Laws of Hawaii 2019, within the Department of Health include identifying gaps in services; coordinating funding sources; and establishing and identifying outcome measures for behavioral health, substance abuse, and homelessness. Effective 6/29/2021. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Uniform Controlled Substances Act.. Description: Removes cannabidiol drugs that have been approved by the United States Food and Drug Administration from the list of Schedule V substances for consistency with federal laws. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Energy Efficiency.. Description: Requires and establishes deadlines for state facilities, except smaller facilities and facilities within the stadium development district, to implement cost-effective energy efficiency measures. Allows the department of accounting and general services to opt out of the cost-effective energy efficiency measures if a facility will be demolished within five years. Directs the Hawaii natural energy institute to collect utility bill and energy usage data for state-owned buildings and to make the data publicly available. Establishes a goal for the State to achieve at least a twenty-five percent reduction in the electricity consumption of state facilities. Provides that certain agencies that perform energy efficiency retrofitting may continue to receive appropriations for energy expenditures. Beginning 7/1/2022, requires, where feasible and cost-effective, the design of all new state building construction to maximize energy and water efficiency, maximize energy generation potential, and use building materials that reduce the carbon footprint of the project. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The Environment.. Description: Part I: Establishes clean ground transportation goals for state agencies to achieve a one hundred per cent light-duty motor vehicles zero-emission fleet by December 31, 2035. Part II: Authorizes the department of accounting and general services to approve state fleet acquisitions, including zero emission vehicle requirements for light-duty motor vehicles that are passenger cars and light-duty motor vehicles that are multipurpose passenger vehicles and trucks, with allowance for exemptions. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The Protection Of Sharks.. Description: Establishes an offense of intentionally or knowingly capturing, entangling, or killing a shark in state marine waters, and provides penalties and fines. Provides certain exemptions. Allows the department of land and natural resources to establish rules. Effective 1/1/2022. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Real Property Transactions.. Description: Requires sellers to disclose whether the real property lies within the sea level rise exposure area designated by the Hawaii climate change mitigation and adaptation commission or its successor. Effective 1/1/2050. (HD2)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Clean Energy Financing.. Description: Creates the clean energy and energy efficiency revolving loan fund in the Hawaii green infrastructure special fund to be administered by the Hawaii Green Infrastructure Authority. Amends the purpose of the revolving sub-fund to expand financing for state agencies and also includes the electrification of fleet vehicles. Repeals the building energy efficiency revolving loan fund. Appropriates funds from the clean energy and energy efficiency revolving loan fund to make loans for clean energy investments or other authorized uses. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Energy.. Description: Requires the public utilities commission to determine whether analysis of the effect of the State's reliance on fossil fuels is necessary for proceedings involving water, wastewater, or telecommunications providers on an individual basis. Provides that the analysis is not required for a utility's routine system replacements or determinations that do not pertain to capital improvements or operations. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Abuse Of Family Or Household Members.. Description: Adds coercive control between family or household members to the pilot program to strengthen state and county responses to domestic violence and increase violator accountability established by Act 19, Regular Session of 2020. Sunsets 6/30/2026. (SD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Sexual Abuse Of Minors.. Description: Expands the time period by which a civil action for childhood sexual abuse may be initiated. Extends the period during which a victim of childhood sexual abuse may bring an otherwise time-barred action against the victim's abuser or a legal entity having a duty of care. Allows recovery of treble damages in certain circumstances. Provides for training on trauma-informed response. Applies retroactively to 4/24/2020. (SD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Childlike Sex Dolls.. Description: Establishes the felony offense of importation, sale, or possession of a childlike sex doll. Effective 1/1/2050. (HD2)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Federal Funds.. Description: Establishes the joint legislative emergency response and recovery committee. Allows the joint legislative emergency response and recovery committee, under certain circumstances, to convene and make recommendations to the legislature regarding federal funds. Provides the Legislature with the opportunity to convene in special session in accordance with the state constitution to act on the recommendations. (SD2)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Health Care.. Description: Authorizes advanced practice registered nurses to perform medication or aspiration abortions. (HD3)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Tobacco Products.. Description: Establishes the offense of unlawful shipment of tobacco products. Increases the license fee for persons engaged as a wholesaler or dealer of cigarettes and tobacco products. Increases the retail tobacco permit fee for retailers engaged in the retail sale of cigarettes and tobacco products. Allocates a portion of funds collected from excise taxes on tobacco products to health education and prevention programs concerning the risks and dangers of the use of electronic smoking devices for youth. Repeals certain provisions of the Hawaii Revised Statutes relating to electronic smoking devices. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Association Governance.. Description: Clarifies that planned community associations may conduct meetings remotely consistent with the Hawaii Nonprofit Corporations Act. Authorizes condominium associations to conduct electronic meetings and electronic, machine, or mail voting during a state of emergency or local state of emergency, or any meeting noticed during such emergencies and for which the applicable emergency has since expired. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The Traffic Code.. Description: Amends the statewide traffic code to allow for the county chiefs of police to designate county employees to issue citations for traffic violations. (SD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Authorizing The Issuance Of General Obligation Bonds For Affordable Housing.. Description: Authorizes the issuance of general obligation bonds with the funds to be deposited into the dwelling unit revolving fund and the rental housing revolving fund. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Board Of Education.. Description: Requires the board of education to hold no less than six community forums annually, with at least one forum in each county. Requires the board to include an open forum for public comments on non-agenda items. Requires a report to the legislature on implementing open forums. Eliminates the superintendent of education as a voting member constituting the public employer for the purpose of negotiating a collective bargaining agreement with personnel of the department of education. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Special License Plates.. Description: Authorizes the issuance of special number motor vehicle license plates to commemorate the Polynesian Voyaging Society. Effective 7/1/2065. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Financial Hardship.. Description: Provides courts with greater discretion to adjust the payment of fees or fines for violations of certain traffic offenses based on the person's inability to pay or financial circumstances. Decreases the imprisonment term to contumacious nonpayment ratio. Increases the amount of credit given to a person committed for contumacious nonpayment. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Firearm Ownership.. Description: Provide an extensive process for limited firearm ownership for hunting or sport only for certain misdemeanor offenders who are currently not allowed to possess a firearm in the State. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The Employees' Retirement System.. Description: Authorizes a court to order the forfeiture of one-half of the Employees' Retirement System (ERS) benefits of an ERS member, former member, or retirant upon conviction of the individual for a felony related to the State or county employment of the individual. Authorizes designated beneficiaries to receive the ERS benefits to which the member, former member or retirant would be entitled under this section upon the death of the member, former member, or retirant. Prohibits designated beneficiaries convicted of a felony under the same set of circumstances as the member, former member, or retirant who was subject to forfeiture of ERS benefits from receiving benefits. (SD2)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The Code Of Ethics.. Description: Prohibits certain state officials and employees from representing certain interests before the State for twelve months after termination from their respective positions. Specifies that the prohibition against disclosing certain information applies to those who were employed by the State for less than one hundred eighty-one days. Effective 1/1/2022. (SD2)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Electioneering Communications.. Description: Limits electioneering communication disclosure requirements to noncandidate committees.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Sustainable Aviation Fuel.. Description: Establishes the sustainable aviation fuel program to provide matching grants to any small business in Hawaii that is developing products related to sustainable aviation fuel or greenhouse gas reduction from commercial aviation operations. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Critical Electrical Infrastructure.. Description: Amends the offense of burglary in the second degree to include intentionally entering or remaining unlawfully on a critical electrical infrastructure. (HD2)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Farm To School Procurement.. Description: Requires the department of education to establish rules for the procurement of goods and services related to the administration of food programs at public schools that incorporate a geographic preference for unprocessed locally grown and locally raised food products. Effective 7/1/2051. (HD2)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Issuance Of Special Purpose Revenue Bonds To Assist Wahiawa General Hospital.. Description: Authorizes the issuance of special purpose revenue bonds for long-term debt restructuring of Wahiawa general hospital. Effective 7/1/2060. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Public Employment Cost Items.. Description: Authorizes and appropriates funds for collective bargaining cost items for the members of bargaining unit (2) and their excluded counterparts, including the cost of salary adjustments and Hawaii employer-union health benefits trust fund costs negotiated between the State and the bargaining unit representative for fiscal biennium 2021-2023. Effective 12/25/2040. (SD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Public Employment Cost Items.. Description: Appropriates and authorizes funds for collective bargaining cost items for the members of bargaining unit (3) and their excluded counterparts, including the cost of salary adjustments and Hawaii employer-union health benefits trust fund costs negotiated between the State and the bargaining unit representative for fiscal biennium 2021-2023. Effective 12/25/2040. (SD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Public Employment Cost Items.. Description: Appropriates and authorizes funds for collective bargaining cost items for the members of bargaining unit (4) and their excluded counterparts, including the cost of salary adjustments and Hawaii employer-union health benefits trust fund costs negotiated between the State and the bargaining unit representative for fiscal biennium 2021-2023. Effective 12/25/2040. (SD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Public Employment Cost Items.. Description: Provides appropriations for collective bargaining cost items for the members of bargaining unit (6) and their excluded counterparts, including the cost of salary adjustments and Hawaii employer-union health benefits trust fund costs negotiated between the State and the bargaining unit representative for fiscal biennium 2021-2023. Effective 12/25/2040. (SD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Public Employment Cost Items.. Description: Provides appropriations for collective bargaining cost items for the members of bargaining unit (8) and their excluded counterparts, including the cost of salary adjustments and Hawaii employer-union health benefits trust fund costs negotiated between the State and the bargaining unit representative for fiscal biennium 2021-2023. Effective 12/25/2040. (SD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Health.. Description: Requires the department of human services to compile information regarding employers having employees who receive public assistance and to submit a report to the legislature on the 50 employers with the highest number of employees receiving public assistance. Requires the department of labor and industrial relations to share employment data with the department of human services. Effective 7/1/2060. (SD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Human Trafficking.. Description: Establishes a statewide coordinator and program overseen by the department of the attorney general to provide services and assistance to commercially sexually exploited children and victims of human trafficking. Requires the attorney general to submit annual reports to the legislature. Requires the children's justice program to coordinate the investigation and case management of child human trafficking cases, including cases involving the commercial sexual exploitation of children. Effective 5/6/2137. (SD2)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Pandemic Response.. Description: Authorizes use of funds appropriated from the emergency and budget reserve fund, from the amounts received by the State from the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act, for the purchase and distribution of personal protective equipment and industrial hygiene products to state departments and attached agencies. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Statewide Health Planning.. Description: Provides flexibility in the administering of the statewide language access resource center. Effective 7/1/2060. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Ethics.. Description: Requires certain Hawaii state ethics commission records to be retained for a period of six years from the date of filing. (SD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To School Impact Fees.. Description: Excludes housing developed by the Department of Hawaiian Home Lands from school impact fees for 3 years. Allows construction cost component impact fees to be used to improve or renovate existing structures for school use. Repeals the prohibition against expending construction cost component impact fees for portable or temporary facilities. Repeals the requirement that an expenditure plan for all collected impact fees be incorporated into the Department of Education's annual budget process. (SD2)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Board Of Agriculture.. Description: Designates one of the at-large positions on the board of agriculture as the chairperson of the Hawaiian homes commission. Provides that the chairperson of the Hawaiian homes commission will serve on the board of agriculture upon the expiration of an at-large position's term. (SD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The State Foundation On Culture And The Arts.. Description: Allows the works of art special fund to be used for performing arts, under certain conditions. Includes posting of a recording of performing art as a form of public display. Defines performing arts. Effective 7/1/2065. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Mobile Emergency Management Services.. Description: Appropriates funds for the Hawaii emergency management agency to acquire mobile communications, water, and power service capabilities that can be deployed to each county as needed. Effective 7/1/2051. (SD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The Farm To School Program.. Description: Moves the Hawaii farm to school program from the Department of Agriculture to the Department of Education. Establishes a programmatic goal for the Department of Education that at least 30% of food served in public schools shall consist of locally sourced products by 2030. Creates an annual reporting requirement. (SD2)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Health.. Description: Establishes a task force to review and recommend specific actions to ensure that Hawaii's food imports are sourced, transported, stored, and distributed in compliance with the Food Safety Modernization Act, and develops specific recommendations to ensure that all foods and brands imported into Hawaii do not mislead or confuse the public. (SD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Renaming Kahului Airport Access Road.. Description: Renames Kahului Airport Access Road on Maui as the Mayor Elmer F. Cravalho Way. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The Issuance Of Special Purpose Revenue Bonds To Assist Pueo Development, Llc.. Description: Authorizes the issuance of special purpose revenue bonds for a master planned development proposed by Pueo Development, LLC, on Hawaiian Home Lands. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Works Of Art Special Fund.. Description: Authorizes funds from the works of art special fund to be used for Bishop Museum and Iolani Palace. Sunsets 6/30/2022. Effective 7/1/2065. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Trespass.. Description: Clarifies that when trespass involves public land, all law enforcement officers shall enforce trespass laws, without regard to whether the land is owned by the State or by a county.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Electric Vehicles.. Description: Authorizes each county to adopt ordinances to enforce section 291-71, Hawaii Revised Statutes, including the establishment of penalties for failure to comply with its requirements or make reasonable efforts to maintain electric vehicle (EV) charging stations in working order. Clarifies that certain enforcement officers may enter private property to enforce EV parking space violations. Requires new EV charging systems installed pursuant to the EV charging system requirement to be at least Level 2 and network-capable beginning 1/1/2022. Changes EV charging equipped parking requirements per one hundred stalls from one stall by 2012 to five stalls by 2025 and ten stalls by 2030. Takes effect 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Trauma-informed Education.. Description: Requires DOE to establish a threeyear pilot program for the development and implementation of a traumainformed education program in the Castle, Kailua, and Kalaheo complex areas, based on the NanakuliWaianae complex area traumainformed education programs and report to the legislature. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/2051. (SD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Agriculture.. Description: Requires and establishes benchmarks for each state department to ensure that a certain percentage of the produce purchased by that department consists of fresh local agricultural products or local value-added, processed, agricultural, or food products. Requires a report to the legislature on each department's progress toward meeting these benchmarks. (SD2)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Criminal Trespass Onto State Lands.. Description: Provides that the facts and circumstances to be considered in establishing the offenses of criminal trespass in the second degree and criminal trespass onto state lands may include but not be limited to authenticated photographs, video recordings, or other recordings that show the commission of the offense. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Historic Preservation.. Description: Authorizes the state historic preservation division, in consultation with the office of Hawaiian affairs, to delegate the responsibility of historic preservation project reviews to the impacted county and establish a program for third-party individuals and organizations to conduct document reviews on proposed projects. Effective 1/1/2050. (HD2)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Intoxicating Liquor.. Description: Requires any express carrier company, common or contract carrier, except water carriers as defined and regulated by the Surface Transportation Board of the United States, or other person that transports liquor from outside the State for delivery in the State to prepare and file a monthly report with the liquor commission or liquor control adjudication board of each county. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Emergency Powers.. Description: Specifies the Governor's emergency powers to include the authority to assume control, use, or operation of any state facility at no cost or requirement of compensation. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD2)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Electronic Smoking Devices.. Description: Makes unlawful the sale of flavored tobacco products, mislabeling of e-liquid products containing nicotine, and sale of tobacco products other than through retail sales via inperson exchange. Includes e-liquid and electronic smoking devices within the definition of "tobacco products" as used in the cigarette tax and tobacco tax law. Abolishes the Electronic Smoking Device Retailer Registration and Enforcement Unit. Effective 07/01/2060. (SD2)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To A Black Cinder Cone Quarry Site Survey.. Description: Requires the department of land and natural resources, in collaboration with the county of Hawaii, to conduct site surveys to identify the most suitable locations for black cinder cone quarries on the island of Hawaii. Requires a report to the legislature. Appropriates funds. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The National Guard Youth Challenge Academy.. Description: Appropriates funds to support the ongoing operations of the Hawaii national guard youth challenge program. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To State Government.. Description: Abolishes the office of aerospace development, aerospace advisory committee, and Hawaii unmanned aerial systems test site advisory board. Transfers administration of the Pacific international space center for exploration systems from DBEDT to the University of Hawaii at Hilo. Transfers the administration of and the budget for the Challenger center Hawaii program from the office of aerospace development to DOE. Decreases transient accommodations tax allocation to the convention center enterprise special fund. Repeals transient accommodation tax allocation to the counties. Authorizes the counties to establish a county transient accommodations tax at a rate not to exceed three per cent. Effective 1/1/2022, repeals the tourism special fund and repeals certain compensation package limits for the president and chief executive officer of HTA. Repeals the HTA's exemption from the public procurement code. Makes an appropriation for HTA. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Forestry.. Description: Appropriates funds for the forest stewardship program of the department of land and natural resources to build and expand facilities of the state tree nurseries. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Special Purpose Revenue Bonds To Assist Luana Kai A Life Plan Community.. Description: Authorizes the issuance of special purpose revenue bonds to assist Luana Kai A Life Plan Community with the development and operation of a continuing care retirement community. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Agricultural Enterprises.. Description: Authorizes the department of agriculture to plan, design, construct, operate, manage, maintain, repair, demolish, and remove infrastructure on any lands under the jurisdiction of the department, to support and promote agriculture. Establishes the agricultural enterprise program. Establishes the agricultural enterprise special fund. Requires the board of agriculture to annually report an accounting of non-agricultural park lessees to the legislature. Effective 1/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Electric Guns.. Description: Regulates the sale and use of electric guns and cartridges. Repeals the prohibition on the possession, sale, offer for sale, give, lend, or delivery of any electric gun. Effective 1/1/2022. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Procurement.. Description: Requires purchasing agencies to make a written determination that the amount of a contracting action for purchases of health and human services is fair and reasonable. Amends the selection process and composition of the procurement policy board. Amends the circumstances for when treatment services may be purchased and the procedure to purchase such services. Increases the small purchase threshold. Repeals the establishment of the community council on purchase of health and human services. Requires the chief procurement officer to expeditiously resolve any protest. Creates time limits to resolve protests to the awards of major construction projects valued at or above three million dollars. Effective 7/1/2112. (SD2)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Office Of Information Practices.. Description: Requires the OIP director to rule or provide written guidance on an agency denial or granting of access to information or records. Requires the OIP director to receive and resolve complaints under Hawaii's sunshine law either by determining whether a violation occurred or providing written guidance. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD2)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Crime.. Description: Creates a separate offense for those who provide anything of value to engage in sexual conduct with another. Specifies that the offense of sex trafficking may be prosecuted at any time. Specifies that sex trafficking includes advancing or profiting from prostitution by certain means, including through coercion. Makes a person strictly liable for sex trafficking of a minor in terms of the victim's age. Renames offenses involving the solicitation of prostitution to use the more appropriate term of commercial sexual exploitation. Amends the elements for commission of the offense of commercial sexual exploitation of a minor and increases the grade of offense to a class B felony. Includes anything of value as a type of compensation for purposes of engaging in prostitution or other offenses involving commercial sexual exploitation. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Covered Offender Registration.. Description: Repeals provision that allows persons designated as covered offenders in another state or jurisdiction to petition the attorney general for termination of registration requirements upon demonstrating that the out of state convictions are not covered offenses in the State of Hawaii. Requires certain long-term visitors to Hawaii with out-of-state convictions to register pursuant to section 846E-2(b), HRS. Clarifies how persons required to register pursuant to section 846E-2(b), HRS, can petition to terminate registration. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Public Lands.. Description: Exempts land set aside by the governor to the Hawaii Housing Finance and Development Corporation and lands leased to the Hawaii Housing Finance and Development Corporation from other state departments or agencies from classification as public lands subject to Department of Land and Natural Resources management. Requires the land to be subject to legislative approval prior to the sale or gift of those lands. Requires the Hawaii Housing Finance and Development Corporation to return any land set aside by the governor or leased lands no longer needed for housing, finance, or development. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Housing.. Description: Repeals the Hawaii housing finance and development corporation's downpayment loan assistance program and homebuyers' club program. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Public Employment Cost Items.. Description: Provides appropriations for collective bargaining cost items for the members of Unit (5) and their excluded counterparts, including the cost of salary adjustments negotiated between the State and the bargaining unit representative for fiscal biennium 2021-2023. Effective 12/25/2040. (SD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Public Employment Cost Items.. Description: Provides appropriations for collective bargaining cost items for the members of Unit (7) and their excluded counterparts, including the cost of salary adjustments negotiated between the State and the bargaining unit representative for fiscal biennium 2021-2023. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Public Employment Cost Items.. Description: Appropriates and authorizes funds for collective bargaining cost items for the members of bargaining unit (11) and their excluded counterparts, including the cost of salary adjustments negotiated between the State and the bargaining unit representative for fiscal biennium 2021-2023. Effective 12/25/2040. (SD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Qualified Domestic Relations Orders.. Description: Clarifies benefits to alternate payees, advisory review determinations of Hawaii domestic relations orders and the priority of multiple orders. Applies to domestic relations orders submitted on or after its effective date. (SD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Employees' Retirement System Investments.. Description: Exempts the employees' retirement system from disclosing under chapter 92F, Hawaii Revised Statutes, certain types of alternative investment fund information. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Employees' Retirement System Benefits.. Description: Clarifies the Employees' Retirement System's eligibility requirement definitions for service-connected disability retirement and accidental death benefits. Effective 12/25/2040. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Securities.. Description: Mandates reporting of suspected financial exploitation of elders and vulnerable adults in relation to securities. Provides immunity for good faith reporting. Authorizes the delay of disbursements and transactions in situations of suspected financial exploitation. (SD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The Use Of Electronic Filing By The Public Utilities Commission.. Description: Allows the public utilities commission to use electronic filing processes and similar practices. Requires the public utilities commission to conform its electronic forms and electronic filing processes to comply with the Americans with Disabilities Act and other federal laws and regulations to ensure equal access for individuals with disabilities. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Nondepository Trusts.. Description: Establishes provisions concerning nondepository trust companies, including powers and duties, yearly assessment calculations, and paid-in-capital and surplus requirements. Appropriates funds to the division of financial institutions to administer nondepository trusts. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Hurricane Preparedness.. Description: Establishes the safe home program to provide matching and nonmatching grants for installation of wind resistive devices to single-family, owner-occupied, residential properties in certain circumstances. Allocates a portion of the moneys earned through interest from the hurricane reserve trust fund for grants under the safe home program. Creates a temporary position within the insurance division of the department of commerce and consumer affairs to implement and administer the safe home program. Appropriates funds. Effective 1/1/2050. (HD2)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The Hawaii Emergency Management Agency.. Description: Converts the executive officer, public information officer, civil defense administrative officer, branch chiefs, and emergency operations center state warning point personnel in the Hawaii Emergency Management Agency from civil service status to exempt status. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Military Dependents.. Description: Exempts dependents of military service members from state residency requirement for government employment if the military service member is in Hawaii on bona fide military orders. Allows a spouse of an active duty service member in the military who accompanies the service member a permanent change of station to Hawaii and holds a current, unencumbered license in another jurisdiction in specific professions to apply for licensure on an expedited basis in the State. Effective 1/1/2022. (SD2)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Reports Of Child Abuse.. Description: Adds immunity from civil and criminal liability for individuals who provide information or assistance in child abuse investigations. Effective 6/30/2021. (SD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Adult Protective Services.. Description: Broadens the Department of Human Services' right of entry into a vulnerable adult's premises to cover situations in which there is probable cause to believe a vulnerable adult is subject to any type of abuse, regardless of whether there is physical injury. (SD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Newborn Hearing Screening.. Description: Requires diagnostic audiologic evaluation results of newborn hearing screening evaluations, or infants whose hearing status changes, to be provided to the department of health. (SD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Hearing And Vision Program.. Description: Amends the hearing and vision program statute to increase the early identification of children with hearing or vision loss, by establishing consistent protocols for hearing and vision screening and follow-up, screener training, and data collection for quality improvement. (SD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The Disclosure Of Vital Statistics Records.. Description: Authorizes the Department of Health to disclose vital statistics records for public health purposes. Updates eligibility requirements for access to confidential vital statistics records. (SD2)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The Boiler And Elevator Safety Law.. Description: Authorizes the Director of Labor and Industrial Relations to prohibit the operation of pressure retaining items, amusement rides, and elevators and kindred equipment if inspection fees or fines are not timely paid. Deletes the statutory boiler and elevator fee schedule and requires the director to establish the fees by rules adopted pursuant to chapter 91, Hawaii Revised Statutes. Defines "amusement ride", "permit to operate", and "pressure retaining item". Replaces "boiler, pressure systems" with "pressure retaining items" throughout chapter 397, Hawaii Revised Statutes. (SD2)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Forest Stewardship.. Description: Clarifies conditions that must be met by applicants to receive funds under the forest stewardship program. Effective 1/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Certain Penalties For Violations Of Subtitle 4 Of Title 12, Hawaii Revised Statutes.. Description: Amends the additional fines and costs for destroying or harvesting trees or tree products, including koa, on state forest reserves lands. Establishes penalties for any person who violates vehicular parking or traffic movement rules adopted by the DLNR under forest reserves, water development, and zoning laws. Authorizes the State to pursue civil legal action and criminal action against a person violating forest reserves, water development, and zoning laws and rules. Establishes criminal penalties for violations of all forest reserves laws or rules. Repeals the general penalty provision for violations of certain forestry and wildlife, recreation areas, and fire protection laws and rules. (SD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Boating Reports.. Description: Requires the fire chief and ocean safety director of each county, in addition to the Director of Public Safety and police chief of each county, to transmit to the Department of Land and Natural Resources a copy of every report relating to boating accidents or the theft, loss, or recovery of vessels. Requires all reports submitted to be unredacted; provided that medical information may be redacted. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Rentals For Public Land Leases.. Description: Authorizes the board of land and natural resources to approve rental reductions or waivers for leases on public lands that require substantial demolition or infrastructure improvement costs in order for the lessee to utilize the premises. Effective 1/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The Taking Of Marine Life.. Description: Provides that a single valid commercial marine vessel license satisfies the licensure requirement for all persons aboard the licensed vessel. Requires any person who provides fishing charter services to obtain a commercial marine license. Allows any vessel used for or engaged in the taking of marine life for commercial purposes to be eligible to obtain a commercial marine vessel license. Requires the commercial marine vessel licensee of a Hawaii longline vessel that satisfies the commercial marine license requirement by obtaining the vessel license to file an annual report with the department of land and natural resources that contains certain information on crew members. Authorizes the department of land and natural resources to establish rules and fees for the issuance of a commercial marine vessel license. Requires the department of land and natural resources to submit a report to the legislature regarding the status of its administrative rules establishing a new commercial marine vessel license category. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Crustaceans.. Description: Repeals section 188-58.5, Hawaii Revised Statutes, which prohibits the taking or killing of female spiny lobsters, Kona crabs, and Samoan crabs. (SD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Lay Nets.. Description: Authorizes the department of land and natural resources to adopt rules to establish a lay net permit for the use or possession of lay nets, including reasonable permit fees and provisions for revocation, suspension, and withholding of permits for noncompliance with lay net rules. (SD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Ocean Stewardship.. Description: Establishes the ocean stewardship special fund and ocean stewardship user fee for the collection and use of moneys for the conservation, restoration, and enhancement of the State's marine resources. Sunsets the special fund on 1/1/2029. Delays collection of the ocean stewardship user fee until 1/1/2024. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Adaptive Natural Resource Management.. Description: Authorizes the board of land and natural resources (BLNR) to temporarily adopt, amend, and repeal certain natural resource rules by formal action at a public meeting if BLNR finds that such adoption, amendment, or repeal is necessary to implement effective and adaptive management measures in response to rapidly changing resource conditions. Requires legislative and BLNR approval prior to the renewed adoption, amendment, and repeal of certain natural resource rule by formal action at a public meeting. Requires a report to the legislature no later than twenty days prior to the convening of the regular session of 2023. Effective 10/1/2021. (SD2)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The Interstate Wildlife Violator Compact.. Description: Authorizes the Department of Land and Natural Resources to enter into the Interstate Wildlife Violator Compact or similar agreement for mutual assistance in the enforcement of wildlife laws. (SD2)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The Taking Of Natural Resources.. Description: Clarifies that any conservation and resources enforcement officer of the Department of Land and Natural Resources may, in the performance of official duties, stop and temporarily detain any person who the officer reasonably believes is, or recently has been engaged in, hunting or fishing for a natural resource inspection. Establishes penalties. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To A Nonresident Recreational Marine Fishing License.. Description: Establishes a nonresident recreational marine fishing license requirement and fees to enable the department of land and natural resources to more effectively manage the marine fisheries resources of the State. Prohibits nonresidents, with certain exceptions, from fishing, taking, or catching marine life without a nonresident recreational marine fishing license. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Transportation.. Description: Repeals sections 264-19, 266-2.3, and 266-22, Hawaii Revised Statutes, for the purpose of deleting obsolete or unnecessary provisions. Grants voting rights to members of the board of directors of the Honolulu Authority for Rapid Transportation appointed by the president of the senate or speaker of the house of representatives. Takes effect 1/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Marine Life Conservation Districts.. Description: Establishes the marine life conservation district special fund for the collection and use of moneys for the management, protection, restoration, and enhancement of the State's marine life conservation districts and the resources contained within, and authorizes the department of land and natural resources to collect fees for the use of marine life conservation districts and the resources contained within, subject to certain conditions. Sunsets the marine life conservation district special fund in five years. Effective 1/1/2050. (HD2)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The Koke'e State Park Advisory Council.. Description: Repeals section 171-8.5, Hawaii Revised Statutes, establishing the Kokee State Park Advisory Council. (SD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Living Park Planning Councils.. Description: Repeals sections of Act 15, Special Session Laws of Hawaii 2009, that authorized the establishment of living park planning councils. Authorizes the Department of Land and Natural Resources to oversee development and implementation of a master plan for the Kahana community. (SD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The Aquatic Life And Wildlife Advisory Committees.. Description: Repeals the aquatic life and wildlife advisory committees and makes conforming amendments. (SD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The Hawaii Historic Places Review Board.. Description: Reduces the number of members on the Hawaii Historic Places Review Board.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The Uniform Controlled Substances Act.. Description: Updates the Uniform Controlled Substances Act, chapter 329, Hawaii Revised Statutes, to make it consistent with amendments in the federal controlled substances law as required by section 329-11, Hawaii Revised Statutes. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: A Bill For An Act Relating To Public Safety.. Description: Authorizes the department of public safety to maintain a list of independent civil process servers and amends several statutes to allow process servers to serve specific types of legal documents. (SD2)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Conformity To The Internal Revenue Code.. Description: Conforms Hawaii income and estate and generation-skipping transfer tax laws to the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended as of 12/31/2020. (SD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Transient Accommodations Tax.. Description: Amends chapter 237D, HRS, relating to the transient accommodations tax, to repeal the misdemeanor criminal penalty for failing to register under that chapter and replace it with a monetary fine structure; replace certain references to "operator" or "plan manager" with "person" or "taxpayer"; clarify that a certificate of registration is required for persons advertising transient accommodations; apply the personal liability provision under general excise tax law to the transient accommodations tax; and make various technical amendments. Effective 1/1/2022. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Motor Carrier Vehicle Safety Inspections.. Description: Expands the authority of the director of transportation over required motor carrier vehicle inspections. Authorizes the director of transportation to adopt administrative rules related to fees. Effective 1/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Commercial Driver's Licenses.. Description: Clarifies the validity period for a commercial learner's permit. Adds a requirement for certain commercial driver's license applicants to complete an entry-level driver training course before taking other required tests for licensure. (SD2)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Technology Transfer At The University Of Hawaii.. Description: Repeals the sunset provision in Act 38, Session Laws of Hawaii 2017, to make permanent certain provisions relating to technology transfer by the University of Hawaii. Effective 7/1/2060. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To University Of Hawaii Research.. Description: Makes the innovation and commercialization initiative program permanent by repealing the sunset provision in Act 39, Session Laws of Hawaii 2017. Effective July 1, 2060. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Procurement For The University Of Hawaii.. Description: Extends the sunset provision in Act 42, Session Laws of Hawaii 2018 for three years until June 30, 2024. Effective 7/1/2060. (SD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Hawaii Cancer Research Special Fund.. Description: Amends the reporting requirement on the Hawaii cancer research special fund from semi-annually to annually. Effective 7/1/2060. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The University Of Hawaii Board Of Regents Independent Audit Committee.. Description: Requires the independent audit committee chair of the University of Hawaii board of regents to be selected in a manner consistent with the board's bylaws. Limits the board of regent's flexibility to appoint members with certain skill sets to its independent audit committee. Clarifies the independent audit committee's role relating to enterprise risk management. Exempts the independent audit committee from chapter 91 and part I of chapter 92, HRS, in its discussions with auditors on matters that should remain confidential, in accordance with national best practices, and at the independent audit committee chair's discretion, allow the discussions to be held in the absence of the University of Hawaii president or chief financial officer. Effective 7/1/2060. (HD2)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The University Of Hawaii Tuition And Fees Special Fund.. Description: Repeals the requirement that each University of Hawaii campus prepare an operations plan, to be reviewed by the president and the vice president for budget and finance and the chief financial officer of the University of Hawaii, for each fiscal year. Repeals the requirement that the moneys in the University of Hawaii tuition and fees special fund for each University of Hawaii campus to lapse to the credit of Program ID No. UOH900 (University of Hawaii, system wide support). Effective 7/1/2060. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Emoluments.. Description: Beginning 11/1/2022, prohibits the lieutenant governor, while holding the office of the lieutenant governor, from maintaining any other employment, maintaining a controlling interest in a business, or receiving any emolument, beginning on the sixty-first calendar day after election or appointment to office.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Hawaii School For The Deaf And Blind.. Description: Requires the department of education to develop a plan to transition the Hawaii School for the Deaf and Blind to a conversion charter school. Requires a conversion charter school to enroll a student if the student's individualized education program prescribes that the charter school provides support for blind, deaf, or hard of hearing students. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Sidewalks.. Description: Requires the department of transportation and each county's transportation department to maintain a priority list of sidewalk installation and pedestrian improvement projects and to publish the priority list on their respective websites. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Veterinarians.. Description: Provides veterinarians who provide emergency care to an animal immunity from civil liability in the absence of gross negligence. Provides veterinarians who render emergency treatment when there is no veterinarian-client-patient relationship immunity from civil liability in the absence of gross negligence. Requires veterinarians to report events of animal injury, death, or abuse to law enforcement where there is reasonable cause to believe that it relates to dogfighting or animal abuse and gives veterinarians immunity for civil liability for making the reports. (SD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Cosmetics.. Description: Bans the import for profit, sale, and offer for sale of any cosmetic in the State if the final product or any component of the final product was developed or manufactured using animal testing performed on or after 1/1/2024. (SD2)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Child Passenger Restraints.. Description: Amends requirements for child passengers. Requires rear facing child safety seats for children less than two years of age. Requires the use of child safety seats or booster seats for certain children less than ten years of age. Raises certain fines for violations. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Carbon Offsets.. Description: Establishes procedures for the department of transportation, in consultation with the office of planning, to assist and enable a person to voluntarily purchase a verified carbon offset for carbon dioxide emissions resulting from the person's air travel to or from an airport in the State. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Parentage.. Description: Requires the department of health to convene a task force to recommend amendments to the Hawaii Revised Statutes to update existing parentage laws that reflect outdated, cisheteronormative concepts of families, parenthood, and parental rights. (SD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Litter Control.. Description: Prohibits the intentional release of balloons inflated with a gas that is lighter than air. Effective 1/1/2023. (SD2)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The University Of Hawaii Board Of Regents Candidate Advisory Council.. Description: Requires the board of regents of the University of Hawaii candidate advisory council to present candidates for the board regents who reflect the diverse student population, counties, and higher education-related stakeholders. Amends the various appointing authorities of members of the candidate advisory council. Amends the terms of members of the candidate advisory council. Effective 7/1/2060. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Computer Crime.. Description: Adds aggravated harassment by stalking to the list of offenses upon which the offense of use of a computer in the commission of a separate crime may be based. Provides the court with the discretion to require the forfeiture of property used in computer crimes if the perpetrator was a minor, regardless of whether the minor owned the property. (SD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The State Funds.. Description: Provides for the deposit into the emergency and budget reserve fund of moneys received by the State through a civil action in which the State is a party and no other law or court order specifically provides for the deposit elsewhere of moneys received through the action.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Campaign Spending.. Description: Requires any organization, association, party, or individual that is financially involved in the political process to file a financial disclosure with the campaign spending commission. Requires noncandidate committees to provide to the campaign spending commission a list of certain donors whose money was given by a 501(c)(4) organization to the noncandidate committee to fund an advertisement or electioneering communication. Effective 7/1/2112. (HD2)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Charitable Organizations.. Description: Clarifies that social welfare organizations granted tax exempt Requires social welfare organizations granted tax exempt status under 501(c)(4) of the Internal Revenue Code that donate or contribute to noncandidate committees, engage in electioneering communications, or provide an endorsement for or against a candidate to register with the campaign spending commission and file organizational and financial reports. Effective 7/1/2060. (HD2)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Hawaiian Homes Commission Act.. Description: Defines "beneficiary consultation". Prohibits the department of Hawaiian home lands from disposing or extending a general lease to non-beneficiaries unless there are no applicants seeking to enter into a general lease to the use and occupancy of a tract of Hawaiian home lands. Requires the department to notify beneficiaries through beneficiary consultation prior to the disposition of Hawaiian home lands. Adds language to require Section 204 lessees mandate Homestead Beneficiary Agreements. Prohibits the department from establishing additional criteria to enter into a general lease with an applicant, under certain conditions. Specifies that the department may grant a license or enter into a general lease, under certain conditions. Allocates the interest or other earnings from the Hawaiian home loan fund and Hawaiian home general loan fund into their respective funds, under certain conditions. Requires the department to submit a quarterly report to the legislature and beneficiaries. Authorizes the department to negotiate with homestead association governed water agencies to maintain water systems prior to other service providers, under certain conditions. Effective 1/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Hawaiian Homes Commission Act.. Description: Amends the Hawaiian Homes Commission Act to require appraisals of improvements to identify the replacement cost or the leasehold market value. Grants authority to DHHL, to authorize second position loans on homestead leases by approved lenders. Requires DHHL to develop and implement a loan servicing manual, subject to commission approval, to standardize loan loss mitigation policies, procedures, and methods. Clarifies that DHHL shall not cancel a lease solely based on a loan default or delinquency unless all loan loss mitigation procedures are exhausted pursuant to the loan services manual. Effective 1/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Public Employment Cost Items.. Description: Appropriates and authorizes funds for collective bargaining cost items for the members of bargaining unit (9) and their excluded counterparts, including the cost of salary adjustments and Hawaii employer-union health benefits trust fund costs negotiated between the State and the bargaining unit representative for fiscal biennium 2021-2023. Effective 12/25/2040. (SD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Public Employment Cost Items.. Description: Appropriates and authorizes funds for collective bargaining cost items for the members of bargaining unit (13) and their excluded counterparts, including the cost of salary adjustments and Hawaii employer-union health benefits trust fund costs negotiated between the State and the bargaining unit representative for fiscal biennium 2021-2023. Effective 12/25/2040. (SD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Public Employment Cost Items.. Description: Provides appropriations for collective bargaining cost items for the members of bargaining unit (14) and their excluded counterparts, including the cost of salary adjustments and Hawaii employer-union health benefits trust fund costs negotiated between the State and the bargaining unit representative for fiscal biennium 2021-2023. Effective 12/25/2040. (SD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Transit-oriented Development.. Description: Requires the Office of Planning to hire a contractor to, among other things, identify and assess alternative financing, project delivery, and cost recovery mechanisms to recapture the State's upfront investment in transit-oriented development infrastructure. Requires the contractor to consult with representatives of certain government entities. Requires the Office of Planning to report its findings to the Legislature. Authorizes the issuance of general obligation bonds. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The State Building Code Council.. Description: Requires the state building code council to make determinations on the financial impact, including the impact on amortized utility costs, of the adoption of a code or standard on single-family and multi-family homes and include the determinations in its annual reports to the governor. Effective 1/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Housing.. Description: Authorizes the issuance of general obligation bonds to be appropriated into and out of the rental housing revolving fund for construction of phase I of a senior affordable housing project on Hawaii public housing authority property on School street, on the island of Oahu. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Energy.. Description: Allocates three cents of the barrel tax to fund the installation of electric vehicle (EV) charging systems. Establishes a subaccount in the public utilities commission special fund for the EV charging system rebate program. Reallocates a portion of the environmental response, energy, and food security tax to be deposited into the subaccount. Appropriates funds out of the energy security special fund for the EV charging system rebate program. Authorizes each county to adopt ordinances to enforce section 291-71, Hawaii Revised Statutes, including the establishment of penalties for failure to comply with its requirements or make reasonable efforts to maintain EV charging systems in working order. Establishes penalties for parking any vehicle in a parking space equipped with an electric vehicle charging system while not actively charging. Requires new EV charging systems installed pursuant to the EV charging system requirement to be at least Level 2 and network-capable beginning 1/1/2022. Clarifies that certain enforcement officers may enter private property to enforce EV parking space violations. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The State Budget.. Description: Appropriates funds for capital improvement projects for fiscal biennium 20212023.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Land Use.. Description: Reorganizes and integrates the land use commission within a modified office of planning, which is renamed as the office of planning and sustainable development. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Taxation.. Description: Amends the motion picture, digital media, and film production income tax credit by: (1) Requiring the department of business, economic development, and tourism to publish on its website the names of the qualified productions and the amount of the tax credits certified per qualified production per filing year; (2) Changing the tax credit from a refundable tax credit to a nonrefundable tax credit; and (3) Extending the repeal date of the tax credit from 1/1/2026 to 1/1/2033. Reduces the cap amounts of the renewable energy technologies income tax credit. Retains the current cap amount for community-based renewable energy projects on commercial property. Amendments to the motion picture, digital media, and film production income tax credit apply to taxable years beginning after 12/31/2021. Amendments to the renewable energy technologies income tax credit apply to renewable energy technology systems installed and placed in service after 12/31/2021. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To A Job Corps Program.. Description: Allows the governor to designate the department of land and natural resources to administer or enter into agreements for the administration of a green job youth corps program that provides temporary work and training opportunities to help address the unemployment impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic and support economic diversification. Requires a report to the legislature. Appropriates American Rescue Plan Act funds. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Broadband Service Infrastructure.. Description: Establishes the broadband infrastructure grant program to award grants to applicants to extend deployment of infrastructure used to provide broadband service to unserved and underserved areas of the State. Renames the Hawaii technology loan revolving fund to the Hawaii broadband infrastructure special fund. Establishes the Hawaii broadband and digital equity office within the department of business, economic development, and tourism. Requires the governor to appoint a strategic broadband coordinator to head the Hawaii broadband and digital equity office. Appropriates funds from the moneys received pursuant to the American Rescue Plan Act of 2021. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Consumer Protection.. Description: Transitions from lump sum deferred deposit transactions to installment loan transactions. Specifies various consumer protection requirements for installment loans. Beginning 1/1/2022, requires licensure for installment lenders that offer installment loans to consumers. Repeals the statutory authorization for deferred deposit transactions on 1/1/2022. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Capital Improvement Projects For The State.. Description: Appropriates funds for capital improvement projects relating to the Iolani Palace, State Archives, and Bishop Museum. Effective 7/1/2065. (SD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Charter Schools.. Description: Requires members of the charter school commission to collectively possess strong experience and expertise in various fields. Allows the authorizer's staff to provide technical support up until the completed charter application is submitted. Clarifies charter application notice requirements. Clarifies authorizer compliance requirements in cases of an appeal. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD2)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The Judiciary.. Description: Clarifies that the effective period of a temporary restraining order, protective order, or injunction for a minor may extend to a reasonable date after the minor has reached the age of eighteen. (SD2)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Fireworks Infractions.. Description: Establishes an expeditious adjudication system for the processing of fireworks infractions. Appropriates funds. Effective 1/1/2050. (HD2)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Fireworks.. Description: Specifies that certain violations of the Fireworks Control Law shall be considered an activity that causes air pollution under the Hawaii Air Pollution Control Act and a violation of noise control rules under the Hawaii noise pollution laws, and punishable by civil penalties and subject to citations under those respective laws. Effective 1/1/2050. (HD2)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Employment Practices.. Description: Prohibits employers, with certain exemptions, from requiring employees and prospective employees to download to their personal communication device, a mobile application that enables the employee's location to be tracked or the employee's personal information to be revealed, as a condition of employment or continued employment. Prohibits employers from terminating, discharging, or otherwise discriminating against an employee for refusing to download or refusing to consent to download the mobile application to the employee's personal communication device; or opposing any practice forbidden by this Act or filing a complaint, testifying, or assisting in any proceeding concerning an unlawful practice prohibited under this Act. Allows a person who alleges a violation of this Act to bring a civil action for injunctive relief, actual damages, or both. Sets fines. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Ignition Interlock Devices.. Description: Establishes a system of graduated penalties for violations of the ignition interlock law. Requires proof of compliance with the ignition interlock law to be eligible to apply for a driver's license. Effective 1/1/2022. (SD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Agribusiness Development Corporation.. Description: Dissolves the agribusiness development corporation and transfers all lands and staff, except for the executive director, to the department of agriculture.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Tax Credits.. Description: Requires the Department of Business, Economic Development, and Tourism to make a public disclosure identifying the names of the taxpayers who are receiving certain tax credits and the total amount of tax credit received for specific economic activities. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To State Finances.. Description: Appropriates funds for statewide collective bargaining costs. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To State Parks.. Description: Allows the board of land and natural resources to adopt, amend, or repeal administrative fee schedules for certain activities related to state parks through regular or special board meetings rather than through administrative rulemaking. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Employment Security.. Description: Amends the definitions of benefit year and week. Conforms the manner of filing claims for partial benefits to the same as for total or part-total benefits. Provides relief for certain reimbursable employers. Requires the director of labor and industrial relations to omit benefits charged for experience rating for employers due to the event of COVID-19 in calendar years 2021 and 2022. For calendar years 2021 and 2022, sets the employer contribution rate at schedule D. Makes amendments to contribution rate schedule and procedure for determination retroactive to 1/1/2021. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Natural Energy Laboratory Of Hawaii Authority.. Description: Transfers to the natural energy laboratory of Hawaii authority operational authority over the makai research pier located at the southeast corner of Oahu. Authorizes the director of finance to issue general obligation bonds for the natural energy laboratory of Hawaii authority to repair and upgrade the makai research pier. (SD2)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Emergency Medical Services.. Description: Establishes a three-year transfer of certain duties, functions, and powers relating to emergency medical services for the city and county of Honolulu from the department of health to the city and county of Honolulu. Begins transition on 7/1/2021. Appropriates moneys in the emergency medical services special fund to the city and county of Honolulu for fiscal years 20212022 and 2022-2023. Appropriates moneys from funds received by the State from the American Rescue Plan Act, Public Law 117-2 (Section 9901), to the department of health for fiscal years 20212022 and 20222023 for the emergency medical services and injury prevention system. Phases out funding from general revenues for emergency medical services in the city and county of Honolulu before 7/1/2024. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Transition Of The Oahu Regional Health Care System From The Hawaii Health Systems Corporation Into The Department Of Health.. Description: Commences the transfer of the Oahu regional health care system in its entirety from the Hawaii health systems corporation to the department of health, beginning with the transfer of the Oahu regional health care system's budget into the department of health. Enables the Oahu regional health care system, department of health, Hawaii health systems corporation, and other state agencies to manage and implement the processes required to effectuate the completion of the transition. Authorizes the department of health to conduct long-term care and substance abuse treatment at Leahi hospital and Maluhia and to pay rent for the use of the Leahi hospital property. Requires the department of health to consult with the university of Hawaii regarding programs at Leahi hospital and Maluhia. Clarifies the rights, powers, and exemptions of the Oahu regional system board during the transition period of the Oahu regional health care system into the department of health and the rights and powers of the department of health after the transition is completed. Appropriates monies from the mental health and substance abuse special fund. Authorizes the issuance of general obligation bonds. Part II effective 7/1/2023. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Health.. Description: Permits the employers of first responder personnel to obtain dementia training for first responder personnel. Permits the executive office on aging to coordinate the dementia training schedules and standards with all public and private entities and agencies responsible for services provided by first responder personnel. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Travel.. Description: Exempts any person from the post-arrival mandatory selfquarantine if the person receives a negative test result prior to arrival. Allows the governor to establish statewide conditions for exemption. Requires certain COVID-19 tests for travelers who do not have a test result upon arrival to avoid mandatory self-quarantine. Requires any person who does not obtain a negative test result for COVID-19 pre-arrival to be responsible for all costs associated with that person's mandatory self-quarantine. Prohibits the suspension of this Act except by legislative approval via a concurrent resolution. Repeals on 12/31/2021. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD2)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Scholarships.. Description: Allows applicants to the University of Hawaii who earned a high school diploma from a public high school in the State with a cumulative grade point average of 3.0 and also provides evidence that they qualified for and received special education services for two or more years during enrollment in grades seven through twelve to be eligible for the Hawaii state scholars program. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Education.. Description: The purpose of this Act is to require transfer of nonfacility general fund per-pupil allocations of special education students of a department of education school to a charter school upon receipt of the completed intent to enroll form of the student at the charter school subject to certain conditions, including parent or guardian confirmation and notice of intent of the student's transfer to and enrollment in the charter school.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To State Funds.. Description: Transfers to the general fund the excess balances of various non-general funds from various state departments and agencies. Requires each department to annually submit to the Legislature program measures, costs elements, and accounting reports for all non-general funds under its control. Effective 6/30/2021. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Non-general Funds.. Description: Repeals various non-general funds of the Department of Agriculture; Department of Accounting and General Services; Department of Business, Economic Development, and Tourism; Department of Education; Department of Health; Department of Labor and Industrial Relations; Department of Land and Natural Resources; Department of Human Services; Department of Public Safety; Department of Commerce and Consumer Affairs; University of Hawaii; Department of the Attorney General; and Department of Transportation. Implements recommendations of the auditor. Transfers most unencumbered balances to the credit of the general fund. (AD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Affordable Housing.. Description: Removes the construction completion deadline for the Leialii affordable housing project. Specifies that the developer of the Keawe street apartments affordable housing project shall only be responsible for all associated costs of the archaeological inventory survey for the footprint of the project and not for the cost of the archaeological inventory survey for the entire Villages of Leialii master planned community. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Sustainability.. Description: Establishes the Environmental Advisory Council. Transfers the rights, powers, employees, appropriations, and other personal property from the Office of Environmental Quality Control to the Office of Planning. Transfers all rules adopted or developed by the Department of Health, Office of Environmental Quality Control, or Environmental Council to the Office of Planning. Amends the ability for an applicant to appeal nonacceptance of an environmental impact statement from the Environmental Council to the Environmental Court. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Transportation.. Description: Requires the posting of depth gauge signs, in a manner consistent with the Federal Highway Administration's Manual on Uniform Traffic Control Devices, on any portion of a public highway that lies within a special flood hazard area and is prone to flooding. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Trauma-informed Care.. Description: Establishes a trauma-informed care task force within the Department of Health to make recommendations of trauma-informed care in the State. (SD2)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Commercial Property Rent Relief.. Description: Establishes a commercial rent relief grant program to be administered by the Department of Business, Economic Development, and Tourism. Requires that the commercial rent relief grants be given priority for moneys received through federal funding. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Domestic Violence.. Description: Allows a narrow hearsay exception for statements made by domestic violence victims during the course of the first interaction with the responding law enforcement officers and before the arrest of the defendant, as long as the statement bears sufficient indicia of reliability. (SD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Energy.. Description: Requires the Hawaii natural energy institute, in consultation with the department of health, to conduct a comprehensive study to determine best practices for disposal, recycling, or secondary use of clean energy products in the State. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Impeachment.. Description: Establishes requirements for institution of and causes for impeachment of the governor or lieutenant governor.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The Stadium Development District.. Description: Establishes the stadium development special fund. Provides for the abolishment of the stadium special fund. Revises the general development guidance policies for the stadium development district and clarifies the respective roles of the stadium authority and Hawaii community development authority in the development of the stadium development district. Broadens the powers and duties of the stadium authority, including authorizing the stadium authority to acquire and hold title to real property. Exempts land to which the stadium authority holds title from the definition of "public lands." Authorizes the stadium authority, with approval from the governor, to delegate to other state agencies implementation of capital improvement projects, including the transfer of funds, under certain conditions. Adds two members to the stadium authority. Amends the general bond authorization made by Act 268, Session Laws of Hawaii 2019. Makes the financial disclosures of members of the stadium authority public records. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Conservation Mitigation Banks.. Description: Authorizes the department of land and natural resources to establish and operate conservation mitigation banks to restore, create, enhance, or preserve conservation habitats or resources as compensatory mitigation. Clarifies the sale of credits involved in conservation mitigation banking. Defines "conservation mitigation bank". Authorizes the department to contract a third-party administrator for the operation of the mitigation banks. Effective 1/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Surplus Military Land.. Description: Requires the Office of Planning to submit a report to the Legislature containing: (1) an inventory of lands within the State that are leased to or controlled by the federal government; (2) any known contaminants or environmental hazards associated with the inventoried lands based on past environmental studies; (3) input from executive branch departments and agencies and the Office of Hawaiian Affairs on proposed alternative uses for the lands that would be consistent with the departments and agencies' missions if the lands are returned to the State; and (4) its findings and recommendations, including proposed legislation, based on this information. Requires the Department of Land and Natural Resources and the Department of Health to submit reports to the Office of Planning. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Early Learning.. Description: Establishes an early childhood educator stipend program to be administered by the executive office on early learning to address the shortage of qualified early childhood educators in Hawaii. Requires stipend fund repayments for the early childhood educator stipend program to be deposited into the early learning special fund. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Access To Learning.. Description: Authorizes the department of education to directly accept private funding for the purpose of establishing public prekindergarten programs under certain circumstances. Establishes the Hawaii early childhood educator stipend program to address shortage of early childhood education educators. Establishes the Hawaii early childhood educator special fund. Extends certain effective dates for implementation of Act 46, SLH 2020. Requires the application of a uniform assessment for public and charter school kindergarten students. Allows educational data to be shared using an existing system. Appropriates funds. Repeals and abolishes the Hawaii early childhood educator special fund on 6/30/2023. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Firearms.. Description: Amends the class C felony offense of manufacturing, purchasing, or obtaining firearm parts to assemble a firearm having no serial number to also prohibit possession of those firearm parts. Amends Act 74, Session Laws of Hawaii 2020, to repeal language that specified the prospective application of that Act. Effective 1/1/2022. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The Landlord-tenant Code.. Description: Extends the required period for a notice of termination of the rental agreement from five days to fifteen days. Requires landlords to provide notice with specified terms and enter into mediation. Delays when a landlord may seek possession of a dwelling unit if the tenant schedules or attempts to schedule mediation. Requires landlords to provide the notice of termination of the rental agreement to a mediation center that offers free mediation for residential landlord-tenant disputes. Restricts when a landlord may exercise these remedies depending on the amount of rent due. Appropriates funds. Repeals certain provisions one year after expiration of the governor's final eviction moratorium emergency supplementary proclamation related to the coronavirus disease 2019 pandemic or 12/31/2022, whichever is sooner. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii enrolled a bill titled: Relating To Citations.. Description: Creates an electronic citation program under the judiciary and establishes a temporary electronic citation surcharge. Effective 1/1/2022. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Taxation.. Description: Eliminates the home mortgage interest deduction for second homes under Hawaii income tax law. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Housing.. Description: Establishes the ALOHA homes program to develop low-cost homes on state-owned and county-owned land in urban redevelopment sites to be sold in leasehold by the Hawaii housing finance and development corporation (HHFDC) to qualified residents. Exempts certain land from the definition of public lands. Requires HHFDC to gain legislative approval before disposing of certain lands. Provides for the disposition of lands acquired by HHFDC but no longer needed for the ALOHA homes program. Appropriates moneys. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Public Lands.. Description: Clarifies that lands set aside by the governor to the Hawaii housing finance and development corporation or leased to the corporation by other state departments or agencies are exempt from the definition of "public lands". Clarifies that lands set aside by the governor or leased to the Hawaii housing finance development corporation from other state departments or agencies are subject to legislative approval prior to the sale or gift of those lands. Requires the corporation to return any land leased to the corporation by other state departments or agencies if the land is no longer needed for housing, finance, or development. Requires the Hawaii housing finance and development corporation to give preference to individuals on the department of Hawaiian home lands waiting list regarding government or crown lands set aside or leased to the corporation prior to the corporation developing or financing an affordable housing development on those lands. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD2)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Inclusionary Zoning.. Description: Prohibits any law, ordinance, or rule from imposing an inclusionary zoning requirement on housing offered exclusively for sale in perpetuity to buyers who are residents of the State, are owner-occupants, and do not own any other real property. Requires each county to submit a report on inclusionary zoning requirements to the legislature every year until the regular session of 2026. Takes effect 5/6/2137. (SD2)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Hawaii Housing Finance And Development Corporation.. Description: Authorizes the Hawaii housing finance and development corporation the right of first refusal for the development of property for all development on state lands, excluding Hawaii public housing authority, department of Hawaiian home lands, and department of land and natural resources lands and properties, that are within a one-half mile radius of a rail transit station. Triggers the right of first refusal upon a transfer of any property interest, including a leasehold interest, of state lands that are within a one-half mile radius of a rail transit station. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Housing Objectives.. Description: Requires the Hawaii public housing authority and the Hawaii housing finance and development corporation to accomplish certain housing objectives. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Motor Vehicle Rental Industry.. Description: Repeals vehicle license recovery fees. Takes effect 1/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Medical Care For Minors.. Description: Permits minors to consent to medical care related to the diagnosis or treatment of HIV or the prevention of HIV. Provides that a minor, under certain circumstances, shall not be liable for payment for treatment or prevention of HIV. Authorizes physician assistants, in addition to physicians and advanced practice registered nurses, to render medical care and services to minors. Effective 5/6/2137. (SD2)
In 2021, Hawaii enrolled a bill titled: Proposing An Amendment To Article Ix, Section 6, Of The Hawaii State Constitution, To Require The State And Its Political Subdivisions To Plan To Produce Enough Housing To Meet Demand In Their Management Of Population Growth.. Description: Amends the constitution to require the State to plan for the production of enough housing to meet demand in its management of population growth. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Infrastructure.. Description: Requires public utilities to consider the disruption to transportation as a criterion in planning ongoing and future maintenance and new installation. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Residential Landlord-tenant Code.. Description: Prohibits landlords from recovering possession of a dwelling unit from tenants if habitability of the premises is significantly impaired. Sets a tenant's liability for rent if habitability of the premises is significantly impaired. Provides remedies for retaliatory evictions. Effective 7/1/2124. (SD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Rental Discrimination.. Description: Prohibits discrimination, including in advertisements for rental property, in rental transactions based on participation in a section 8 housing choice program or any permanent supportive housing program or requirements related to participation in these housing assistance programs. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Housing.. Description: Clarifies that the eligibility for the general excise tax exemption includes the nonreceipt of financing from the Hawaii Finance and Development Corporation. Allows certain affordable rental housing projects to receive a waiver of various development fees from a county. Removes the limit on the type of costs eligible for exemption from the general excise tax for development of affordable rental housing certified by the Hawaii Housing Finance and Development Corporation. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Housing.. Description: Exempts from income restrictions for-sale housing projects that are built for qualified residents, who will be owner-occupants in perpetuity, and who own no other property. Effective 5/6/2137. (SD2)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Revenue Generation.. Description: Increases the personal income tax rate for high earners for taxable years beginning after 12/31/2020. Increases the tax on capital gains. Increases the corporate income tax and establishes a single corporate income tax rate. From 7/1/2021 through 6/30/2023, temporarily repeals certain general excise tax exemptions. Increases conveyance taxes for the sale of properties valued at $4,000,000 or greater. (SD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Vehicle Inspections.. Description: Codifies certain certification, renewal, and violation processes of vehicle inspectors who conduct vehicle safety inspections under the department of transportation. Makes inoperable the requirement for reconstructed vehicles to obtain a special inspection and certification from 1/1/2022 through 7/31/2025. Requires the department of transportation to submit a report on the effects of the repeal no later than twenty days prior to the convening of the regular session of 2025. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Special Number Plates.. Description: Authorizes the issuance of special number motor vehicle license plates to commemorate the Polynesian Voyaging Society. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Intoxicating Liquor.. Description: Allows direct shipment of beer and distilled spirits by certain licensees. Requires the county liquor commissions to adopt rules and regulations. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Education.. Description: Requires that the board of education prioritize for the superintendent of education position candidates that have minimum of ten years of employment in the department of education, with at least five of those years serving in the capacity as a teacher, principal, or higher. Establishes a working understanding of the State's tri-level systems of educational administration as a desired qualification for candidates for the superintendent of education position. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Government Operation And Policy.. Description: Requires each new member of a board or commission to participate in an orientation and training session with the head of the department with jurisdiction of that member's board or commission or their designee. Requires each department and agency to train their members at least once per calendar year. Effective 7/1/2112. (HD2)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Government.. Description: Designates November 28 of each year as La Kuokoa, Hawaiian Recognition Day, not constituting a state holiday, to celebrate the historical recognition of independence of the kingdom of Hawaii. (SD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Hawaiian Affairs.. Description: Requires the Department of Health to issue medical cannabis dispensary licenses to the Department of Hawaiian Home Lands, allowing for increased revenue for beneficiaries. Requires the Department of Hawaiian Home Lands to study the feasibility and revenue to be generated by medical cannabis dispensaries, limited gaming, and other potential revenue-generating options on Hawaiian home lands. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD3)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Transportation.. Description: Makes flying or facilitating flying without a pilot license a misdemeanor. Defines pilot license. Takes effect 1/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Water Pollution.. Description: Beginning January 1, 2023, bans the sale, offer for sale, or distribution in the State of any sunscreen that contains avobenzone or octocrylene, or both, without a prescription issued by a licensed healthcare provider. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Emergency Powers.. Description: Prohibits the governor or the mayor from suspending requests for public records or vital statistics during a declared state of emergency. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Telecommunication.. Description: Requires the office of enterprise technology services to establish a working group to conduct a study to identify state office buildings that can provide equitable telecommunication access to allow residents of the counties of Hawaii, Kauai, and Maui, and rural areas of the city and county of Honolulu, including residents with disabilities, to participate remotely in legislative hearings. Requires a report to the legislature. Dissolves the working group on 6/30/2022. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The School Facilities Agency.. Description: Requires the department of education school facilities agency to adopt and publish administrative rules necessary to implement Act 72, Session Laws of Hawaii 2020, by July 1, 2021. Requires the office of the governor to provide a report to the legislature regarding the process by which the department of education purchases land and executes capital improvement project contracts through the school facilities agency. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Land Use.. Description: Authorizes county land use decisionmaking authorities to amend district boundaries involving certain land areas greater than fifteen acres, but not more than twenty-five acres, if the land areas are proposed for reclassification to the urban district, contiguous to an urban district, and at least sixty per cent of the land areas will be dedicated for the development of affordable housing. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The State Building Code Council.. Description: Transfers the State Building Code Council from the Department of Accounting and General Services to the Hawaii State Energy Office. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Housing Development.. Description: Exempts from school impact fee requirements, certain affordable housing units, additions to existing dwelling units, accessory dwelling units, ohana dwelling units, affordable housing units in projects or property developed by the Hawaii public housing authority, and affordable housing units in projects assisted by the Hawaii housing finance and development corporation. Effective 12/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To A School Supply Subsidy Pilot Program.. Description: Establishes and makes an appropriation for a one-year school supply subsidy pilot program at Naalehu elementary school. Appropriates funds. Takes effect 7/1/2051. Sunsets 1/1/2023. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Taxation.. Description: Requires landlords, lessors, or plaintiffs in a summary possession action based on nonpayment of monetary rent to submit a general excise tax license in good standing as a condition to the issuance of a writ of possession. Effective 5/6/2137. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The Statewide Traffic Code.. Description: Replaces the term "accident" with "collision" for purposes of certain provisions of the statewide traffic code. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Licensing.. Description: Authorizes the issuance of a civil license to solemnize marriage and allows solemnization by any individual at least eighteen years of age. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Voting.. Description: Makes an application for voter registration part of all state identification card and driver's license applications. Requires qualified applicants to choose to be registered to vote. Requires updating of names and addresses of qualified applicants who are already registered to vote unless the applicant declines. Requires the sharing of certain information among the counties, department of transportation, election personnel, and online voter registration system. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Landlord-tenant Code.. Description: Specifies that the amount of damages recoverable by a tenant subjected to an unlawful retaliatory eviction is equal to two months' rent. (SD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Childhood Sexual Abuse.. Description: Amends statutory limitations on the time period in which a survivor of childhood sexual abuse may file a civil suit. Allows punitive damages. Permits the court to order restorative justice measures at its discretion, if requested by the victim. (SD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The State Plan.. Description: Establishes green infrastructure objectives, policies, and priority guidelines for state facility systems, infrastructure, and transit projects in the Hawaii State Planning Act to improve the quality of life for residents and visitors. Adds definition of "green infrastructure". Requires the office of planning, in partnership with greenhouse gas sequestration task force, to submit a report to the legislature making recommendations for implementing the green infrastructure objectives, policies, and priority guidelines. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD2)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Grants.. Description: Allows an organization to qualify for grants under chapter 42F, Hawaii Revised Statutes, if the organization is incorporated under the laws of the State or spends at least ninety per cent of its operating budget in the State and is registered with the department of commerce and consumer affairs and in possession of a valid certificate of vendor compliance issued by the State. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Public Lands.. Description: Provides that each industrial park lease shall include a rent escalation clause that specifies that increases in rental rates for a 5-year period shall not exceed the lower of the percentage specified in the Consumer Price Index or 10%. Authorizes the Board of Land and Natural Resources to sell parcels of Sand Island Industrial Park to a lessee under a master lease. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Driving On Beaches.. Description: Establishes a two-year beach protection pilot program under which no vehicles are authorized to drive on the beach in Polihale state park without a permit. Requires a report to the legislature. Effective 5/6/2137. Repeals on 6/30/2023. (SD2)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Irrigation.. Description: Transfers operational authority over portions of the east Kauai irrigation system operated and maintained by the east Kauai water users' cooperative before 12/15/20 to the Department of Agriculture. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Deposit Beverage Containers.. Description: Requires the department of health to implement the auditor's recommendations for the deposit beverage container program, including developing a risk-based selection process to select reports submitted by distributors and redemption centers for audit. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Restrictions On Agricultural Uses And Activities.. Description: Disallows the enforcement of a re-recorded homeowners' association restriction if the restriction prohibits bona fide agricultural uses and activities on agricultural land. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Dog Bites.. Description: Removes the requirement to prove that a dog has bitten a person on at least two separate occasions prior to bringing legal action against a dog's owner to determine whether conditions of treatment or confinement have changed so as to remove the danger the dog poses to other persons. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Condominiums.. Description: Specifies a procedure for condominium associations to incorporate power of sale language into their governing documents. Clarifies that liens may be foreclosed upon if the power of sale language is contained within an association's governing documents or within some other agreement with the owner of the unit subject to foreclosure. Effective 1/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Public Assistance.. Description: Allows the Department of Human Services to administer and provide public assistance to eligible residents of the State during a governor-declared state of emergency. Effective 7/1/2060. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Equitable Gender Representation On Corporate Boards.. Description: Requires publicly held domestic corporations to have a gender-diverse board of directors. Establishes reporting requirements for the Department of Commerce and Consumer Affairs and penalties. (SD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Assisted Community Treatment.. Description: Mandates appointment of a guardian ad litem to represent the best interest of a mentally ill individual in assistant community treatment proceedings. Eliminates the need for the office of the public defender to participate in the proceedings. Effective 5/1/2029. (SD2)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Elections.. Description: Clarifies that candidates or other committee representatives as specified who make contributions over a certain amount before an election are required to file a late contribution report only if the candidate is on the ballot in that election. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Hawaiian As An Official Language Of The State Of Hawaii.. Description: Requires that the Hawaiian version of a law be held binding if the law in question was originally drafted in Hawaiian and then translated into English. (SD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Crimes On Agricultural Lands.. Description: Imposes extended terms of imprisonment for certain offenses against property rights committed when on agricultural land. Appropriates funds to the department of the attorney general to establish a statewide agricultural theft task force. Effective 5/6/2137. (HD2)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Service-learning.. Description: Requires the Department of Education to implement a service-learning curriculum to develop student character, values, self-esteem, civic responsibility, financial literacy, and knowledge of local community issues and concerns though community service volunteer work. (SD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Homelessness.. Description: Requires the governor's coordinator on homelessness, in conjunction with the Hawaii interagency council on homelessness, to develop plans for the city and county of Honolulu and the counties of Hawaii, Kauai, and Maui to coordinate the services and shelter facilities of public agencies and nonprofit organizations to meet the concerns of communities impacted by homelessness and the needs of the homeless population within each county. Requires the county plans to contain specific strategies to address unmet needs in each county. Requires annual reports to the legislature on the status of the county plans. Effective 7/1/2060. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The Department Of Accounting And General Services.. Description: Beginning 7/1/2022, requires the comptroller's annual report to the governor and legislature to include a list of all accounts that were closed by the comptroller during the immediately preceding fiscal year, and a list of accounts that remain open but that are serving a lapsed program or initiative. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Education.. Description: Gives a preference to students who live within the service area of a school or who enrolled in the school the previous school year who apply for participation in a career and technical education program offered by that school. Establishes enrollment in a career and technical education program as a new exception to the requirement to attend school within the service area in which a student resides. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Infrastructure Improvement Districts.. Description: Specifies that the cost of regional infrastructure improvements made by the Hawaii housing finance and development corporation may be assessed against transit-oriented development projects specially benefiting from the improvements, as determined by the corporation. Requires the Hawaii interagency council for transit-oriented development to review and make recommendations on applications for subaccount funds for infrastructure projects related to transit-oriented development. Exempts the stadium development district from the assessments made under this measure. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Land Exchange.. Description: Allows the governor to negotiate land exchanges to acquire lands suitable for long-term diversified agricultural production in return for state lands to be developed for affordable, workforce, and other housing. Requires legislative approval for the land exchanges. Report to the Legislature. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Office Of The Auditor.. Description: Requires departments to submit their annual reports concerning their non-general fund accounts to the Auditor in addition to the Legislature. Requires departments to include the status of implementing any recommendations made by the Auditor, and if no action has been taken, to detail the reasons why any recommendation has not been implemented in their annual reports submitted regarding their non-general fund accounts. Requires the Auditor to include, in its annual report to the Legislature on special, revolving, and trust funds, identification of any unimplemented fund recommendations made in an earlier auditor's report. (SD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Littering.. Description: Increases the maximum civil penalty for littering from $500 to $1,000. Increases the maximum fine for the offense of criminal littering from $1,000 to $5,000.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Office Of Hawaiian Affairs.. Description: Includes candidates for the board of trustees of the office of Hawaiian affairs to receive a maximum in public funds up to fifteen percent of the expenditure limit for each election. Amends ballot requirements to display candidates for the office of Hawaiian affairs board of trustees, by residency and nonresidency requirements and to randomize the order of candidate names within those groupings. Effective 7/1/3021. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Medical Cannabis.. Description: Authorizes qualifying patients and qualifying out-of-state patients to transport cannabis between islands of the State for personal medical use. Effective 5/6/2137. (SD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Education.. Description: Requires that public and charter schools offer education in computer science. Requires annual reports. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Renewable Energy.. Description: Requires the Hawaii state energy office to develop a strategic plan that identifies strategies to achieve a resilient, clean energy, decarbonized economy as quickly as practicable and to submit the strategic plan to the legislature no later than twenty days prior to the convening of the Regular Session of 2023. Requires the Hawaii natural energy institute to conduct a feasibility study of the strategic plan and to submit its findings and recommendations to the legislature no later than twenty days prior to the convening of the regular sessions of 2023, 2028, 2033, 2043, and 2048. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD2)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Food Donation.. Description: Expands liability protection for donors to include donations of food and similar donations made to needy persons by organizations. Authorizes the donation of expired food when the donor reasonably believes in good faith that the food remains fit for human consumption. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Education.. Description: Requires the department of education's existing Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) working group to create a state plan to make completion of the FAFSA or an opt-out waiver a statewide graduation requirement by the 2023-2024 school year. Requires a report to the 2022 legislature. Effective 7/1/2051. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Government.. Description: Establishes a state government realignment commission to periodically review the state executive branch's departments, divisions, and agencies, including functions and services, and submit its findings and recommendations to the legislature. Appropriates American Rescue Plan Act funds for various broadband infrastructure installation and updates throughout the State and requires an annual report regarding these projects. Effective 7/1/2112. (HD2)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Transportation Network Companies.. Description: Establishes requirements and permitting procedures for transportation network companies operating in the State. Makes permanent insurance requirements for transportation network companies and transportation network drivers. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Commercial Marine Licenses.. Description: Authorizes the department of land and natural resources to establish rules and fees for the issuance of a commercial marine vessel license. Provides that a single valid commercial marine vessel license satisfies the licensure requirement for all persons aboard the licensed vessel. Requires any person who provides fishing charter services to obtain a commercial marine license. Allows marine charter fishing vessels to obtain commercial marine vessel licenses. Requires the department of land and natural resources to submit a report to the legislature regarding the status of its administrative rules establishing a new commercial marine vessel license category. (SD2)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Special Purpose Revenue Bonds To Assist Keahole Hotel & Suites Llc.. Description: Authorizes the issuance of special purpose revenue bonds to assist Keahole Hotel & Suites LLC with planning, designing, constructing, and equipping facilities for a hotel at the Ellison Onizuka Kona International Airport at Keahole. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Lease Extensions On Public Land.. Description: Requires the board of land and natural resources to establish a public lands lease extension pilot project to extend certain leases of public lands for commercial, industrial, resort, mixed-use, or government use upon approval of a proposed development agreement to make substantial improvements to the existing improvements. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Economic Development.. Description: Transfers oversight of the "Hawaii Made" program for manufactured products and the "Hawaii Made" trademark to the department of business, economic development, and tourism. Outlines the department of business, economic development, and tourism's duties and responsibilities for oversight of the "Hawaii Made" program for manufactured products. Appropriates federal funds to the department of business, economic development, and tourism. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Coronavirus 2019 Pandemic.. Description: Appropriates moneys. Exempts any person from the post-arrival mandatory selfquarantine if the person receives a negative test result prior to arrival. Allows the governor to establish statewide conditions for exemption. Requires certain COVID-19 tests for travelers who do not have a test result upon arrival to avoid mandatory self-quarantine. Requires any person who does not obtain a negative test result for COVID-19 pre-arrival to be responsible for all costs associated with that person's mandatory self-quarantine. Prohibits the suspension of the quarantine requirements except by legislative approval via a concurrent resolution. Repeals quarantine requirements on 12/31/2021. Requires that should any project or program related to COVID-19 response efforts paid for by state funds later become eligible for federal reimbursement, those federal funds shall be deposited into the general fund. Lapses funds from the major disaster fund to the general fund on 7/1/2021. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Education.. Description: Appropriates elementary and secondary school emergency relief fund (ESSER funds) moneys received by the State from the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act, 2020, Public Law 116-136, and the Coronavirus Response and Relief Supplemental Appropriations Act, 2021, Public Law 116-260, to offset any budget reductions that are identified or proposed by the department of education and the governor that would result in the reduction of personnel who are subject to a collective bargaining agreement pursuant to chapter 89, Hawaii Revised statutes, and who are employed at the school level, including any budget reduction that would result in a layoff, furlough, or pay reduction. Requires the board of education and superintendent of education to certify in writing that the board of education, superintendent, and department of education agree to the conditions established by this measure, including that the funds appropriated shall be used only for salaries and wages of officers and employees who are subject to a collective bargaining agreement and are employed at the school level. Provides that moneys from the appropriation shall lapse at the end of the fiscal biennium. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Marriage Of Minors.. Description: Requires that in the event that one of the respective parties to a marriage contract is a minor and the other party is more than five years older than the minor, the child protective services unit of the department of human services shall investigate and report to the family court of the circuit in which the minor resides before the marriage is approved. Takes effect 5/6/2137. (SD2)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Fair Housing Reasonable Accommodations.. Description: Codifies the administrative rule definition of "assistance animal". Clarifies the type of verification an individual may provide to substantiate a reasonable accommodation request for a specific assistance animal. Specifies that possession of a vest or other distinguishing animal garment, tag, or registration document commonly purchased online and purporting to identify an animal as a service animal or assistance animal does not constitute valid verification of a disability-related need for an assistance animal. Effective 7/1/2060. (HD2)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Vision Zero.. Description: Requires the department of transportation and the counties to implement a vision zero program in Hawaii by 7/1/2022. Establishes a goal of no traffic fatalities or serious injuries by 2045. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Property Forfeiture.. Description: Restricts civil asset forfeiture to cases involving the commission of a felony offense where the property owner has been convicted of the underlying felony offense, subject to certain circumstances. Directs any forfeiture proceeds to the general fund. Amends the allowable expenses for moneys in the criminal forfeiture fund. Amends the requirements for the attorney general to adopt rules and report on the Hawaii omnibus criminal forfeiture act. Effective 7/1/3021. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Firearms.. Description: Expands the ban on pistols with a detachable magazine with over ten round capacity to any firearm with a detachable magazine with over ten round capacity. (SD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Tax Credits.. Description: Increases the credit amount and the income eligibility cap thresholds for the income tax credit for low-income household renters by using tax brackets. Provides for inflation increases every three years based on the consumer price index. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Carbon Offsets.. Description: Establishes procedures for the department of transportation to assist and enable a person to voluntarily purchase a verified carbon offset for carbon dioxide emissions resulting from the person's air travel to or from an airport in the State. Effective 1/1/2051. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Firearms.. Description: Includes any firearm or rifle with the capacity to fire ammunition of fifty caliber or higher except shotguns and muzzle-loading firearms in the list of prohibited weapons. Takes effect 5/6/2137. (SD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Privacy.. Description: Adds the intentional creation, disclosure, or threat of disclosure of certain types of deep fake images or videos to the offense of violation of privacy in the first degree, subject to specified exemptions. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The State Of Hawaii Museum Of Natural And Cultural History.. Description: Appropriates moneys for the State of Hawaii Museum of Natural and Cultural History from the funds received by the State from the American Rescue Plan Act of 2021, Public Law 117-2. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Tax Return Preparers.. Description: Requires each tax return preparer to have a valid preparer tax identification number issued by the Internal Revenue Service and to furnish the preparer's tax identification number on any return or claim for refund prepared for compensation if required by DOTAX. Establishes penalties for failure to comply with the preparer tax identification number requirements. Effective 1/1/2022. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Increasing The Payment Amount For The Office Of Hawaiian Affairs' Pro Rata Share Of The Public Land Trust.. Description: Requires agencies that collect receipts for any disposition of the public land trust shall each fiscal quarter transfer to the Office of Hawaiian Affairs twenty per cent of each receipt from the disposition. Returns to the Office of Hawaiian Affairs certain moneys previously claimed as public land trust overpayments to the office. Establishes a public land trust revenues negotiating committee exempted from part I of chapter 92, Hawaii Revised Statutes. Takes effect 5/6/2137. (SD2)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The Practice Of Medicine.. Description: Clarifies the definition of the practice of medicine to provide uniformity of practice for both medical physicians and osteopathic physicians. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Condominiums.. Description: Shortens the notice period from sixty days to thirty days for a board to sell, store, donate, or dispose of personalty when the identity and address of the owner are known. Removes the publication requirement and permits the board of directors of a condominium association to proceed directly to the sale, storage, donation, or disposal of personalty that has been abandoned in or on the common elements of a condominium when the identity or address of the owner is unknown. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Preaudit Payments.. Description: Amends the minimum dollar amount of payments required to be preaudited. Allows, rather than requires, the comptroller to preaudit all proposed payments of expenditures under the threshold dollar amount. Sunsets 7/1/2024. Effective 7/1/2021. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Agriculture.. Description: Requires the Hawaii department of agriculture and agribusiness development corporation to annually lease at least 50% of land leased or up for lease renewal to operations whose primary business is, or supports, local food production beginning 1/1/2022. Requires the Hawaii department of agriculture and agribusiness development corporation to submit reports to the legislature on leasing activities. Requires the agribusiness development corporation and its board of directors to implement by 1/1/2023 the recommendations in the State Auditor's Report No. 21-01 and requires a progress report to the 2022 legislature and a final report by 12/31/2023. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Agricultural Loans.. Description: Amends the maximum amount that the Chairperson of the Board of Agriculture is authorized to approve for agricultural loans and aquacultural loans not to exceed $50,000 of state funds, rather than $25,000. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Sustainable Agriculture.. Description: Establishes a cover crop reimbursement pilot program to provide up to 75% cost reimbursement to farming operations in the State for acquiring cover crop seeds, green manure, or compost. Requires the convening of a review panel to screen and rate applicants on the quality of their cover crop and green manure and composting practices. Establishes a cover crop reimbursement pilot program manager position within the department of agriculture to administer the program. Requires a report to the legislature. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To A Food Hub Pilot Program.. Description: Requires the department of agriculture to establish a 5-year food hub pilot program to increase access to local food. Provides for the award of grant funding to qualified applicants wishing to establish or expand a food hub. Authorizes the issuance of general obligation bonds for the Honalo Marshalling Yard. Requires reports to the legislature. Makes an appropriation. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Important Agricultural Land Qualified Agricultural Cost Tax Credit.. Description: Clarifies that a taxpayer may claim the important agricultural land qualified agricultural cost tax credit no earlier than the third taxable year after application for first-year certification of the credit. Extends the time that the department of agriculture may certify the important agricultural land qualified agricultural costs tax credit from 12/31/2021 to 12/31/2030. Applies to taxable years beginning after 12/31/2021. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Agricultural Lands.. Description: Amends certain land subdivision and condominium property regime laws related to agricultural land, as recommended pursuant to Act 278, Session Laws of Hawaii 2019, to ensure condominium property regime projects within the agricultural district are used for agricultural purposes.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Taro.. Description: Establishes an exclusion from the state income tax for an unspecified portion of a person's income derived from the business of taro cultivation or production of taro products. Provides that the exclusion shall not apply if the department of agriculture determines that more than 30,000 acres of land is used for locally grown taro. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Sexual Assault Of An Animal.. Description: Establishes the offense of sexual assault of an animal. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Cosmetics.. Description: Bans the import for profit, sale, and offer for sale of any cosmetic in the State if the final product or any component of the final product was developed or manufactured using animal testing performed on or after 1/1/2022 in a cruel manner. Effective 1/1/2022. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Farm Animals.. Description: Requires farm owner or operators to confine egg-laying hens in accordance with the standards established in this measure. Effective 6/30/27 prohibits a business owner or operator from selling shell eggs or egg products that are produced by egg-laying hens that were confined in a cruel manner. (SD2)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Litter Control.. Description: Prohibits the intentional release of balloons inflated with a gas that is lighter than air. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Bottled Water.. Description: Updates the federal law reference to standards established by the United States Food and Drug Administration regarding product quality standards for bottled water. Repeals the requirement that noncarbonated bottled water be transported, stored, processed, or bottled through lines or equipment through which only water is passed. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Environment.. Description: Requires the clean water branch to perform water quality testing during brown water advisories as practicable and inform the public of health risks associated with water runoff during brown water advisories. Requires the department of health to consider environmental justice issues when making certain assessments and determinations. Appropriates funds for positions within the department of health. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD2)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The College Savings Program.. Description: Establishes a state income tax deduction for eligible contributions made by residents of the State into the HI529Hawaii's College Savings Program. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To General Excise Tax.. Description: Establishes a general excise tax exemption for the gross proceeds or income from the sale of groceries that are eligible under the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP), regardless of the means of purchase and the SNAP eligibility of the person. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Water Quality.. Description: Waives the requirement for section 401 water quality certification for certain small-scale beach restoration projects authorized by the department of land and natural resources. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Wastewater Systems.. Description: Establishes the time of transfer wastewater system inspection program in the Department of Health to oversee the inspection and repair of any individual wastewater system at the time of sale or transfer of residential real property attached to the wastewater system. Excludes certain sales or transfers. Removes the limitation on specific types of wastewater systems to which cesspools must be upgraded or converted, and instead requires a cesspool to be upgraded or converted to a wastewater system approved by the department of health, prior to 1/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Transportation.. Description: Appropriates funds for the department of transportation to conduct a study to determine the feasibility of repairing or renovating the Kalaeloa airport air traffic control tower. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Payments Of Support.. Description: Includes tips or gratuities paid directly to an individual by a customer of the employer and reported or declared to the employer under the definition of income withheld by employers for payments of child or spousal support.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Tax Appeals.. Description: Clarifies that filing fees for tax appeals are nonrefundable and that no deposits are required for tax appeals. Effective 1/1/2022. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The Uniform Trust Code.. Description: Enacts the 2018 Uniform Trust Code. Repeals the Uniform Trustees' Powers Act, Uniform Prudent Investor Act, and laws regarding trust administration under the Uniform Probate Code. Effective 1/1/2022. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The Detention Of A Minor In An Adult Jail Or Lockup.. Description: Requires a family court to make findings, after a hearing and in writing, before a minor can be transferred to an adult jail or lockup or be permitted sight or sound contact with adult offenders, subject to certain circumstances. Requires the circuit court to commit all convicted offenders under eighteen to Hawaii youth correctional facilities in cases where the court deems the sentence more suitable. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Room Confinement Of Children At Detention And Shelter Facilities.. Description: Establishes conditions and time limits for placing a child in room confinement at a detention or shelter facility. Effective 7/1/2060. (HD2)
In 2021, Hawaii enrolled a bill titled: Relating To The Orders Of The Campaign Spending Commission.. Description: Provides that certain rights shall be deemed waived if a preliminary determination of probable cause is rendered during a meeting subject to the requirements of chapter 92, HRS, and the person fails to request a contested case hearing within thirty days of receipt of the preliminary determination. Allows the campaign spending commission to have an order confirmed as a judgment by the first circuit court, giving the order the same force and effect as any other judgment issued by the circuit courts; provided that there shall be no appeal from the judgment. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Campaign Finance Reports.. Description: Clarifies that increased fines may apply if a candidate committee or noncandidate committee fails to timely file the preliminary primary or preliminary general report due ten calendar days before a primary or general election. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Violations Of Campaign Finance Law.. Description: Increases the amount of the fine for campaign spending law violations that may be assessed against a noncandidate committee making only independent expenditures and that has received at least one contribution of more than $10,000, or spent more than $10,000, in an election period. Allows the campaign spending commission to order that the payment of a fine assessed against a noncandidate committee, or any portion of the fine, be paid from the personal funds of an officer of the noncandidate committee. Effective 7/1/2112. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Reimbursements For Expenditures By Committees.. Description: Provides that expenditures by candidate committees may be made to reimburse other individuals for expenditures advanced by those individuals, in addition to those advanced by the candidate. Deletes candidate reimbursements from the category of expenditures that noncandidate committees must itemize in their reports, since noncandidate committees are not allowed to receive or make loans under existing law. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Reports Filed With The Campaign Spending Commission.. Description: Clarifies that candidates do not need to file preliminary general reports if they are either unsuccessful in the primary election and do not intend to remain politically active until after the general election or are elected to office in the primary election. Amends the aggregate contribution and expenditure amounts that trigger the requirement for a candidate or noncandidate committee to file only the final election period report. (HD2)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Electioneering Communications.. Description: Lowers the monetary threshold that triggers disclosure of electioneering communications. Repeals the requirement that disclosures of electioneering communications occur on the date of any subsequent expenditures. Classifies election advertisements sent by mail at any postal rate as electioneering communications. Exempts communications that are actual expenditures of an organization from being considered electioneering communications. Excludes candidate and candidate committees from the disclosure requirements. Applies beginning with the 2022 primary election. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Campaign Contributions.. Description: Provides that excess contributions by nonresident contributors shall escheat to the Hawaii election campaign fund if not returned to the contributor within thirty days of the end of the election period. Allows the candidate, candidate committee, or noncandidate committee to choose which excess contributions by nonresident contributors to return. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Campaign Spending Commission Staff.. Description: Clarifies that the campaign spending commission may employ or contract with persons for the performance of day-to-day functions of the commission. Clarifies that persons employed or contracted by the campaign spending commission shall have the authority to perform day-to-day functions of the commission without further commission action. Requires a complaint initiated by the staff of the campaign spending commission to be in writing and signed by the executive director of the commission. Effective 7/1/2112. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Abuse Of Family Or Household Member.. Description: Adds abuse of a family or household member to those felonies that qualify for repeat offender sentencing. Effective 7/1/2060. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Operating A Vehicle Under The Influence Of An Intoxicant.. Description: Clarifies implied consent law to make an exception for giving a breath, blood, or urine test pursuant to a search warrant or any other basis permissible under the Constitution of the State of Hawaii and state law. Excludes habitually operating a vehicle under the influence of an intoxicant from qualifying for deferred acceptance of guilty plea or nolo contendere plea. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Violation Of Privacy.. Description: Excludes violation of privacy in the first degree, and certain subsections of violation of privacy in the second degree, from qualifying for deferred acceptance of guilty plea or nolo contendere plea. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Making An Appropriation To The Department Of The Prosecuting Attorney Of The City And County Of Honolulu.. Description: Appropriates funds to the department of the prosecuting attorney of the city and county of Honolulu as a grant-in-aid for the career criminal prosecution unit. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Vacancies.. Description: Requires vacancies in the offices of United States Senator, United States Representative, State Senator, and State Representative to be filled by special election. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Felonies.. Description: Specifies that interference with an automated public transit operation is unlawful and is a class C felony. (SD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Firearms.. Description: Authorizes the department of the attorney general to develop and implement a state program to issue firearm qualification certifications to qualified retired law enforcement officers to carry a concealed firearm in the State pursuant to the federal Law Enforcement Officers Safety Act of 2004. Makes a conforming amendment to state firearm laws. (SD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Gardens.. Description: Authorizes the Department of Education to develop programs to encourage the development of gardens on school property. Authorizes the Hawaii Community Development Authority to develop programs that provide incentives to establish gardens in housing projects, communities, and schools. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Department Of Education.. Description: Requires the Auditor to perform a program audit of the policies and procedures of the Board of Education and Department of Education to support schools in meeting the goals and statewide student success indicators outlined in the 2017-2020 strategic plan of the Board and Department. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To A School Facilities Agency.. Description: Amends Act 72, Session Laws of Hawaii 2020, to require that the school facilities agency complies with the Hawaii Public Procurement Code. Authorizes the school facilities agency to have additional powers and duties. Specifies additional uses for the school facilities special fund. Provides the executive director of the school facilities agency with authority relating to capital improvement projects for the school facilities agency. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To School Impact Fees.. Description: Repeals the school impact fee exemptions for nonresidential development and housing subject to the transient accommodations tax when seeking development in a designated school impact district requiring county subdivision approval, county building permit, or condominium property regime approval of the project. Allows construction cost component impact fees to be used to improve or renovate existing structures for school use. Repeals the requirement that an expenditure plan for all collected impact fees be incorporated into the department of education's annual budget process. Effective 12/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Real Property Transactions.. Description: Requires that mandatory seller disclosures in real estate transactions include identification of residential real properties lying within the sea level rise exposure area. Takes effect 5/1/22. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Farms.. Description: Creates an exclusion from income tax for the lesser of a percentage of gross annual income or an amount of gross annual income earned by a farmer from farming activities. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Agricultural Production.. Description: Requires the Department of Agriculture to collaborate with agricultural growers and researchers to develop and implement a program to safely distribute disease- and insect-free tropical plant materials to Hawaii farmers. Requires the Department of Agriculture to adopt rules to specify the plant species and varieties that warrant additional regulations. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Agricultural Buildings.. Description: Increases the maximum area for each agricultural shade cloth structure, cold frame, and greenhouse that could qualify the structure for an exemption from building permit and building code requirements. Effective 1/1/2022. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Agriculture.. Description: Establishes the Hawaii agriculture and forest carbon positive incentive program. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Agriculture.. Description: Requires the department of agriculture, in cooperation with the office of the governor, to identify the top ten fruit and vegetable imports to the State that may be commercially grown by farmers in Hawaii and recommend ways to increase their production. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii enrolled a bill titled: Proposing An Amendment To Article I Of The Constitution Of The State Of Hawaii To Guarantee All Individuals The Right To Have A Clean And Healthy Environment.. Description: Proposes a constitutional amendment that guarantees individuals the right to a clean and healthy environment, including pure water, clean air, and healthy ecosystems, and to the preservation of the natural, cultural, scenic, and healthful qualities of the environment. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The Issuance Of Special Purpose Revenue Bonds To Assist Wahiawa General Hospital.. Description: Authorizes the issuance of special purpose revenue bonds for long-term debt restructuring of Wahiawa General Hospital. (HD2)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Education.. Description: Requires the Department of Education to establish and administer an ocean safety and stewardship education program for all fourth grade public school students. Effective 1/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Education.. Description: Requires the department of education to establish criteria for industry certification awards for public high schools to incentivize public high schools to encourage students to obtain industry-recognized certifications in high value occupations. Requires the department to submit an annual report containing specific information about the industry certification award progress. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Historic Preservation Reviews.. Description: Authorizes the Department of Land and Natural Resources, in consultation with the Office of Hawaiian Affairs, to delegate to the impacted counties the responsibility for certain historic preservation project reviews, provided that certain requirements are met. Allows the Department of Land and Natural Resources to establish a program to certify third-party individuals and organizations to review documents for completeness and compliance prior to submission of those documents to the Department; provided that certain requirements are met. (SD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program Incentives.. Description: Removes the $10 per visit per day cap on the dollar-for-dollar match received by supplemental nutrition assistance program beneficiaries under the Hawaii healthy food incentive program, also known as the double up food bucks program. Specifies that healthy proteins are eligible purchases under the program. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Enforcement Of Laws.. Description: Establishes an expeditious adjudication system for the processing of fireworks infractions. Increases the fireworks display permit fee and the fine for certain fireworks violations. Clarifies what constitutes a separate violation. Increases the penalty for removing or extracting the pyrotechnic contents. Authorizes the sheriff division to enforce the fireworks control law. Requires the attorney general to establish an explosion detection technology working group. Requires the department of public safety to develop and implement a web-based reporting tool for illegal fireworks. Appropriates funds. Effective 5/6/2137. (HD2)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The General Fund.. Description: Provides a tax credit to taxpayers and makes deposits to the emergency and budget reserve fund and other post-employment benefits trust fund pursuant to article VII, section 6, of the Hawaii Constitution. Appropriates funds. (SD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Education.. Description: Beginning 7/1/2022, requires the state board for career and technical education to oversee and review annually certain statewide processes, requirements, and rules related to the student attainment of industry-recognized credentials. Requires an annual report to the governor and legislature. Requires the statewide longitudinal data system to include career and technical education data for analysis. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Education.. Description: Requires the department of education to establish and implement a sexual abuse prevention education program to educate public and charter school students on sexual abuse prevention, provide relevant training to teachers and staff, and inform parents and guardians about important child sexual abuse topics. Requires the board of education to adopt policies to effectuate the program. Requires reports to the legislature. Appropriates funds. (SD2)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Political Advertisements.. Description: Requires printed and electronic political advertising to prominently display candidate-approval language on each odd-numbered page. (SD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To American Sign Language.. Description: Recognizes American Sign Language as a fully developed, autonomous, natural language with its own grammar, syntax, vocabulary, and cultural heritage.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The Hawaii Civil Rights Commission.. Description: Clarifies the meaning of "program or activity receiving state financial assistance". Excludes cases within the scope of the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act from the jurisdiction of the Hawaii civil rights commission. Effective 7/1/2022. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Emergency Rules.. Description: Allows for lesser emergency period penalties to be adopted by the governor or a mayor. Allows for the emergency period infractions to be processed under the traffic adjudication process. Allows electronic copies of notices of infractions, infraction adjudication hearings, and notices of infraction judgments to be sent via electronic mail. Grants the district court concurrent jurisdiction over emergency period rule infractions committed by minors. (HD2)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Elections By Mail.. Description: Amends various statutory provisions to clarify and improve the administration of elections by mail. Establishes voters with special needs advisory committees at the state and county levels. Requires the department of public safety and Hawaii paroling authority to inform individuals on parole or probation of their right to vote and provide them with voting information. Requires the office of elections and the county clerks to make a determination, as soon as practicable, of the optimal number and placement of voter service centers. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Voting.. Description: Allows an individual who is seventeen years of age but will be eighteen years of age on or before the next general election to register and vote at the primary election immediately preceding that general election and in any co-occurring or intervening special election. Takes effect upon ratification of an appropriate constitutional amendment. Effective 7/1/2112. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii enrolled a bill titled: Proposing An Amendment To Article Ii, Section 1, Of The Hawaii State Constitution To Change The Age Qualification For Voting In State Or Local Elections.. Description: Proposes a constitutional amendment to allow citizens who are seventeen years of age but will be eighteen years of age on or before the next general election to vote at the primary election immediately preceding the general election by which the citizen will attain the age of eighteen and any intervening or co-occurring special election. Effective 7/1/2112. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Ranked Choice Voting.. Description: Establishes ranked-choice voting for special federal elections and special elections of vacant county council seats. Effective 7/1/2112. (HD2)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Deceptive Trade Practices.. Description: Establishes that charging shipping and delivery charges that exceed the actual cost to ship or deliver a commodity to a consumer in Hawaii constitutes an unfair and deceptive practice. Effective 1/1/2050. (HD2)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Alcohol.. Description: Expands the definition of "beer" to specify an alcohol by volume of no less than 0.5 per cent and to include alcoholic seltzer beverages. Effective January 1, 2022. (SD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Homestead Exemptions.. Description: Requiring the legislative reference bureau to conduct a study to determine the increase to the homestead exemption in bankruptcy proceedings. Effective 12/1/2050. (HD2)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Used Motor Vehicle Parts.. Description: Requires licensed used motor vehicle part dealers to obtain a written statement by a seller of a catalytic converter that the seller has the lawful right to sell and dispose of the catalytic converter. Requires a seller of a catalytic converter to present a receipt or notarized declaration regarding the catalytic converter. Prohibits a licensed used motor vehicle part dealer from purchasing a catalytic converter with no receipt or notarized declaration and to report the attempted sale to the police. Establishes the offense of theft of catalytic converter as a class C felony. Takes effect 5/6/2137. (SD2)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Special Purpose Revenue Bonds To Assist House Of Aloha Enterprises Llc.. Description: Authorizes the issuance of special purpose revenue bonds to assist the House of Aloha Enterprises LLC, with planning, designing, constructing, and equipping facilities in Hawaii for the manufacturing and processing of certain products. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Environment.. Description: Amends the definition of "water pollutant" as used in chapter 342D, Hawaii Revised Statutes, relating to water pollution, to include plastic. Effective 5/6/2137. (SD2)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The University Of Hawaii.. Description: PART I - Establishes the University of Hawaii (UH) Cancer Research Center in statute as the Cancer Research Center of Hawaii. Requires the Director of the Cancer Research Center to be appointed in accordance with the Board of Regents policy. Requires the Cancer Research Center to be administratively affiliated with the John A. Burns School of Medicine to achieve greater efficiency. PART II - Requires UH to develop a plan for the School of Medicine and Cancer Research Center to achieve greater operational efficiencies. Requires the UH President to submit a progress report to the Legislature before the 2023 regular session. PART III - Extends the sunset of Act 38, SLH 2017, exempting UH's technology transfer activities from certain provisions of the state ethics code to 6/30/2024. Prohibits technology transfer activities in which UH employees have a conflict of interest. Requires Board of Regents to report employee conflicts to the Legislature. PART IV - Temporarily reenacts provisions of Act 39, SLH 2017, reestablishing UH's innovation and commercialization initiative program to 6/30/2024. Prohibits program activities in which UH employees have a conflict of interest. Requires UH to report employee conflicts to the Legislature. PART V - Temporarily repeals changes made by Act 42, SLH 2018, allowing the UH president to act as UH's Chief Procurement Officer for procurement contracts under chapter 103D, HRS, until 6/30/2024. (AD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To General Excise Tax.. Description: Authorizes the director of taxation to exempt a taxpayer whose annual general excise tax liability does not exceed $100 from monthly, quarterly, or semiannual general excise tax filing requirements; provided that the taxpayer files an annual return. Applies to taxable years beginning after 12/31/2021. (SD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Hawaii Tourism Authority.. Description: Prohibits holdover board members of the Hawaii Tourism Authority from holding office beyond the commencement of the next legislative session following the expiration of the member's term of office. (SD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Campaign Finance.. Description: Allows candidates seeking election to use campaign funds for child care and vital household dependent care costs under certain conditions. Effective 5/1/2029. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Massage Therapists.. Description: Beginning 7/1/2024, requires massage therapy licensees to complete twelve hours of continuing education within the twoyear period preceding the renewal date, of which two hours shall include first aid, cardiopulmonary resuscitation, or other emergency related courses. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Roofing Contractors.. Description: Prohibits roofing contractors from offering to pay, in any monetary form, an insured's property or casualty insurance deductible as an incentive to induce the insured to hire the contractor. Allows an insured to rescind a contract with the roofing contractor if an insurer notifies the insured that all or any part of a claim or contract is not a covered loss under the insured's insurance policy and requires the roofing contractor to return funds after the rescission, in certain circumstances. Requires roofing contractors to provide certain forms to an insured, prior to entering into a contract. Prohibits roofing contractors from representing or negotiating, or offering or advertising to do so, on behalf of an insured in an insurance claim. Specifies violations are unfair methods of competition and unfair or deceptive acts or practices. Effective 1/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Pharmacy Benefit Managers.. Description: Prohibits certain contracts for managed care entered into after June 30, 2021, from containing a provision that authorizes a pharmacy benefit manager to reimburse a contracting pharmacy on a maximum allowable cost basis, and voids any such provisions in existing managed care contracts. Prohibits pharmacy benefit managers from engaging in unfair methods of competition or unfair practices. Prohibits a pharmacy benefit manager from reimbursing a 340B pharmacy differently than any other network pharmacy. Prohibits a pharmacy benefit manager from reimbursing an independent or rural pharmacy an amount less than the rural rate for each drug under certain circumstances. Prohibits a pharmacy benefit manager from restricting a pharmacist's ability to provide certain information to insureds. Increases pharmacy benefit managers' annual reporting requirements. Requires the insurance commissioner to file annual reports with the legislature. Increases pharmacy benefit manager registration and renewal fees by an unspecified amount. Makes certain violations of pharmacy benefit managers subject to the penalties provided in chapters 480 and 481, Hawaii Revised Statutes. Effective 7/1/2050. Repeals certain provisions on 6/30/2026. (SD2)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Affordable Housing.. Description: Removes the construction completion deadline for the Leialii affordable housing project. Allows HHFDC to address historic preservation laws when funding is appropriated for each portion of the Leialii affordable housing project. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Boards And Commissions.. Description: Prohibits a public member of any board or commission under DCCA's purview from being engaged in the occupation that the board or commission regulates; being associated with a member of the occupation that the board or commission regulates that results in a material conflict of interest, an appearance of impropriety, or a reasonable suspicion that the public member does not represent the public interest; or having a financial interest in the regulated occupation. Effective 7/1/2112. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Behavior Analysts.. Description: Makes permanent the regulation of behavior analysts. Effective 6/29/2021.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Physician Workforce Assessment.. Description: Repeals the requirement that no less than fifty per cent of the physician workforce assessment fees deposited into the John A. Burns school of medicine special fund be used for purposes identified by the Hawaii medical education council. Repeals the monetary cap of expenditures from the John A. Burns school of medicine special fund. Authorizes the John A. Burns school of medicine special fund to provide loan repayment to certain physicians and scholarships to qualifying medical students. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Taxation.. Description: Retroactively exempts from the state income tax, unemployment compensation and pandemic unemployment assistance received from 3/1/2020, to 12/31/2020. Requires the department of taxation to allow taxpayers to credit the state income tax deducted and withheld from their unemployment compensation and pandemic unemployment assistance during that time period against their overall state income tax liability. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Rentals Of Mopeds And Motor Scooters.. Description: Requires all moped and motor scooter rental companies to ensure that mopeds and motor scooters are equipped with flags and that riders wear safety helmets, subject to certain circumstances. Amends the definition of motor scooter. Prohibits the rental of any moped or motor scooter with aftermarket modifications. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Advanced Practice Registered Nurses.. Description: Amends provisions concerning fitness to proceed examinations in criminal proceedings to specify circumstances in which qualified advanced practice registered nurses or advanced practice registered nurses with prescriptive authority who hold an accredited national certification in an advanced practice registered nurse psychiatric specialization may participate. Takes effect 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The Transition Of The Oahu Regional Health Care System From The Hawaii Health Systems Corporation Into The Department Of Health.. Description: Commences the transfer of the Oahu regional health care system in its entirety from the Hawaii health systems corporation to the department of health. Requires the transfer to be completed no later than 12/31/22. Enables the Oahu regional health care system, department of health, Hawaii health systems corporation, and other state agencies to manage and implement the processes required to effectuate the completion of the transition. Authorizes the department of health to conduct long-term care and substance abuse treatment at Leahi hospital and Maluhia and to pay rent for the use of the Leahi hospital property. Requires the department of health to consult with the University of Hawaii regarding programs at Leahi hospital and Maluhia. Clarifies the rights, powers, and exemptions of the Oahu regional system board during the transition period of the Oahu regional health care system into the department of health and the rights and powers of the department of health after the transition is completed. Establishes a working group. Appropriates moneys from the mental health and substance abuse special fund. Appropriates moneys from the funds received by the State of Hawaii from the American Rescue Plan Act of 2021, Public Law 117-2 (Section 9901). (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Child Support Enforcement.. Description: Establishes that every judgment for child support is enforceable until paid in full. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Elections.. Description: Allows the elections commission to refer a complaint to the attorney general or county prosecutor in addition to any administrative determination and without the requirement that the commission believes the respondent has recklessly, knowingly, or intentionally committed a violation. Disqualifies a person convicted of violating elections criminal prosecution laws from holding elective public office for ten years rather than four. Repeals language stipulating that elections criminal prosecution law does not apply to any persons who has paid or agrees to pay fines related to report filing violations and advertisement violations prior to the commencement of the proceedings.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Taxation.. Description: Extends the period in which a county may adopt a surcharge on state tax, under certain conditions. Authorizes the use of county surcharge revenues for affordable and workforce housing infrastructure. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Taxation.. Description: Amends the amount of the rental motor vehicle surcharge tax to an unspecified amount for any county with a resident population of more than 125,000, but less than 195,000. Allocates the increase in surcharge tax revenues to the county's subaccount within the state highway fund. Effective 1/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Renaming Kahului Airport Access Road.. Description: Renames Kahului Airport Access Road on Maui as the Mayor Elmer F. Cravalho Way. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Low-income Housing Tax Credit.. Description: Allows the low-income housing tax credit to be allocated among the partners or members of the partnership or limited liability company earning the credit in any manner agreed to by the partners or members. Requires Internal Revenue Service Form 8609 to be included with claims for the low-income housing tax credit. Specifies other restrictions and clarifies the effect of other tax provisions for buildings placed in service after 12/31/2020. Extends the increases made to the low-income housing tax credit from 12/31/2021 to an unspecified date. Applies to taxable years beginning after 12/31/2050. Effective 12/1/2050. (HD3)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Tax Credits.. Description: Requires that new income tax credits established or renewed after 12/31/2021 include a 5-year sunset or an annual reduction. (SD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Solemn Covenant Of The States To Award Prizes For Curing Diseases.. Description: Requires the department of health to establish a task force to study the feasibility of entering into the solemn covenant of the states to award prizes for curing diseases. Effective 7/1/2060. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Public Safety.. Description: Appropriates funds for the Hawaii correctional system oversight commission. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Environmental Protection.. Description: Establishes a green fee surcharge of $20 on transient accommodations for the purposes of funding workforce programs and services that promote certain environmental goals. Establishes a conservation workforce special fund. Repeals on 12/31/2031. (SD2)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Agriculture.. Description: Part I: Requires the State to regulate all agricultural imports and inspections. Establishes the air cargo pest inspection, quarantine, and eradication fund. Part II: Renames the agricultural development and food security special fund as the land-, aquaculture-, freshwater-, or sea-based food development and food security special fund and expands the scope of the special fund to include land-, aquaculture-, freshwater-, or sea-based food production. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Employment Of A Minor.. Description: Allows minors under the age of sixteen years to work in theatrical employment provided that the employer procures a valid certificate of employment and the minor is accompanied by a parent, guardian, or responsible adult designated by the parent or guardian, to supervise and advocate on behalf of the minor. Requires the employer to hire a nurse certified in basic life support to accompany, supervise, and advocate on behalf of an infant under the age one who is on set. Requires a studio teacher to accompany, teach, and attend to the health, safety, and well-being of a minor who attained the age of five years, is working during periods when the minor is legally required to attend school. Defines "nurse" and "studio teacher". Takes effect 1/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Hawaii Employer-union Health Benefits Fund.. Description: Amends the definition of "employee-beneficiary" to include the surviving unmarried adult child of a deceased retired member if the child is incapable of self-support due to a mental or physical incapacity that existed prior to the unmarried child's reaching the age of nineteen. Effective 1/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Minimum Wage.. Description: Increases the minimum wage for certain employees to $12.00 per hour beginning 7/1/2022. (SD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Collective Bargaining.. Description: Requires the representative of labor on the Hawaii labor relations board (HLRB) to be a person selected by a simple majority of the exclusive representatives of the collective bargaining units. Establishes procedures for removal of the representative of labor on the HLRB during the member's term by a simple majority of the exclusive representatives of the collective bargaining units. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Sustainable Development Goals.. Description: Codifies sustainable development goals based on the United Nations' Sustainable Development Goals and indicators. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The Festival Of Pacific Arts.. Description: Extends the date on which the temporary commission on the thirteenth festival of pacific arts shall cease to exist to August 31, 2025. Permits less than a quorum of commission members to discuss matters relating to official board business outside a commission meeting as a permitted interaction under part I of chapter 92, Hawaii Revised Statutes, to enable them to perform their duties faithfully, provided that the commission holds a properly noticed meeting at least once a month and discusses the progress of the permitted interaction matter at the next meeting. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Kalaupapa Month.. Description: Designates January of each year as "Kalaupapa Month". (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Search And Rescue.. Description: Requires government entities to seek reimbursement for all or a portion of search and rescue expenses for persons who require rescue after leaving a hiking trail to enter a prohibited area or hiking on a trail closed to the public. Effective 5/6/2137. (SD2)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Education Funding.. Description: Requires the committee on weights to submit a report to the legislature detailing any changes to the funding formula within thirty days of the final report. Effective 7/1/2051. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Suicide Prevention Training.. Description: Requires two hours of annual in-service training in suicide prevention for all teachers, principals, and school counselors.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Publicity Rights.. Description: Clarifies the right of publicity includes the rights of individuals who died before the enactment of the Hawaii Publicity Rights Act. Effective retroactive to 7/15/2009. (HD3)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Issuance Of Special Purpose Revenue Bonds To Assist Pueo Development, Llc.. Description: Authorizes the issuance of special purpose revenue bonds for a master planned development proposed by Pueo Development, LLC, on Hawaiian home lands. Effective 7/1/3021. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Hawaiian Homes Commission Act.. Description: Requires the department of Hawaiian home lands to digitize its applicant, beneficiary, and lessee records and make the digital database available for use no later than 7/1/2022. Effective 7/1/2060. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Policing.. Description: Requires officers serving a warrant to declare the officer's office and business and wait thirty seconds before entry into a house, store, or other building, subject to certain circumstances. Requires officers serving a warrant issued by a district court to do so in an authorized uniform and wear and use a body-worn video camera. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Non-violent Response Team Pilot Program.. Description: Directs the legislative reference bureau to conduct a study examining the efficacy of the Hawaii CARES program offered by the department of health's behavioral health administration adult mental health division. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Policing.. Description: Requires each county police department to collect certain data regarding police stops, uses of force, and arrests, and submit to the legislature annual reports. Effective 5/6/2137. (SD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Correctional Facilities.. Description: Repeals the authorization for the governor to negotiate with any person for the development or expansion of private in-state correctional facilities. Prohibits the establishment of private correctional facilities within the State. Allows the governor to enter into a contract with a private entity to construct correctional facilities on public or private lands for the benefit of the State if the facilities are operated by the Department of Public Safety. Repeals the authorization of the governor to enter into a contract with a private entity for the lease or purchase of correctional facilities the entity constructs. Effective 5/6/2137. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Public Housing Authority.. Description: Allows HPHA to build non-subsidized housing. Excludes amounts required to be set aside or transferred pursuant to the Admission Act of 1959 or sections 1 and 6 of the State Constitution with respect to the net proceeds of sales or leases of HPHA-developed property, from being deposited into the public housing revolving fund. Requires HPHA to submit certain documentation to the office of Hawaiian affairs regarding government or crown lands set aside or leased to HPHA prior to any plan to redevelop or enter into a public-private partnership for affordable housing development. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Operating A Vehicle While Intoxicated.. Description: Lowers the threshold blood alcohol concentration for the offense of operating a vehicle while under the influence of an intoxicant.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Transportation.. Description: Requires lessors of rental motor vehicles to include an option for the lessee in the motor vehicle rental agreement to contribute a sum to DLNR for the preservation and protection of the environment. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Electric Vehicles.. Description: Part I: Authorizes each county to adopt ordinances to enforce section 291-71, Hawaii Revised Statutes, including the establishment of penalties for failure to comply with its requirements or make reasonable efforts to maintain electric vehicle charging stations in working order. Clarifies that certain enforcement officers may enter private property to enforce electric vehicle parking space violations. Requires new electric vehicle charging systems installed pursuant to the electric vehicle charging system requirement to be at least Level 2 and network capable. Adds electric vehicle charging equipped parking requirement of five stalls per one hundred stalls by 2025. Part II: Establishes a subaccount in the public utilities commission special fund for the electric vehicle charging system rebate program. Reallocates a portion of the environmental response, energy, and food security tax to be deposited into the subaccount. Part III: Appropriates funds out of the energy security special fund for the electric vehicle charging system rebate program. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD2)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Special Purpose Revenue Bonds To Assist Le Jardin Academy, Inc.. Description: Authorizes the issuance of up to $25,000,000 in special purpose revenue bonds to assist Le Jardin Academy. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Marijuana.. Description: Increases from three grams to thirty grams: (1) the minimum amount of marijuana that a defendant must possess to be charged with a petty misdemeanor; and (2) the maximum amount of marijuana that a defendant convicted of possessing marijuana could have possessed without being disqualified from the subsequent expungement of the record of that conviction. (SD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To State Capitol Facilities.. Description: Requires the department of accounting and general services to develop and implement an enhanced security plan for the state capitol and surrounding grounds. Amends provisions regarding the internal governance of the state capitol management committee. Requires the department of accounting and general services to submit annual reports to the legislature regarding the enhanced security plan. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Human Trafficking.. Description: Adds a permanent commercial driver's license disqualification for a commercial driver's license or commercial learner's permit holder who is convicted of a felony involving severe forms of trafficking in persons, without the possibility of reinstatement. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Operating A Vehicle Under The Influence Of An Intoxicant.. Description: Establishes sentencing guidelines for highly intoxicated drivers. Requires that ignition interlock devices be installed on all vehicles operated by a person upon license revocation. Increases the license revocation period and extends the applicable lookback periods. Amends the penalties for operating a vehicle under the influence of an intoxicant. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Motor Carrier Penalties.. Description: Allows a penalty of up to $5,000 for the fourth or subsequent violations of the motor carrier law within one calendar year. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Cannabis.. Description: Legalizes the personal use, possession, and sale of cannabis in a specified quantity. Requires licensing to operate cannabis establishments. Subjects cannabis establishments to excise taxes and income taxes. Effective 5/6/2137. (SD2)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Zero-emission Vehicles.. Description: Establishes the rental car modernization task force to develop a plan to determine the feasibility of installing electric vehicle charging infrastructure to support a one hundred per cent zeroemission rental motor vehicle fleet by 2035. Requires the task force to submit an initial report to the legislature no later than 12/1/2021, and a final report to the legislature no later than 12/1/2022. Dissolves the task force on 5/31/2023. Effective 1/1/2050. (HD2)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Transportation.. Description: Authorizes the issuance of special number plates to support environmental conservation, with proceeds from the program to be used to fund conservation efforts. Adjusts the initial application and renewal fees for special number plates beginning 1/1/22. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Transient Accommodations Tax.. Description: Provides for a mechanism to adjust the transient accommodations tax rate based on visitor arrivals for a calendar year. Requires the Hawaii tourism authority and the department of business, economic development, and tourism to determine and the latter to publish visitor arrivals annually. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Association Governance.. Description: Allows the annual and special meetings and election of board members of planned community associations, and condominium associations to be conducted remotely by electronic meetings in the event a state of emergency declared pursuant to chapter 127, Hawaii Revised Statutes, is in effect in the county in which the corporation or association is located that prevents shareholders or members from physically gathering for a meeting. (SD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Taxation.. Description: Requires that revenue estimates provided by the department of taxation to the legislature or to any executive or administrative office be accompanied by a description of the methodology used and assumptions made in providing the estimate. Requires the estimate and description to be subject to public disclosure. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Procurement.. Description: Allows selection committees for procurement of professional services to weigh the selection criteria in the order of importance relevant to their agency and project. Beginning 12/31/2022, requires the state procurement office to develop a vendor past performance information system. Allows a bidder of a public works construction project to clarify and correct non-material or technical issues with subcontractor listings for up to twenty-four hours after the bid submission deadline. Requires bids for construction to be publicly opened no sooner than twenty-four hours after the bid submission deadline. Effective 7/1/2112. (HD2)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Procurement.. Description: Authorizes a special procurement process for the procurement of goods and services. Requires the procurement policy board to establish rules and procedures for the special procurement process by December 31, 2021. Requires the head of a purchasing agency to prepare a procurement plan and submit the plan to the Attorney General or corporation counsel. Requires the head of a purchasing agency to electronically post, for at least one year, all contracts awarded through a special procurement process within seven days of the contract award. Effective 5/6/2137. (SD2)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Vessels.. Description: Clarifies removal processes for unauthorized vessels. Clarifies the criteria for determining whether a vessel is abandoned. Reduces the allowable time frame to claim an unauthorized vessel that is impounded by the department of land and natural resources from thirty days to ten working days. Reduces the allowable time frame to claim an abandoned vessel that is impounded by a state or county agency from twenty days to ten working days. Makes abandonment of a vessel in the waters of the State or public property a petty misdemeanor. Clarifies auction requirements regarding abandoned vessels. Allows the department of land and natural resources to charge an impound storage fee. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Transportation.. Description: Increases the minimum and potential maximum fine for violating certain provisions relating to the installation of a noisy muffler. Takes effect 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The Minimum Wage.. Description: Repeals the exemption of individuals with disabilities from minimum wage requirements. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To State Small Boat Harbor Fees.. Description: Changes the criteria for calculating the various fees that the department of land and natural resources may charge for the usage of state small boat harbors, including requiring that certain state small boat harbor fees be set at fair market value, and how certain fees are applied. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Office Of Enterprise Technology Services.. Description: Provides the chief information officer with the authority to approve, or expedite the approval process of, a state agency's management information system project that is budgeted at or more than $1,000,000, or any other project the chief information officer deems necessary to expedite, by coordinating and focusing appropriate state personnel and resources. Requires the chief information officer to annually report the status of all pending or completed projects over $1,000,000, including whether they are on time and on budget. (SD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Department Of Accounting And General Services.. Description: Requires the Department of Accounting and General Services to purchase only zero-emission vehicles for its motor pool fleet beginning on 1/1/22. Requires the Department of Accounting and General Services, in coordination with other state agencies, to submit to the Legislature no later than twenty days prior to the convening of the regular session of 2022 a plan to convert the State's motor pool fleet to zero emissions vehicles. (SD2)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Condominiums.. Description: Makes condominium laws regarding sales to owner-occupants inapplicable to time share units. Increases the minimum number of residential units in a condominium project that must be offered for sale to prospective owner-occupants in the thirtyday period following the initial date of sale of the condominium from fifty per cent to ninety per cent. Effective 12/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Charter Schools.. Description: Requires members of the charter school commission to collectively possess experience and expertise in various fields. Clarifies authorizer compliance requirements in cases of an appeal. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Teacher Rental Housing.. Description: Authorizes HPHA and HHFDC to provide rental housing projects for teachers employed by the DOE and public charter schools. Appropriates funds for HPHA. Appropriates funds for deposit into the dwelling unit revolving fund. Requires the DOE to lease land and contract with private entities for teacher housing. Permits the private entities to lease teacher housing to other eligible tenants under certain circumstances. Effective 12/1/2050. (HD2)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Practice Of Behavior Analysis.. Description: Makes the exemption from the behavior analyst licensing requirements permanent for certain teachers working in collaboration with a licensed behavior analyst or licensed psychologist. Clarifies exemptions from licensure as a behavioral analyst for general education teachers, direct support workers, special education teachers, and teacher trainees working in collaboration with or under the supervision of licensed professionals. (SD2)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Public School Lands.. Description: Requires the attorney general, on behalf of the department of education, to institute proceedings to acquire certain land owned by the Mililani Town Association by voluntary action or condemnation. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The School Facilities Agency.. Description: Renames the school facilities agency as the school facilities authority. Describes the powers and responsibilities of the school facilities authority by amending chapter 302A, part VI, subpart C and Act 72, Session Laws of Hawaii 2020. Transfers the total fund balance in the state educational improvement fund to the school facilities special fund by an unspecified date. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Education.. Description: Appropriates funds for public school positions and the Hawaii teacher standards board. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Collective Bargaining.. Description: Eliminates the superintendent of education as a voting member constituting the public employer for the purpose of negotiating a collective bargaining agreement with personnel of the department of education. (SD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The Department Of Education.. Description: Requires the department of education to publish a weekly report on schools that have reported positive COVID-19 cases. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Charter Schools.. Description: Requires authorizers to provide to each charter schools it oversees a list of approved independent auditors. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Education Funding.. Description: Establishes maintenance of effort provisions for free education. Establishes a public education stabilization trust fund. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/2051. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The Hospital Sustainability Program.. Description: Extends the hospital sustainability program through 6/30/2024. Increases the maximum fee for inpatient care services to five and one-half per cent. Increases the amount of time hospitals have to pay the hospital sustainability fee from thirty days to sixty days. Appropriates moneys. Effective 6/29/2021. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Nursing Facility Sustainability Program.. Description: Extends the nursing facility sustainability program to 2024. Specifies that the nursing facility sustainability fee limit is 5.5 per cent of overall net patient service revenue. Removes the per resident daily maximum fee of $20 for each facility. Specifies facilities that meet certain exceptions shall pay a reduced daily fee in comparison to other participating facilities. Allows nursing facilities to pay assessed fees within 60 days, instead of 30 days. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Children.. Description: Allows a minor who has reached the age of sixteen to petition the family court for emancipation. Requires the court to take certain actions regarding investigation of the petition, appointment of legal counsel and a guardian ad litem for the petitioning minor, and the findings necessary to grant the petition. Specifies the rights gained by the minor upon emancipation. Requires the court to require the minor's parents or legal guardians to pay for any services ordered by the court. Effective 7/1/2060. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Sex Offenders.. Description: Prohibits a sex offender from residing within two thousand feet of the sex offender's former victim or the victim's immediate family members. Requires the sex offender to receive approval from the Attorney General prior to a change in address. (SD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Breast Cancer Screening.. Description: Expands coverage of breast cancer screening and imaging to include an annual mammogram for a woman of any age with an above average risk for breast cancer, risk factor screening for women ages thirty or older, and additional supplemental imaging for any woman, regardless of age, as deemed medically necessary by an applicable American College of Radiology guideline. Requires the auditor to conduct an impact assessment report and make a report to the legislature. Effective 7/1/2060. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Divorce.. Description: Grants exclusive original jurisdiction in matters of divorce to the family court of the circuit in which an applicant is domiciled at the time the application is filed. Repeals the requirement that a person be domiciled or physically present in the State for a continuous period of at least six months before applying for a divorce. Effective 1/1/2022. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Abuse Of Family Or Household Members.. Description: Adds coercive control as part of the petty misdemeanor offense of abuse of a family or household member to the pilot program to strengthen state and county responses to domestic violence and increase violator accountability established by Act 19, Regular Session of 2020. Sunsets 6/30/2026. (SD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Employment.. Description: Directs the Department of Human Resources Development to convene a working group of stakeholders to update and create policies and procedures relating to telework and alternative work schedules to address the caregiving responsibilities and other needs of state employees and submit a report on its proposed telework and alternative work schedule policies and procedures, including any recommendations on proposed legislation or specific budget requests, to the Legislature no later than 20 days prior to the convening of the Regular Session of 2022. Requires departments to adopt Department of Human Resources Development policies that permit state employees to telework while caregiving during the COVID-19 pandemic. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Childlike Sex Dolls.. Description: Establishes the offense of importation, sale, or possession of one or more childlike sex dolls. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Services For Kupuna.. Description: Allows the executive office of aging to relax the thirty-hour employment requirement for qualified caregivers under the kupuna caregivers program during a governor-declared state of emergency. Allows the kupuna caregivers program to be delivered through either traditional service delivery or kupuna caregiver-directed services. Clarifies that coaches and service providers shall be mandated reporters who have received adult protective services training. Expands the duties of a coach to include assisting the care recipient and caregiver with the enrollment process. Allows funds under the kupuna caregivers program to be issued to the care recipient's financial management service provider. Requires the director of the executive office on aging to submit an annual report to the legislature and adopt administrative rules. Effective 7/1/2060. (HD2)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Health.. Description: Authorizes advanced practice registered nurses, in addition to physicians, to practice medical aid in dying in accordance with their scope of practice and prescribing authority. Authorizes psychiatric mental health nurse practitioners and clinical nurse specialists, in addition to psychiatrists, psychologists, and clinical social workers, to provide counseling to a qualified patient. Reduces the mandatory waiting period between oral requests from twenty days to fifteen days. Waives the mandatory waiting period for those terminally ill individuals not expected to survive the mandatory waiting period. (SD2)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Broadband Infrastructure For Rural Communities.. Description: Creates a task force jointly convened by the department of transportation and department of business, economic development, and tourism to provide equitable broadband access for historically marginalized, unserved, and underserved rural communities. Requires the task force to apply for federal moneys for broadband access. Requires the departments' report to include the findings of the task force and an accounting of amounts received from the CARES Act and Emergency Coronavirus Relief Act of 2020 and grants disbursed by the State for broadband infrastructure for rural communities. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Coffee Pest Control.. Description: Extends the sunset date for the coffee berry borer pesticide subsidy program to 6/30/2023 and the program manager position, including the position's civil service and collective bargaining laws exemption, to 6/30/2024. Provides that no single coffee grower shall receive more than $12,000 for each pest per year in subsidies between 6/30/2021 and 7/01/2023. Requires the department of agriculture to compile a list of certain pesticides. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To School Improvements.. Description: Requires the department of education to conduct an electrical assessment on all public and conversion charter schools in the State to determine whether its electrical capacity will allow for the installation of air conditioning units and other air purifying devices and note the level of need in each classroom. Requires the department of education to submit a report of its findings and recommendations to the legislature no later than 12/31/2021. (SD2)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Charter Schools.. Description: Requires that a minimum of two of the three auditors selected by the authorizer for the State's public charter schools have offices on the neighbor islands.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Affordable Housing.. Description: Temporarily exempts affordable housing projects by HHFDC from certain state and county fees and exactions related to discretionary approval or ministerial permitting when the projects are exclusively for certain qualified residents. Effective 5/6/2137. Sunsets on 6/30/2027. (HD2)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Affordable Housing.. Description: Extends the low-income housing tax credit provisions made by Act 129, Session Laws of Hawaii 2016, under the low-income housing tax credit program, for six years to 12/31/2027. Effective 12/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Contested Cases.. Description: Authorizes contested case hearings to be conducted through the use of interactive conference technology. Effective 10/1/2021. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Hawaiian Homes Commission Act.. Description: Establishes requirements for Hawaiian home lands beneficiary consultation. Amends the membership requirements for the Hawaiian homes commission. Requires quarterly reporting on land dispositions and lease cancellations. Authorizes the governor to establish an inter-agency council, based on a recommendation from the Hawaiian homes commission. Requires DHHL to develop and implement a loan servicing manual. Allows the Hawaiian homes commission to retain separate legal counsel or use the services of the attorney general, as needed. Requires the legislative reference bureau to conduct a study on the potential effects of creating a position for the director of Hawaiian home lands that is separate from the chairperson of the Hawaiian homes commission. Effective 7/1/3021. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Maternal Health.. Description: Requires the department of human services to collect and report data on severe maternal morbidity incidents, disaggregated by county, race, and ethnicity. Requires the department of human services to develop and the Hawaii state commission on the status of women to administer implicit bias training for health care professionals in perinatal facilities. Effective 5/1/2029. (SD2)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The State Council On Mental Health.. Description: Requires the state council on mental health to include an unspecified number of members with demonstrated knowledge of or work experience involving native Hawaiian health practices. Takes effect 5/6/2137. (SD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Grants.. Description: Clarifies existing, and establishes new, grant application process and eligibility requirements for organizations, including nonprofit organizations, that may receive a grant from the State. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Employees' Retirement System.. Description: Authorizes a court to order the forfeiture of one half of the employees' retirement system (ERS) benefits of an ERS member, former member, or retirant upon conviction of the individual for a felony related to the state or county employment of the individual. Authorizes designated beneficiaries to receive the ERS benefits to which the member, former member, or retirant would be entitled under this section upon the death of the member, former member, or retirant. Prohibits designated beneficiaries convicted of a felony under the same set of circumstances as the member, former member, or retirant who was subject to forfeiture of ERS benefits from receiving benefits. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Sustainable Electronics Management.. Description: Requires persons in counties having a population greater than seven hundred fifty thousand who receive state funds and state financial assistance to donate unnecessary but functioning electronic devices and televisions to nonprofit organizations that will refurbish and distribute them to eligible persons in the State. Sets reporting requirements for donating entities, nonprofit refurbishers, and the department of accounting and general services. Sets administrative penalties for violations. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD2)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To State Light Duty Vehicles.. Description: Part I: Prioritizes the purchases of certain medium- and heavy-duty motor vehicles by state agencies. Establishes clean ground transportation goals for state agencies to achieve a one hundred per cent light-duty motor vehicles zero-emission fleet by December 31, 2035. Part II: Authorizes the department of accounting and general services to approve state fleet acquisitions, including zero emission vehicle requirements for light-duty passenger cars and light-duty multipurpose passenger vehicles and trucks and allowance for exemptions. Part III: Requires state and county agencies to purchase building materials for the project that reduce the carbon footprint of the project whenever feasible and cost-effective. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD2)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Taxation.. Description: Amends the motion picture, digital media, and film production income tax credit by reducing the cap amount per qualified production to $12,000,000. Requires the Department of Taxation to make a public disclosure identifying the names of the taxpayers who are receiving the tax credits and the total amount of tax credit received. Establishes an exception to the general prohibition against the Department of Taxation disclosing tax returns and return information. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Secondhand Dealers.. Description: Clarifies that the secondhand dealers law applies to a secondhand dealer's operation of an automated recycling kiosk. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Renewable Energy.. Description: Prohibits, after December 31, 2045, the approval or extension of any electricity generation facility that applies or proposes to use fossil fuels to generate electricity or store electricity into a public utility grid-tied energy storage system resource. Prohibits, after December 31, 2045, the use of fossil fuels for the generation or storage or electricity. Prohibits the Public Utilities Commission from approving applications or proposals for public utility cost recovery from any generation or storage facilities that use fossil fuels, except in certain circumstances. Effective 7/1/2055. (SD2)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Commercial Property Rent Relief.. Description: Establishes a Commercial Rent Relief Grant Program. Requires that the commercial rent relief grants be given priority for moneys received through federal funding. Appropriates an unspecified amount to the emergency and budget reserve fund for the program. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The Department Of Business, Economic Development, And Tourism.. Description: Establishes the clean energy and energy efficiency revolving loan fund. Repeals the building energy efficiency revolving loan fund. Authorizes moneys in the green infrastructure special fund to be used to finance the option to purchase solar energy systems and other clean energy equipment, including the purchase or lease of electric vehicles. Clarifies the definitions of loan program and green infrastructure loans as they relate to the issuance of GEMS bonds. Appropriates an unspecified amount out of the clean energy and energy efficiency revolving loan fund. Appropriates funds to provide loans or other financial assistance to eligible borrowers for clean energy investments. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Measurement Standards.. Description: Exempts hydrogen fuels from petroleum product measurement requirements. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Aerospace.. Description: Establishes the Office of Aerospace Development in the Hawaii Technology Development Corporation instead of the Department of Business, Economic Development, and Tourism. Repeals references to the Pacific International Space Center for Exploration Systems. Transfers the rights, powers, functions, and duties of the Pacific International Space Center for Exploration Systems to the Office of Aerospace Development. Allows the Aerospace Advisory Committee to select the Director of the Office of Aerospace Development. Reduces the number of members on the Aerospace Advisory Committee. Appropriates funds to UH. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD2)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Public Health.. Description: Authorizes the department of health to disseminate information on seizure first aid. Authorizes employers to disseminate information on seizure first aid provided by the department of health to their employees at the employer's workplace. Sunsets 6/30/2026. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Tourism.. Description: Specifies that moneys in the tourism emergency special fund are to be used exclusively for emergency measures directly related to safety and security initiatives necessary to respond to any tourism emergency. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Juneteenth Day.. Description: Establishes June 19 of each year as Juneteenth. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To A Broadband And Digital Equity Office.. Description: Establishes the Hawaii broadband and digital equity office within the department of business, economic development, and tourism. Effective 1/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Hawaii Tourism Authority.. Description: Requires that the 3.5% cap on spending from the tourism special fund include all governance and employment expenses and organization-wide costs as administrative expenses. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Natural Energy Laboratory Of Hawaii Authority.. Description: Transfers operational authority of the Makai Research Pier to the Natural Energy Laboratory of Hawaii Authority. Authorizes the director of finance to issue general obligation bonds for the Natural Energy Laboratory of Hawaii Authority to repair and upgrade the pier. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Animal Fur Products.. Description: Beginning January 1, 2022, prohibits the manufacture or importation for sale of certain animal fur products in the State. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD2)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Telehealth.. Description: Authorizes the establishment of a physician-patient relationship via a telehealth interaction if the physician is licensed to practice medicine in the State. (HD2)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Hawaii Money Transmitter Act.. Description: Amends the Money Transmitters Act. Incorporates definitions of key terms provided in the Model Money Services Business Law. Adds supporting documentation required to be submitted by an applicant for licensure. Extends the period of an applicant's litigation and criminal conviction history review from five years to ten years from the date of the application. Requires an applicant to submit information concerning any bankruptcy or receivership proceedings. Clarifies the authority of the commissioner of financial institutions to examine and investigate licensees and participate in nationwide protocols for licensing cooperation. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Consumer Protection.. Description: Beginning 7/1/2023: provides for new viable installment-based small dollar loan transactions; specifies various consumer protection requirements for small dollar loans; requires licensure for small dollar lenders, subject to the oversight of the division of financial institutions of the department of commerce and consumer affairs; specifies licensing requirements for small dollar lenders; and caps the maximum allowable loan size at $1,500. Amends requirements for check cashers, including requiring check cashers to be licensed with the department of commerce and consumer affairs, to offer voluntary payment plans to consumers, and make various notice and disclosure requirements. Requires the division of financial institutions to conduct an analysis of the regulation of payday lenders and deferred deposit agreements and report to the legislature. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Pharmacy Audits.. Description: Establishes procedures for audits of pharmacies conducted by a health care provider, insurance company, third-party payor, sickness insurance provider, mutual benefit society, dental service corporation, health maintenance organization, or any entity that represents such companies or groups. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Health.. Description: Amends the definition of "preceptor" and "volunteer-based supervised clinical training rotation" to improve accessibility for providers to receive income tax credits for acting as preceptors. Includes the director of health on the Preceptor Credit Assurance Committee. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Office Of Hawaiian Affairs.. Description: Amends ballot requirements to display candidates for the office of Hawaiian affairs board of trustees, by residency and nonresidency requirements and to randomize the order of candidate names within those groupings. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Greenhouse Gas Emissions.. Description: Convenes a Sustainable Aviation Fuel Task Force within the Hawaii natural energy institute to develop a state action plan to reduce the greenhouse gas intensity of international air transportation from Hawaii. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Honolulu Authority For Rapid Transportation.. Description: Grants voting rights to members of the board of directors of the Honolulu authority for rapid transportation appointed by the president of the senate or speaker of the house of representatives. Effective 5/6/2137. (SD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Education.. Description: Beginning with the 2022-2023 school year, requires the department of education to include the teaching of financial literacy in the personal/transition plan requirement for each student. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD2)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Autonomous Transportation.. Description: Establishes a permanent autonomous transportation task force to be placed in the department of transportation. (SD2)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The Comptroller.. Description: Expands the comptroller's duties to include the assessment of office space, including initiating, canceling, and renegotiating current and new leases, office space allocation, and telework infrastructure requirements for agencies and employees occupying facilities managed by the department of accounting and general services or in non-state facilities. Requires the comptroller to reduce the total square footage of space leased by the State by ten percent no later than 7/1/2026. Requires reports to the legislature. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Effective Government Operations.. Description: Requires the department of health to establish a two-year reorganization pilot project to reorganize the department of health's behavioral health services administration; environmental health administration; general administration, including the office of the director of health; and health resources administration. Requires the department of health to begin the reorganization pilot project with the reorganization of the behavioral health services administration. Effective 7/1/2060. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Burials.. Description: Includes the use of traditional Native Hawaiian burial practices in the treatment and disposal of human remains, including the use of alkaline hydrolysis. Requires the department of health to adopt rules. Effective 7/1/2060. (HD3)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Taxation.. Description: Allocates fixed amounts of the transient accommodations tax revenues to provide funding for the Bernice Pauahi Bishop Museum and Iolani Palace. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Education.. Description: Establishes a cannabinoid medicine program within the University of Hawaii, to be administered by the John A. Burns school of medicine. (SD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Animal Industry Special Fund.. Description: Adds new sources of revenue generated by the State Veterinary Laboratory and Animal Disease Control Branch that shall be deposited into the animal industry special fund. (SD2)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The Hawaii Community-based Economic Development Technical And Financial Assistance Program.. Description: Expands the eligibility of organizations that can receive Communitybased Economic Development (CBED) technical assistance from not just community-based organizations (non-profits), but also includes businesses, particularly those that currently have CBED loans or may apply for a CBED loan in the future. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Hemp.. Description: Part I: Redesignates the industrial hemp special fund as the hemp special fund for the department of agriculture's duties regarding hemp. Makes an appropriation. Part II: Amends chapter 328G, Hawaii Revised Statutes, to better distinguish processing and manufacturing, distinguish processed hemp and hemp products, clarify the purpose and functions of the registry system, clarify the scope of regulated hemp products and prohibitions, and clarify the department of health's rulemaking and enforcement authorities. Makes Act 14, Session Laws of Hawaii 2020, permanent. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Making An Emergency Appropriation To The Stadium Authority.. Description: Makes an emergency appropriation to provide funds for the Stadium Authority for payroll and other expenses. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Sunshine Law Boards.. Description: Authorizes boards to use interactive conference technology to remotely conduct meetings under the State's open meetings law. Amends the requirements for public notices of board meetings and for in-person board meetings held by interactive conference technology. Requires the Office of Information Practices to assess the implementation of meetings held using interactive conference technology and submit a report of its findings to the Legislature. Effective 1/1/2022. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Procurement.. Description: Establishes and appropriates moneys from the state procurement automation system special fund to fund the project management of the procurement automation system. Allows the state procurement administrator to set procedures for final decisions on investigations of procurement policy and compliance. Authorizes the state procurement administrator to assess and collect an administrative fee pursuant to chapter 91, Hawaii Revised Statutes, to cover the costs of the procurement automation system. Effective 7/1/2112. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Procurement.. Description: Requires purchasing agencies to make a written determination that the amount of a contracting action for purchases of health and human services is fair and reasonable. Amends the selection process and composition of the procurement policy board. Amends the circumstances for when treatment services may be purchased and the procedure to purchase such services. Increases the small purchase threshold. Repeals the establishment of the community council on purchase of health and human services. Establishes the state payor committee within the department of health to implement a unified framework for tracking, coordinating, and guiding the purchase of behavioral health, substance abuse, and homelessness services. Requires nongovernmental entities that contract for services relating to behavioral health, substance abuse, or homelessness services to disclose any sources of funding to perform such services. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Making Appropriations For Claims Against The State, Its Officers, Or Its Employees.. Description: Makes appropriations and approves payments for claims against the State, its officers, and its employees. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Covered Offender Registration.. Description: Repeals provision that allows persons designated as covered offenders in another state or jurisdiction to petition the attorney general for termination of registration requirements upon demonstrating that the out of state convictions are not covered offenses in the State of Hawaii. Requires certain long term visitors to Hawaii with out-of-state convictions to register. Clarifies how persons required to register can petition to terminate registration. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Criminal History Record Checks.. Description: Adds the department of the attorney general to the list of agencies that are authorized to conduct criminal history record checks on current or prospective employees or employees or agents of contractors who have access to federal tax information. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The Brownfields Cleanup Revolving Loan Fund.. Description: Enables use of moneys in the brownfields cleanup revolving fund for subgrants to eligible entities for assessment and cleanup of brownfields sites and certain site monitoring activities. (SD2)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Public Employment Cost Items.. Description: Appropriates and authorizes funds for collective bargaining cost items for the members of Unit (1) and their excluded counterparts, including the cost of salary adjustments negotiated between the State and the bargaining unit representative for fiscal biennium 2021-2023. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Public Employment Cost Items.. Description: Appropriates and authorizes funds for collective bargaining cost items for the members of unit (2) and their excluded counterparts, including the cost of salary adjustments negotiated between the State and the bargaining unit representative for fiscal biennium 2021-2023. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Public Employment Cost Items.. Description: Appropriates and authorizes funds for collective bargaining cost items for the members of Unit (3) and their excluded counterparts, including the cost of salary adjustments negotiated between the State and the bargaining unit representative for fiscal biennium 2021-2023. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Public Employment Cost Items.. Description: Appropriates and authorizes funds for collective bargaining cost items for the members of Unit (4) and their excluded counterparts, including the cost of salary adjustments negotiated between the State and the bargaining unit representative for fiscal biennium 2021-2023. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Public Employment Cost Items.. Description: Appropriates and authorizes funds for collective bargaining cost items for the members of Unit (5) and their excluded counterparts, including the cost of salary adjustments negotiated between the State and the bargaining unit representative for fiscal biennium 2021-2023. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Public Employment Cost Items.. Description: Appropriates and authorizes funds for collective bargaining cost items for the members of Unit (6) and their excluded counterparts, including the cost of salary adjustments negotiated between the State and the bargaining unit representative for fiscal biennium 2021-2023. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Public Employment Cost Items.. Description: Appropriates and authorizes funds for collective bargaining cost items for the members of Unit (7) and their excluded counterparts, including the cost of salary adjustments negotiated between the State and the bargaining unit representative for fiscal biennium 2021-2023. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Public Employment Cost Items.. Description: Appropriates and authorizes funds for collective bargaining cost items for the members of Unit (8) and their excluded counterparts, including the cost of salary adjustments negotiated between the State and the bargaining unit representative for fiscal biennium 2021-2023. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Public Employment Cost Items.. Description: Appropriates and authorizes funds for collective bargaining cost items for the members of Unit (9) and their excluded counterparts, including the cost of salary adjustments negotiated between the State and the bargaining unit representative for fiscal biennium 2021-2023. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Public Employment Cost Items.. Description: Appropriates and authorizes funds for collective bargaining cost items for the members of Unit (10) and their excluded counterparts, including the cost of salary adjustments negotiated between the State and the bargaining unit representative for fiscal biennium 2021-2023. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Public Employment Cost Items.. Description: Appropriates and authorizes funds for collective bargaining cost items for the members of Unit (11) and their excluded counterparts, including the cost of salary adjustments negotiated between the State and the bargaining unit representative for fiscal biennium 2021-2023. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Public Employment Cost Items.. Description: Appropriates and authorizes funds for collective bargaining cost items for the members of Unit (13) and their excluded counterparts, including the cost of salary adjustments negotiated between the State and the bargaining unit representative for fiscal biennium 2021-2023. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Public Employment Cost Items.. Description: Appropriates and authorizes funds for collective bargaining cost items for the members of Unit (14) and their excluded counterparts, including the cost of salary adjustments negotiated between the State and the bargaining unit representative for fiscal biennium 2021-2023. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Hawaii Employer-union Health Benefits Trust Fund.. Description: Suspends the requirement for public employers to make annual required contributions to the Hawaii employer-union health benefits trust fund through fiscal year 2024-2025. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To State Funds.. Description: Authorizes the transfer of moneys from various funds to the general fund. Appropriates funds for Na Wai Eha land acquisition. Repeals or abolishes various non-general funds and accounts and transfers the unencumbered balance to the general fund. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Dispositon Of Taxes.. Description: Suspends the requirement for disposition of the conveyance tax to the land conservation fund and the rental housing revolving fund for fiscal year 2021-2022 and fiscal year 2022-2023. Effective 7/1/2050. Sunsets 6/30/2023. (SD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Insurance.. Description: Institutes various consumer protections with regard to public adjusters, including requiring contractual terms and disclosures and granting a right to rescind. Imposes a standard of conduct on various entities. Authorizes the insurance commissioner to waive or modify certain fees by order. Reinstates the right to an administrative hearing and appeal from an order. Amends the Hawaii joint underwriting plan board of governors. Lowers the minimum nonforfeiture interest rate. Clarifies that rewards under wellness programs do not qualify as prohibited rebates. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Nondepository Trusts.. Description: Establishes provisions concerning nondepository trust companies. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The Regulatory Authority Of The Insurance Commissioner.. Description: Adopts certain provisions of the National Association of Insurance Commissioners' Producer Licensing Model Act, Public Adjuster Licensing Model Act, Reinsurance Intermediary Model Act, and Independent Adjuster Licensing Model Guidelines to provide consistency and promote efficiency in processing insurance licensing fees, applications, certificates, registrations, and renewals. Effective 1/1/2022. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Insurance Data Security.. Description: Adopts the National Association of Insurance Commissioners' Insurance Data Security Model Law to establish insurance data security standards for Hawaii insurance licensees. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Hurricane Preparedness.. Description: Establishes the safe home program to provide matching and nonmatching grants for installation of wind resistive devices to single-family, owner-occupied, residential properties in certain circumstances. Allocates a portion of the moneys earned through interest from the hurricane reserve trust fund for grants under the safe home program. Creates a temporary position within the insurance division of the department of commerce and consumer affairs to implement and administer the safe home program. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD2)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Mixed Martial Arts.. Description: Allows mixed martial arts promoters to compensate contestants and their managers in cash. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The Peer Review Oversight Committee.. Description: Clarifies the role of the board of public accountancy in selecting members to serve on the board's peer review oversight committee. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Contractors Recovery Fund.. Description: Increases the monetary amount an injured homeowner may recover from the contractors recovery fund. Effective 1/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Hawaii Emergency Management Agency.. Description: Establishes the hazard mitigation special fund for the Hawaii emergency management agency. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The State Disaster Recovery Program.. Description: Establishes the framework of the Hawaii state disaster recovery program, as overseen by the state disaster recovery coordinator. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Department Of Defense.. Description: Amends the minimum appointment eligibility requirement for the adjutant general to be an officer that holds or has held a commission of the rank of Colonel in the military grade of O6 or above in the Army or Air National Guard, state defense force, or the Army or Air Force active component of the United States or a reserve component thereof who has served as a commissioned officer for at least ten years, and has no administrative actions that would prevent promotion to the rank of a general officer in the military grade of O7 or O8. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Making Emergency Appropriations To The Department Of Defense Relating To Covid-19 Expenditures.. Description: Provides emergency appropriations in fiscal year 2020-2021 to the Department of Defense to continue funding for various COVID-19 response programs and activities. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Making An Emergency Appropriation To The Office Of The Governor Relating To Covid-19 Expenditures.. Description: Provides an emergency appropriation in an unspecified amount to the office of the governor in fiscal year 2020-2021 to continue funding for various COVID-19 response related programs and activities. Requires, before the expenditure of any funds by the office of the governor, for the establishment of a task force to develop recommendations on the roles and responsibilities of the department of the attorney general and the county police departments regarding COVID-19 emergency order enforcement. Requires the governor, before the expenditure of any funds, to establish a statewide tier system, to be deployed at the county level, that include clear metrics for allowable business activities, other allowable activities, and in-person gathering restrictions Appropriates funds to the department of the attorney general for enforcement of COVID-19 emergency orders and rules. Requires that should any project or program paid for by state funds become eligible for federal reimbursement, those federal funds shall be deposited into the general fund. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Housing.. Description: Exempts housing developed by the department of Hawaiian home lands from general excise taxes. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The County Boards Of Water Supply.. Description: Requires each board of water supply to transmit an accounting of all water credits held by the board to the department of Hawaiian home lands (DHHL). Allows DHHL to request unused and unallocated water credits from each board. Requires each board to develop policies that comply with the public trust doctrine to implement in case of water shortage. Adds a representative of DHHL to each county board of water supply. Effective 5/6/2137. (SD2)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Counties.. Description: Gives counties jurisdiction over the infrastructure of the Department of Hawaiian Home Lands housing developments in their boundaries under specific conditions. Requires counties, under specific conditions, to commence maintenance on that certain infrastructure within sixty days, subject to tolling to comply with certain other laws. Effective 5/6/2137. (SD2)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Making An Emergency Appropriation For The Department Of Human Services.. Description: Makes an emergency appropriation from the general revenues of the State of Hawaii for fiscal year 2020-2021 to address the budget shortfall for the general support for the general assistance program (HMS 204) in the department of human services. (HD2)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Office Of Youth Services.. Description: Permits individual vocational programs within the purview of the office of youth services to engage in commercial enterprises, including the sale of goods and services, for self-sustainability purposes, for young adults only. Establishes the office of youth services revolving fund. Requires the office of youth services to submit annual reports to the legislature on the fiscal transactions and expenses of each service or program. Requires the director of human services to conduct an audit of the office of youth services if the annual fiscal transactions and expenses reports are not submitted in a timely manner. Effective 7/1/2060. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Medicaid Sustainability Program.. Description: Establishes the Medicaid Sustainability Program for 2 years. Appropriates funds out of the Medicaid Sustainability Program Special Fund for fiscal years 2021-2022 and 2022-2023. Sunsets on 12/31/2023. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Adult Protective Services.. Description: Broadens the department of human services employees' right of entry into a vulnerable adult's premises without a warrant to investigate any type of abuse regardless of physical injury. Effective 5/6/2137. (SD2)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Spouse And Child Abuse Special Fund.. Description: Amends the spouse and child abuse special fund to allow up to an unspecified amount of federal reimbursements received from the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, Administration for Children and Families, in the year following the fiscal year in which Family First Prevention Services funds and the title IV-E funds were expended to be deposited and retained. Abolishes the spouse and child abuse special fund on 6/30/2026. Effective 7/1/2060. (HD2)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Office Of Healthcare Assurance Special Fund.. Description: Provides that the annual expenditure ceiling of the office of healthcare assurance special fund shall be established through the state budget process. Authorizes emergency spending beyond the established budget ceiling. Effective 7/1/2060. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The Office Of Medical Cannabis Control And Regulation.. Description: Authorizes the department of health to set patient registration fees by administrative rulemaking. Requires the office of medical cannabis control and regulation to convene a task force on the effect of legalization of cannabis on qualifying medical cannabis patients and report to the legislature. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Services For Kupuna.. Description: Includes in the kupuna caregivers program kupuna caregiver-directed services. Includes financial management service provider and additional duties for the coach. Allows for qualified caregivers to work less than 30 hours per week during a declared state of emergency. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Marriage License Fees.. Description: Increases the marriage license application fee to support the Hawaii birth defects program and operating costs of marriage license agents. Amends remittances of the increased fee to various special funds and accounts in unspecified amounts. Effective 7/1/2060. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Tobacco Products.. Description: Makes unlawful the sale of flavored tobacco products, mislabeling of e-liquid products containing nicotine, and sale of tobacco products other than through retail sales via in-person exchange. Establishes the offense of unlawful shipment of tobacco products. Includes e-liquid and electronic smoking devices within the definition of "tobacco products", as used in the cigarette tax and tobacco tax law. Increases the license fee for persons engaged as a wholesaler or dealer of cigarettes and tobacco products. Increases the retail tobacco permit fee for retailers engaged in the retail sale of cigarettes and tobacco products. Repeals certain provisions of the Hawaii Revised Statutes relating to electronic smoking devices. Provides for the disposition of fines paid for the unlawful shipment of tobacco products into the Hawaii Tobacco Prevention and Control Trust Fund. Effective 1/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Dietitian Licensure Special Fund.. Description: Removes the statutory spending ceiling for the Dietitian Licensure Special Fund and establishes the ceiling through the state budgeting process to meet expanding program needs and diminish dependence on the general fund. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Skilled Nursing Facility Licensing.. Description: Authorizes the department of health to recognize national accreditation or certification organizations. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Making An Emergency Appropriation To The Department Of Health For The Emergency Medical Services And Injury Prevention System Branch.. Description: Makes an emergency appropriation to provide funds for the state comprehensive emergency medical system for expenses related to collective bargaining and other current expenses. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Making An Emergency Appropriation To The Department Of Health.. Description: Makes emergency appropriations to the department of health provide funds for supplies, personnel, equipment, and related efforts to implement the State's COVID-19 vaccination plan and other COVID-19 related expenses. Requires that should any project or program paid for by state funds become eligible for federal reimbursement, those federal funds shall be deposited into the general fund. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Making Emergency Appropriations To The Department Of Health Relating To Covid-19 Expenditures.. Description: Provides emergency appropriations in fiscal year 2020-2021 to the Department of Health to continue funding for various COVID-19 response related programs and activities. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Employment Security.. Description: Appropriates unspecified sums of general fund revenues for fiscal years 2021-2022 and 2022-2023 for the purpose of reimbursing the federal government for moneys lent to the State for the payment of unemployment benefit claims. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Forest Stewardship.. Description: Clarifies conditions that must be met by applicants to receive funds under the forest stewardship program administered by the board of land and natural resources. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Ocean Recreation Commercial Permits.. Description: Authorizes the department of land and natural resources to issue new ocean recreation commercial permits at public auction. (SD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Rentals For Public Land Leases.. Description: Authorizes the board of land and natural resources to approve rental reductions or waivers for leases on public lands that require substantial demolition or infrastructure improvement costs for the lessee to utilize the premises. Sunsets 6/30/2026. (HD2)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Ocean Stewardship.. Description: Establishes the ocean stewardship special fund and ocean stewardship user fee for the conservation, restoration, and enhancement of the State's marine resources. Sunsets the special fund on 6/30/2030. Delays collection of the ocean stewardship user fee until 1/1/2024. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Funding For The Division Of Conservation And Resources Enforcement.. Description: Allocates a portion of the Conveyance Tax to the Division of Conservation and Resources Enforcement of the Department of Land and Natural Resources to partially cover operational costs related to upholding the laws that serve to protect, conserve, and manage Hawaii's unique and limited natural, cultural, and historic resources. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Making An Emergency Appropriation To The Department Of Public Safety.. Description: Makes an emergency appropriation to provide funds for the department of public safety to cover the costs of the personnel services shortfall at all correctional institutions statewide and health care services. (HD2)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Electronic Prescription Accountability System.. Description: Updates chapter 329, Hawaii Revised Statutes, to clarify who may access information stored in the electronic prescription accountability system. (SD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Electronic Prescription Accountability System.. Description: Amends section 329-101(b) and (d), Hawaii Revised Statutes, to require that the dispensing of a pharmacist-prescribed opioid antagonist be reported to the State's Electronic Prescription Accountability System. (SD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Making Emergency Appropriations To The Department Of Public Safety Relating To Covid-19 Expenditures.. Description: Provides emergency appropriations in fiscal year 2020-2021 to the department of public safety to continue funding for various COVID-19 response related programs and activities. (HD2)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Withholding Tax.. Description: Amends the due date for employers to file the wage and tax statement from the last day of February to January 31 following the close of the calendar year. Imposes a penalty on employers that fail to timely furnish and file the wage and tax statement. Effective 1/1/2022. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Tax Administration.. Description: Allows the department of taxation to mandate the electronic filing of certain partnership, S-corporation, and individual tax returns. Requires certain tax return preparers to file returns electronically. Amends the rules for filing and payment of taxes by electronic funds transfer. Requires electronic funds transfers for tax return preparers and any person subject to mandatory electronic filing. Removes the timeliness requirement from the electronic funds transfer penalty. Removes the authority of the department of taxation to charge for certified copies of tax clearances. Authorizes the limited disclosure of liquor licensees' tax clearances. Clarifies the interest rate for payments made to taxpayers out of the litigated claims fund. Expands the permissible uses of the tax administration special fund. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Taxation.. Description: Makes various technical amendments to fuel, liquor, cigarette, and tobacco tax laws. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Title 14, Hawaii Revised Statutes.. Description: Amends title 14, Hawaii Revised Statutes, to make nonsubstantive changes for clarity and to delete obsolete provisions. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Tax Appeals.. Description: Replaces the four district tax boards of review with a single statewide taxation board of review appointed by the governor, consisting of ten members with three required for quorum. Authorizes taxpayers and others appearing before the board to participate using cost-efficient means such as teleconferencing. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Procurement.. Description: Allows the head of a purchasing agency to obtain emergency procurements in certain situations that create a threat to life, public health, welfare, public property, or serous disruption to government services, including situations caused by equipment failures. Replaces Chief Procurement Officer approval with an accounting report to the Chief Procurement Officer in a timely manner and to the Legislature within sixty days after the end of the fiscal year in which the procurement was made. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Motor Vehicle Registration.. Description: Requires resolution of an outstanding federal out-of-service order prior to registration renewals and initial registrations of motor carrier vehicles. Defines "out-of-service order". (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Commercial Driver's Licenses.. Description: Adds a requirement for certain commercial driver's license applicants to complete an entry-level driver training course before taking a skills test for licensure. Exempts applicants holding a valid commercial learner's permit or commercial driver's license obtained prior to February 7, 2022. Effective 1/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Criminal History Record Checks.. Description: Adds the University of Hawaii to the list of agencies that are authorized to conduct criminal history record checks on current or prospective employees, whose positions or duties are related to the security of campus facilities and persons. (SD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The Conference Center Revolving Fund.. Description: Expands the scope of the conference center revolving fund for the University of Hawaii at Hilo. Authorizes the chancellor of the University of Hawaii at Hilo to expend funds from the revolving fund. Exempts the expenditure of moneys from the fund from bidding requirements under the Hawaii public procurement code. Requires the chancellor of the University of Hawaii at Hilo to submit annual reports of the revolving fund to the legislature. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The University Of Hawaii Board Of Regents Independent Audit Committee.. Description: PART I - Allows the chairperson of the independent audit committee (IAC) of the University of Hawaii board of regents to be selected in a manner consistent with its bylaws. Clarifies that the responsibility of the IAC as to the university's enterprise risk management is to oversee, rather than engage in the pertinent operations. Exempts from chapter 91 and part I of chapter 92, HRS, discussions between the IAC and internal or external auditors on matters that should remain confidential in accordance with nationally recognized best practices for independent audit committees. Allows the IAC chairperson to determine whether IAC discussions that are exempt from chapter 91 and part I of chapter 92, HRS, may be held without the presence of the president or the chief financial officer of the university. PART II  Requires the IAC to report to the board of regents significant issues pertaining to university operations and programs found in audit reports that warrant corrective or remedial action. Requires the board of regents to ensure that necessary actions are implemented, and the underlying significant issue is appropriately corrected and remedied. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Telehealth.. Description: Authorizes the establishment of a physician-patient relationship via a telehealth interaction, if the physician is licensed to practice medicine in the State. Effective 7/1/2060. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Statewide Health Planning.. Description: Authorizes either the State Health Planning and Development Agency or the Department of Health to deploy statewide health planning and resource development programs and resources. Provides that any money in the state health planning and development special fund in excess of $2,000,000 shall lapse to the general fund. Effective 7/1/2050. Department of Health's duty to deploy programs and resources repeals 6/30/2026. (SD2)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Pandemic Response.. Description: Authorizes use of funds appropriated from the emergency and budget reserve fund, from the amounts received by the State from the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (CARES) Act, for the purchase and distribution of personal protective equipment, industrial hygiene products, and coronavirus disease 2019 tests to state departments and attached agencies. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Taxation.. Description: Reduces the cap amounts of the renewable energy technologies income tax credit. Applies to taxable years beginning after 12/31/2021. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Tax Conformity.. Description: Requires the State to conform to those provisions of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2021, relating to taxable income and deductible expenses. Effective 1/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Trauma-informed Care.. Description: Establishes a trauma-informed care task force within the department of health to make recommendations of trauma-informed care in the State. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Phaseout Of Private Correctional Facilities.. Description: Requires the Hawaii correctional oversight commission to create a comprehensive plan to phase out the use of private correctional institutions. Prohibits the construction of new correctional facilities and the expansion of existing correctional facilities without first obtaining input and recommendations of the Hawaii correctional system oversight commission. Effective 7/1/3050. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Agricultural Enterprises.. Description: Authorizes the department of agriculture to plan, design, construct, operate, manage, maintain, repair, demolish, and remove infrastructure on any lands under the jurisdiction of the department, to support and promote agriculture. Establishes the agricultural enterprise program. Establishes the agricultural enterprise special fund. Requires the board of agriculture to annually report an accounting of non-agricultural park lessees to the legislature. (SD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Emergency Food Management.. Description: Establishes the Hawaii emergency food assistance program and Hawaii emergency food assistance program special fund to be administered by the department of agriculture and appropriates moneys into the fund to provide food to certain residents during governor-declared states of emergency. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Hawaii Farm To School Program.. Description: Requires the Department of Education to meet the local farm to school meal goal of fifteen per cent of food served in public schools to be locally sourced by 2025 and thirty per cent by 2030. Requires the Department of Education to report to the Legislature. (SD2)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Criminal Pretrial Reform.. Description: Eliminates the use of monetary bail and requires defendants to be released on their own recognizance for traffic offenses; violations; and nonviolent petty misdemeanor, misdemeanor, and class C felony offenses, with certain exceptions. Effective 7/1/3021. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The Workforce Development Council.. Description: Replaces the Director of Human Services with the Administrator of the Division of Vocational Rehabilitation, Department of Human Services, as an ex officio, voting member on the Workforce Development Council.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Early Learning.. Description: Establishes an early childhood educator stipend program to be administered by the executive office on early learning to address the shortage of qualified early childhood educators in Hawaii. Requires stipend fund repayments for the early childhood educator stipend program to be deposited into the early learning special fund. Effective 7/1/2051. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Public Employees.. Description: Requires each state government branch, and authorizes each county, to establish a shared leave program for state employees. Precludes state government branches and applicable counties from prohibiting leave sharing between employees of different departments or bargaining units because of administrative infeasibility. Allows a public employee to designate beneficiaries to the employee's unpaid vacation allowance and wages through a statement that is not verified or written. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Medical Facilities.. Description: Requires any Hawaii health systems corporation hospital in a county with an area greater than four thousand square miles that serves Compact of Free Association benefit recipients to establish diversity and inclusion training for all staff, and to hire interpreters and community health care workers as necessary to bridge the language and cultural divide with the community. Requires the Hawaii health systems corporation to provide oversight and enforcement. Requires the Hawaii health systems corporation to provide a report to the legislature. Effective 7/1/2060. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Making An Appropriation To The Office Of The Prosecuting Attorney For Hawaii County.. Description: Appropriates funds to the office of the prosecuting attorney for Hawaii county for the career criminal prosecution unit. Effective 7/1/3021. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Food Services Branch.. Description: Requires the department of education food services branch to coordinate with the principals and vice principals of department schools to determine which school meal program offered by the USDA is the best fit for the student body and campus of each school.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Elections.. Description: Requires the elections commission to, in consultation with the clerk of each county, perform an assessment of whether the election watcher and election observer programs are adequate and, if not, what adjustments are necessary to improve the programs. Requires a report of the assessment to the legislature. (SD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Transportation.. Description: Includes autocycles equipped with handlebars in the definition of motorcycle in the Hawaii Safety Act. Exempts motorcycles and motor scooters with a roll bar or roll cage from the safety helmet requirement. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Issuance Of Special Purpose Revenue Bonds To Assist Mauigrown Coffee, Inc.. Description: Extends the authorization to issue special purpose revenue bonds to assist MauiGrown Coffee, Inc., with the operation and expansion of its farm and mill. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Department Of Accounting And General Services.. Description: Requires the department of accounting and general services to establish and manage automotive support for work-related travel by employees of the State to minimize the size of motor pools. (SD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Information Technology Projects.. Description: Establishes an information technology modernization program management office within the office of enterprise technology services to provide guidance and support to major information technology projects. Effective 7/1/2060. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Sustainable Schools.. Description: Requires the department of education to establish food waste and zero-emission vehicle goals as part of the sustainable schools initiative. Requires an annual report to the legislature. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Sport Fish.. Description: Requires the division of aquatic resources of the department of land and natural resources to establish a pilot project to restock the Wahiawa public fishing area with northern largemouth bass, butterfly peacock bass, or both by 1/1/2023; provided that the board of agriculture places both species of bass on the list of restricted animals that require a permit for import and possession. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Regenerative Tourism.. Description: Incorporates a regenerative framework into the State Planning Act by establishing objectives and policies for the visitor industry. (SD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Department Of Hawaiian Home Lands.. Description: Requires the department of Hawaiian home lands to develop a strategic plan to devise and implement long-term solutions for eliminating the waiting list for a home land lease with an emphasis on leveraging its trust resources, statutory powers, and other means of state funding and support to focus on lot development and distribution. The plans shall be based on a comprehensive assessment of the needs of the waitlist and with beneficiary consultation. Effective 7/1/3021. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Statutory Revision: Amending Or Repealing Various Provisions Of The Hawaii Revised Statutes Or The Session Laws Of Hawaii For The Purposes Of Correcting Errors And References, Clarifying Language, Or Deleting Obsolete Or Unnecessary Provisions.. Description: Amends or repeals various provisions of the Hawaii Revised Statutes or the Session Laws of Hawaii for the purposes of correcting errors and references, clarifying language, or deleting obsolete or unnecessary provisions. (SD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Procurement.. Description: Requires procurement protests to be addressed as expeditiously as possible. Establishes time limits to resolve certain procurement protests. Amends the cash or protest bond amount for parties initiating administrative proceedings for review of certain protest decisions. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Uniform Controlled Substances Act.. Description: Updates the Uniform Controlled Substances Act to be consistent with amendments in the federal controlled substances law. Exempts hemp from the Uniform Controlled Substances Act. Removes cannabidiol drugs that have been approved by the United States Food and Drug Administration from the list of Schedule V substances and certain provisions of the Hawaii Penal Code. Effective 1/1/2050. (HD2)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Hawaii Community Development Authority.. Description: Allows the raising of the building height limit for two of the six parcels owned by the office of Hawaiian affairs in the Kakaako Makai area to four hundred feet. Lifts the current restriction against residential development in Kakaako Makai to allow residential development by the office of Hawaiian affairs or by third parties to which the office of Hawaiian affairs conveys the parcels. Requires the office of Hawaiian affairs and any developer to provide written notice to any tenant or resident of potential aircraft related nuisances before entering into a lease, and to assess and propose mitigation efforts to address aircraft related nuisances in development plans and proposals. Effective 5/6/2137. (SD2)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Housing Density.. Description: Authorizes counties to establish a block-level upzoning program to allow homeowners within a block located in an urban district to vote to increase the housing density for their respective block. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Emergency Medical Services.. Description: Authorizes the Hawaii medical board to license emergency ambulance service personnel. Creates an additional licensure category for emergency medical technicians 1 who are certified at a higher practice level than emergency medical technicians but do not provide ambulance services. Appropriates funds from the compliance resolution fund for hiring a 0.5 full-time equivalent (0.5 FTE) permanent position. Effective 7/1/2021. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Illegal Gambling.. Description: Includes under the offense of promoting gambling in the first degree the act of engaging in activities in which a persons receives or entertains other persons as guests with the intent of advancing gambling activity on real property. Effective 1/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Hawaiian Homes Commission Act.. Description: Removes acreage restrictions on leases of Hawaiian home lands for agricultural purposes. Provides that the availability of the foregoing leases shall be subject to the availability of suitable tracts of land. Specifies that the foregoing leases may be for for-profit or non-profit purposes. Effective date is May 6, 2037. (SD2)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Food Sustainability.. Description: Requires the department of agriculture, in coordination with the office of planning, to prepare and periodically update the state agriculture functional plan to include other agricultural economic updates, including seafood sustainability, that expand the State's priority on food by including wild seafood as a viable food source. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To State Government.. Description: Part I: Extends the deferment of further implementation of the executive and judicial branch salary increases as well as planned raises for members of the legislature. Effective 6/29/2021. Part II: Establishes public notice requirements for short form public notices of reapportionment plans. Temporarily amends the start date for the availability of nomination papers for 2022 primary election. Defines "permanent resident" for legislative reapportionment purposes. Authorizes and appropriates funds to the reapportionment commission. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Hawaii State Energy Office.. Description: Expands the duties of the Hawaii State Energy Office. Transfers certain duties relating to energy efficiency, renewable energy, energy resilience, and clean transportation related incentives, programs, and goals from the Chief Energy Officer to the Hawaii State Energy Office. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Airfields.. Description: Creates the Kawaihapai Airfield Revitalization Task Force to keep Kawaihapai Airfield open, provided that necessary issues are addressed. Requires the task force to report to the legislature. Effective 5/6/2137. Sunsets on June 30, 2022. (SD2)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Education.. Description: Provides that the prohibition against serving two consecutive terms not to exceed eight consecutive years shall not apply to the term of the representative of Hawaiian medium early learning providers on the early learning board. Repeals on June 30, 2025. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Education.. Description: Requires the department of education to develop a reorganization plan to provide students and schools with centralized transportation services. Requires the department of education to develop a plan to provide students with more locally produced food. Requires the department of education to report to the legislature. Effective 7/1/2051. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Microchip Identification.. Description: Requires dog and cat owners to microchip their pets. Takes effect 1/1/2022. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The State Of Hawaii Department Of Defense To Continue To Operate The Hawaii National Guard Youth Challenge Academy Hilo Campus.. Description: Urging The State Of Hawaii Department Of Defense To Continue To Operate The Hawaii National Guard Youth Challenge Academy Hilo Campus.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Landlord-tenant Code.. Description: Extends the required period for a notice of summary possession from five business days to fifteen calendar days. Requires landlords to provide notice with specified terms to a tenant and enter into mediation with the tenant. Delays when a landlord may seek possession of a dwelling unit if the tenant schedules or attempts to schedule mediation. Requires landlords to provide the notice to mediation centers that offer free mediation for residential landlord-tenant disputes. Restricts when a landlord may exercise these remedies depending on the number of days that have elapsed following the expiration date of the governor's final eviction moratorium and the amount of rent due. Appropriates funds for the judiciary to contract for mediation services. Repeals 12/31/2022, or one year after expiration of the governor's final eviction moratorium emergency supplementary proclamation related to the coronavirus disease 2019 pandemic, whichever is sooner. Effective 5/6/2137. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Procurement.. Description: Authorizes the procurement policy board to adopt specific rules relating to life-cycle cost analysis. Effective 7/1/2112. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Boards And Commissions.. Description: Requires the governor to appoint an individual to fill a vacancy within all boards and commissions within one hundred eighty days. Specifies that holdover appointments are limited to one hundred eighty days, after which time a vacancy is created on the board or commission. Requires department heads to inform the governor of any vacancy in any board or commission. Requires an outgoing governor to provide the governor-elect with an up-to-date list of information about boards and commissions. Effective 7/1/2112. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The United States Senate And President Joseph R. Biden To Enact The Protecting The Right To Organize Act.. Description: Urging The United States Senate And President Joseph R. Biden To Enact The Protecting The Right To Organize Act.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Transportation.. Description: Requires the department of transportation to report on the complete streets policy and principles. Requires the department of transportation to establish standards relating to safe travel along state roadways and a complete streets checklist. Requires the director of transportation to provide training for maintenance staff in complete street policies, principles, and implementation procedures. Requires counties to consider complete street policies when adopting or amending land use ordinances. Effective 5/6/2137. (HD2)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Transportation.. Description: Requires the department of transportation to create motor vehicle, bicycle, and pedestrian highway and pathway networks. Creates annual reporting requirements. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Special Purpose Revenue Bonds For The Honokea Surf Village.. Description: Authorizes the issuance of special purpose revenue bonds to assist HK Management LLC, in planning, designing, constructing, reconstructing, renovating, acquiring, equipping, and improving surf industry center facilities. (CD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Schools.. Description: Appropriates funds for the Department of Education to install air conditioning in public schools that prioritize the project. (HB247 HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Hawaiian Language.. Description: Requires the governor, lieutenant governor, state legislators, and heads of principal departments to prominently display a Hawaiian language translation of the name of their respective office or department at least once on the main page of their official website and in the letterhead of their stationery. Requires all letterheads, documents, state highway signs, symbols, and emblems of the State and other political subdivisions that include Hawaiian names or words to include consistent Hawaiian names, spelling, and punctuation, including the use of kahako and okina. Establishes references for consistent Hawaiian names and words, including consistent Hawaiian spelling and punctuation. Clarifies that the full text of bills and other official documents are not required to be written in Hawaiian and that inconsistently spelled or punctuated Hawaiian words and names shall not invalidate the documents or render them unenforceable and no cause of action shall arise accordingly. Effective 7/1/2060. (HD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Dual Use Technology.. Description: Creates a dual use technology task force within the department of business, economic development, and tourism to explore how dual use technology can be used to promote economic recovery and diversify the State's economy. Requires the task force to submit reports to the legislature prior to the regular sessions of 2023 and 2025. (CD1)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Hawaii State Commission On The Status Of Women To Convene A Task Force To Study Missing And Murdered Native Hawaiian Women And Girls.. Description: Requesting The Hawaii State Commission On The Status Of Women To Convene A Task Force To Study Missing And Murdered Native Hawaiian Women And Girls.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Stadium Development District.. Description: Establishes the stadium development district special fund. Provides for the sunset of the stadium special fund. Revises the general development guidance policies for the stadium development district and clarifies the respective roles of the stadium authority and Hawaii community development authority in the development of the stadium development district. Broadens the powers and duties of the stadium authority, including authorizing the stadium authority to acquire and hold title to real property. Exempts land to which the stadium authority holds title from the definition of "public lands." Authorizes the stadium authority, with approval from the governor, to delegate to other state agencies implementation of capital improvement projects, under certain conditions. Increases the representation of the stadium authority by adding 2 members to its membership. Authorizes the Hawaii community development authority to use its special facilities powers to assist in the development of projects led by other public agencies. Amends the general obligation bond authorization made by Act 268, SLH 2019. Makes the financial disclosures of members of the stadium authority public records pursuant to section 84-17(d), HRS. (SD2)
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Electing The Temporary Chair Of The House Of Representatives Of The Thirty-first Legislature.. Description: Electing The Temporary Chair Of The House Of Representatives Of The Thirty-first Legislature.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Electing The Speaker And Vice Speaker Of The House Of Representatives Of The Thirty-first Legislature.. Description: Electing The Speaker And Vice Speaker Of The House Of Representatives Of The Thirty-first Legislature.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Electing The Officers Of The House Of Representatives Of The Thirty-first Legislature.. Description: Electing The Officers Of The House Of Representatives Of The Thirty-first Legislature.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Acknowledging And Recognizing The Majority Caucus Leaders And Naming The Chairs, Vice Chairs, And Members Of The Standing Committees Of The House Of Representatives Of The Thirty-first Legislature.. Description: Acknowledging And Recognizing The Majority Caucus Leaders And Naming The Chairs, Vice Chairs, And Members Of The Standing Committees Of The House Of Representatives Of The Thirty-first Legislature.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Communicating That The House Of Representatives Of The Thirty-first Legislature Has Assembled And Is Ready To Transact Business.. Description: Communicating That The House Of Representatives Of The Thirty-first Legislature Has Assembled And Is Ready To Transact Business.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Legislative Reference Bureau, In Consultation With The John A. Burns School Of Medicine At The University Of Hawaii At Manoa And Department Of Health, To Conduct A Study On The Cumulative Health Effects Of Persistent Urban Noise In Honolulu.. Description: Requesting The Legislative Reference Bureau, In Consultation With The John A. Burns School Of Medicine At The University Of Hawaii At Manoa And Department Of Health, To Conduct A Study On The Cumulative Health Effects Of Persistent Urban Noise In Honolulu.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Board Of Education And Department Of Education To Elevate Hawaiian Language And Cultural Education In Public High Schools By Expanding Access To Hawaiian Language And Cultural Classes That Fulfill Core Requirements Throughout Secondary Education.. Description: Urging The Board Of Education And Department Of Education To Elevate Hawaiian Language And Cultural Education In Public High Schools By Expanding Access To Hawaiian Language And Cultural Classes That Fulfill Core Requirements Throughout Secondary Education.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Board Of Education And Department Of Education To Support And Implement Community Schools As A Strategy For Increasing Access To A High-quality Education.. Description: Urging The Board Of Education And Department Of Education To Support And Implement Community Schools As A Strategy For Increasing Access To A High-quality Education.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The United States Congress To Consent To The Enactment Of Act 80, Session Laws Of Hawaii 2017.. Description: Requesting The United States Congress To Consent To The Enactment Of Act 80, Session Laws Of Hawaii 2017.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Adopting The Rules Of The House Of Representatives Of The Thirty-first Legislature, Including The Operating Procedures For The Select Committee On Standards Of Conduct.. Description: Adopting The Rules Of The House Of Representatives Of The Thirty-first Legislature, Including The Operating Procedures For The Select Committee On Standards Of Conduct.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Adopting The House Administrative And Financial Manual Of The House Of Representatives Of The Thirty-first Legislature.. Description: Adopting The House Administrative And Financial Manual Of The House Of Representatives Of The Thirty-first Legislature.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Allowing Members Of The House Of Representatives To Participate In Floor Sessions Remotely Under Certain Circumstances.. Description: Allowing Members Of The House Of Representatives To Participate In Floor Sessions Remotely Under Certain Circumstances.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Department Of Health's Environmental Management Division To Ensure That Destinations To Which The State's Recyclable Waste Is Transported For Out-of-state Processing Abide By The Environmental Standards As Outlined By The Basel Convention.. Description: Urging The Department Of Health's Environmental Management Division To Ensure That Destinations To Which The State's Recyclable Waste Is Transported For Out-of-state Processing Abide By The Environmental Standards As Outlined By The Basel Convention.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Land And Natural Resources To Establish A Community Advisory Committee For Polihale State Park On The Island Of Kauai.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Land And Natural Resources To Establish A Community Advisory Committee For Polihale State Park On The Island Of Kauai.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Department Of Education To Develop And Implement A Program To Recruit And Employ Qualified Blind Persons To Serve As Orientation And Mobility Instructors And In Other Positions As Teachers Of Visually Impaired Students.. Description: Urging The Department Of Education To Develop And Implement A Program To Recruit And Employ Qualified Blind Persons To Serve As Orientation And Mobility Instructors And In Other Positions As Teachers Of Visually Impaired Students.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Strongly Urging The United States Military To Clean Up Munitions And Explosives Of Concern In Hawaii Under The Military Munitions Response Program.. Description: Strongly Urging The United States Military To Clean Up Munitions And Explosives Of Concern In Hawaii Under The Military Munitions Response Program.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Transportation And Kauai Department Of Public Works To Conduct A Study To Identify And Recommend Methods To Alleviate Traffic Congestion At Certain Intersections Along The Kaumualii Highway.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Transportation And Kauai Department Of Public Works To Conduct A Study To Identify And Recommend Methods To Alleviate Traffic Congestion At Certain Intersections Along The Kaumualii Highway.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Caucus Leaders And Committee Membership Of The House Of Representatives Of The Thirty-first Legislature.. Description: Relating To Caucus Leaders And Committee Membership Of The House Of Representatives Of The Thirty-first Legislature.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Convening A Working Group To Develop Recommendations For A Governance And Management Structure For Mauna Kea.. Description: Convening A Working Group To Develop Recommendations For A Governance And Management Structure For Mauna Kea.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging United States President Joseph R. Biden, Jr., And The Asiapacific Economic Cooperation To Hold The 2023 Asiapacific Economic Cooperation Summit In Honolulu, Hawaii.. Description: Urging United States President Joseph R. Biden, Jr., And The Asiapacific Economic Cooperation To Hold The 2023 Asiapacific Economic Cooperation Summit In Honolulu, Hawaii.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The United States Congress To Grant Additional Authority To The Federal Communications Commission To Stop Unwanted And Illegal Robocalls.. Description: Urging The United States Congress To Grant Additional Authority To The Federal Communications Commission To Stop Unwanted And Illegal Robocalls.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Encouraging The City And County Of Honolulu To Plan For The Necessary Improvements To, And Revitalization Of, Hans L'orange Park.. Description: Encouraging The City And County Of Honolulu To Plan For The Necessary Improvements To, And Revitalization Of, Hans L'orange Park.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The United States Congress And President Of The United States To Enact The Protecting The Right To Organize Act Of 2021 As Expeditiously As Possible.. Description: Urging The United States Congress And President Of The United States To Enact The Protecting The Right To Organize Act Of 2021 As Expeditiously As Possible.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Recognizing And Supporting Ongoing Collaborative Efforts To Implement A Statewide Strategy To Eliminate Viral Hepatitis Types A, B, And C In Hawaii.. Description: Recognizing And Supporting Ongoing Collaborative Efforts To Implement A Statewide Strategy To Eliminate Viral Hepatitis Types A, B, And C In Hawaii.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging State Departments And Attached Agencies To Train Their Boards And Commissions.. Description: Urging State Departments And Attached Agencies To Train Their Boards And Commissions.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Education To Create A Landscape Management Plan With Goals To Increase Tree Canopies On Public School Grounds, Document Existing Inventory And Talent, And Identify Additional Resources Required To Implement And Sustain The Plan.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Education To Create A Landscape Management Plan With Goals To Increase Tree Canopies On Public School Grounds, Document Existing Inventory And Talent, And Identify Additional Resources Required To Implement And Sustain The Plan.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Designating September 2021 As Suicide Prevention And Action Month.. Description: Designating September 2021 As Suicide Prevention And Action Month.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Land And Natural Resources To Submit A Petition To List The Pueo As A Threatened Or Endangered Species Under The Endangered Species Act.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Land And Natural Resources To Submit A Petition To List The Pueo As A Threatened Or Endangered Species Under The Endangered Species Act.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Land And Natural Resources To Convene A Working Group To Assess The Status Of Act 14, Special Session Laws Of Hawaii 1995.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Land And Natural Resources To Convene A Working Group To Assess The Status Of Act 14, Special Session Laws Of Hawaii 1995.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Transportation Services Of The City And County Of Honolulu To Conduct A Traffic Safety Analysis Regarding The Implementation Of Traffic Calming Systems Throughout State House District 38.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Transportation Services Of The City And County Of Honolulu To Conduct A Traffic Safety Analysis Regarding The Implementation Of Traffic Calming Systems Throughout State House District 38.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The United States Food And Drug Administration To Promote Transparency And Enforcement By Providing Individual Premarket Tobacco Product Application Applicant Information Of Hawaii Sellers To The Department Of The Attorney General For Law Enforcement Purposes.. Description: Requesting The United States Food And Drug Administration To Promote Transparency And Enforcement By Providing Individual Premarket Tobacco Product Application Applicant Information Of Hawaii Sellers To The Department Of The Attorney General For Law Enforcement Purposes.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The United States Congress, Federal Aviation Administration, And Hawaii Department Of Transportation To Take Every Action Necessary To Address Rapidly Increasing Safety Risks And Community Disruption Resulting From Insufficient Regulation Of Rapidly Increasing Operations Of Tour Helicopters And Small Aircraft Throughout Hawaii Skies.. Description: Urging The United States Congress, Federal Aviation Administration, And Hawaii Department Of Transportation To Take Every Action Necessary To Address Rapidly Increasing Safety Risks And Community Disruption Resulting From Insufficient Regulation Of Rapidly Increasing Operations Of Tour Helicopters And Small Aircraft Throughout Hawaii Skies.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Hawaii Community Foundation To Convene A Working Group To Develop A Public-private Partnership Model To Prepare For Hawaii's Post-pandemic Recovery.. Description: Requesting The Hawaii Community Foundation To Convene A Working Group To Develop A Public-private Partnership Model To Prepare For Hawaii's Post-pandemic Recovery.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Hawaii Emergency Management Agency Convene A Resiliency Health Disaster Task Force To Develop A Coordinated Statewide Resiliency Health Disaster Plan.. Description: Requesting The Hawaii Emergency Management Agency Convene A Resiliency Health Disaster Task Force To Develop A Coordinated Statewide Resiliency Health Disaster Plan.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging Hawaii Helicopter Companies To Avoid Conducting Nonemergency Flights Over Residential Neighborhoods.. Description: Urging Hawaii Helicopter Companies To Avoid Conducting Nonemergency Flights Over Residential Neighborhoods.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The City And County Of Honolulu, In Conjunction With The United States Army Corps Of Engineers, To Develop A Comprehensive Plan To Regularly Drain And Clear Streams And Canals That Flow In Residential Areas In Waiahole, Haleiwa, Waialua, Kaneohe, And Other Koolauloa Communities.. Description: Requesting The City And County Of Honolulu, In Conjunction With The United States Army Corps Of Engineers, To Develop A Comprehensive Plan To Regularly Drain And Clear Streams And Canals That Flow In Residential Areas In Waiahole, Haleiwa, Waialua, Kaneohe, And Other Koolauloa Communities.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of The Attorney General To Develop And Implement A Program To Prevent, And To Assist Victims Of, Human Trafficking And Child Commercial Sexual Exploitation.. Description: Requesting The Department Of The Attorney General To Develop And Implement A Program To Prevent, And To Assist Victims Of, Human Trafficking And Child Commercial Sexual Exploitation.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Office Of Planning, In Collaboration With Various Agencies, To Develop A Plan To Establish A State Geological Survey In Hawaii.. Description: Requesting The Office Of Planning, In Collaboration With Various Agencies, To Develop A Plan To Establish A State Geological Survey In Hawaii.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Director Of Labor And Industrial Relations To Convene A Task Force To Study, Design, And Develop A Paid Family Leave Pilot Program.. Description: Requesting The Director Of Labor And Industrial Relations To Convene A Task Force To Study, Design, And Develop A Paid Family Leave Pilot Program.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Declaring Racism As A Public Health Crisis.. Description: Declaring Racism As A Public Health Crisis.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Commerce And Consumer Affairs, Following The Completion Of The Department Of Commerce And Consumer Affairs' Division Of Financial Institutions' And Hawaii Technology Development Corporation's Study, To Reconsider Its 2016 Ruling On Asset Reserve Requirements For Digital Currency Companies, Virtual Currency Companies, And Cryptocurrency Companies To Conduct Business In Hawaii And To Align The State's Asset Reserve Requirements For These Companies With The Asset Reserve Requirements In Other States.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Commerce And Consumer Affairs, Following The Completion Of The Department Of Commerce And Consumer Affairs' Division Of Financial Institutions' And Hawaii Technology Development Corporation's Study, To Reconsider Its 2016 Ruling On Asset Reserve Requirements For Digital Currency Companies, Virtual Currency Companies, And Cryptocurrency Companies To Conduct Business In Hawaii And To Align The State's Asset Reserve Requirements For These Companies With The Asset Reserve Requirements In Other States.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Department Of Agriculture, Department Of Health, Department Of Land And Natural Resources, And University Of Hawaii To Develop And Implement A Mosquito Control Program That Uses Wolbachia Bacteria To Reduce Mosquito Population Levels Throughout The State.. Description: Urging The Department Of Agriculture, Department Of Health, Department Of Land And Natural Resources, And University Of Hawaii To Develop And Implement A Mosquito Control Program That Uses Wolbachia Bacteria To Reduce Mosquito Population Levels Throughout The State.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Governor To Convene A Working Group To Develop Recommendations For Effective Communications With Limited English Proficient Persons And Persons With Disabilities Before, During, And After Emergencies And Natural Disasters.. Description: Requesting The Governor To Convene A Working Group To Develop Recommendations For Effective Communications With Limited English Proficient Persons And Persons With Disabilities Before, During, And After Emergencies And Natural Disasters.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Convening Of A Working Group To Determine The Gaps In Access To Health Care And The Potential Role Advanced Practice Registered Nurses May Play In Addressing These Gaps.. Description: Requesting The Convening Of A Working Group To Determine The Gaps In Access To Health Care And The Potential Role Advanced Practice Registered Nurses May Play In Addressing These Gaps.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Legislative Reference Bureau To Conduct An Analysis Of Advanced Practice Registered Nurses And Physician Assistants.. Description: Requesting The Legislative Reference Bureau To Conduct An Analysis Of Advanced Practice Registered Nurses And Physician Assistants.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Designating The First Full Week Of May As Tardive Dyskinesia Awareness Week.. Description: Designating The First Full Week Of May As Tardive Dyskinesia Awareness Week.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Convening A Working Group To Discuss The Future Development Plans In Kakaako Makai.. Description: Convening A Working Group To Discuss The Future Development Plans In Kakaako Makai.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Health To Submit A Request To The Drug Enforcement Administration For An Exception To Regulations And A Petition To Initiate Proceedings For Federal Rulemaking To Clarify That The State-authorized Use Of Medical Cannabis Does Not Violate The Federal Controlled Substances Act.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Health To Submit A Request To The Drug Enforcement Administration For An Exception To Regulations And A Petition To Initiate Proceedings For Federal Rulemaking To Clarify That The State-authorized Use Of Medical Cannabis Does Not Violate The Federal Controlled Substances Act.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Establishment Of A Burial Sites Working Group To Review And Recommend Improvements To The Island Burial Councils.. Description: Requesting The Establishment Of A Burial Sites Working Group To Review And Recommend Improvements To The Island Burial Councils.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Recognizing Mekia Kealakai's Birthday Of October 15 As Royal Hawaiian Troubadours Day.. Description: Recognizing Mekia Kealakai's Birthday Of October 15 As Royal Hawaiian Troubadours Day.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Business, Economic Development, And Tourism To Compile A Short List Of Fortune 500 Companies That Are Suitable To Relocate To Hawaii And Identify Means And Incentives To Entice These Companies To Relocate.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Business, Economic Development, And Tourism To Compile A Short List Of Fortune 500 Companies That Are Suitable To Relocate To Hawaii And Identify Means And Incentives To Entice These Companies To Relocate.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Legislative Reference Bureau To Conduct A Study Of Best Practices Regarding The Performance Of "incidental And Supplemental" Contracting Work.. Description: Requesting The Legislative Reference Bureau To Conduct A Study Of Best Practices Regarding The Performance Of "incidental And Supplemental" Contracting Work.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Condemning All Forms Of Anti-asian Sentiment As Related To Covid-19 And Urging Greater Investment In Federal, State, And Local Resources To Develop And Support Communitywide Solutions.. Description: Condemning All Forms Of Anti-asian Sentiment As Related To Covid-19 And Urging Greater Investment In Federal, State, And Local Resources To Develop And Support Communitywide Solutions.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Strongly Urging The Department Of Land And Natural Resources To Work With The International Dialogue On Underwater Munitions' International Scientific And Technology Advisory Board On Underwater Munitions To Seek And Secure Federal Funding For The Non-destructive Disposal Of Thousands Of Tons Of Underwater Munitions Dumped, Lost, Or Abandoned In Hawaiian Waters.. Description: Strongly Urging The Department Of Land And Natural Resources To Work With The International Dialogue On Underwater Munitions' International Scientific And Technology Advisory Board On Underwater Munitions To Seek And Secure Federal Funding For The Non-destructive Disposal Of Thousands Of Tons Of Underwater Munitions Dumped, Lost, Or Abandoned In Hawaiian Waters.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Supporting And Adopting The Goals Set Forth In The Digital Equity Declaration For Hawaii Adopted By The Broadband Hui.. Description: Supporting And Adopting The Goals Set Forth In The Digital Equity Declaration For Hawaii Adopted By The Broadband Hui.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Human Services; Department Of Health, Via The Behavioral Risk Factor Surveillance System; And Department Of Education, Via The Youth Risk Behavior Surveillance System, To Collect Information On The Sex, Sexual Orientation, And Gender Identity And Gender Expression Of Respondents, Including Respondents Who Are Under The Supervision Of The Courts And The Hawaii Youth Correctional Facility.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Human Services; Department Of Health, Via The Behavioral Risk Factor Surveillance System; And Department Of Education, Via The Youth Risk Behavior Surveillance System, To Collect Information On The Sex, Sexual Orientation, And Gender Identity And Gender Expression Of Respondents, Including Respondents Who Are Under The Supervision Of The Courts And The Hawaii Youth Correctional Facility.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Board Of Land And Natural Resources To Enter Into A Long-term Water Lease With Waioli Valley Taro Hui For The Hui's Existing Use Of Water From Waioli Stream Via Direct Negotiation, Upon Completion Of The Requirements Of Chapter 343, Hawaii Revised Statutes.. Description: Requesting The Board Of Land And Natural Resources To Enter Into A Long-term Water Lease With Waioli Valley Taro Hui For The Hui's Existing Use Of Water From Waioli Stream Via Direct Negotiation, Upon Completion Of The Requirements Of Chapter 343, Hawaii Revised Statutes.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Labor And Industrial Relations To Convene A Working Group To Improve Access To Government Services For Immigrants And Increase Immigrant Opportunities To Make Civic And Economic Contributions To The Community.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Labor And Industrial Relations To Convene A Working Group To Improve Access To Government Services For Immigrants And Increase Immigrant Opportunities To Make Civic And Economic Contributions To The Community.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Education To Provide Free Menstrual Products To Students On All Hawaii Public School Campuses.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Education To Provide Free Menstrual Products To Students On All Hawaii Public School Campuses.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Department Of Transportation, Mayor Of The City And County Of Honolulu, And Honolulu City Council To Reroute Farrington Highway In Accordance With The 1998 Makaha Beach Park Master Plan.. Description: Urging The Department Of Transportation, Mayor Of The City And County Of Honolulu, And Honolulu City Council To Reroute Farrington Highway In Accordance With The 1998 Makaha Beach Park Master Plan.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Expressing Support For, And Urging The International And Domestic Repatriation Of, Native Hawaiian Art, Cultural Items, And Iwi Kupuna.. Description: Expressing Support For, And Urging The International And Domestic Repatriation Of, Native Hawaiian Art, Cultural Items, And Iwi Kupuna.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Committee Assignments Of The House Of Representatives Of The Thirty-first Legislature.. Description: Relating To Committee Assignments Of The House Of Representatives Of The Thirty-first Legislature.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Establishing An Investigating Committee To Follow Up On The Audits Of The Department Of Land And Natural Resources' Special Land And Development Fund, Report No. 19-12, And Agribusiness Development Corporation, Report No. 21-01; To Examine The Recommendations Made In Those Audits; And For Purposes Of Improving The Operations And Management Of These State Agencies, Their Funds, And Any Other Matters.. Description: Establishing An Investigating Committee To Follow Up On The Audits Of The Department Of Land And Natural Resources' Special Land And Development Fund, Report No. 19-12, And Agribusiness Development Corporation, Report No. 21-01; To Examine The Recommendations Made In Those Audits; And For Purposes Of Improving The Operations And Management Of These State Agencies, Their Funds, And Any Other Matters.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Authorizing And Empowering The Speaker To Perform And Carry Out Any Official Legislative Business During The Interim Between The 2021 And 2022 Regular Sessions.. Description: Authorizing And Empowering The Speaker To Perform And Carry Out Any Official Legislative Business During The Interim Between The 2021 And 2022 Regular Sessions.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Informing The Senate And Governor That The House Of Representatives Is Ready To Adjourn Sine Die.. Description: Informing The Senate And Governor That The House Of Representatives Is Ready To Adjourn Sine Die.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Office Of Enterprise Technology Services, In Collaboration With The National Federation Of The Blind Of Hawaii, To Convene A Working Group On Accessible Government Documents.. Description: Requesting The Office Of Enterprise Technology Services, In Collaboration With The National Federation Of The Blind Of Hawaii, To Convene A Working Group On Accessible Government Documents.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Department Of Education To Develop And Implement A Program To Recruit And Employ Qualified Blind Persons To Serve As Orientation And Mobility Instructors And In Other Positions As Teachers Of Visually Impaired Students.. Description: Urging The Department Of Education To Develop And Implement A Program To Recruit And Employ Qualified Blind Persons To Serve As Orientation And Mobility Instructors And In Other Positions As Teachers Of Visually Impaired Students.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Convening A Task Force To Address Implementation Of Hawaii's State Law Corollary To Title Ix To Strengthen Hawaii's Efforts To End Campus-based Sexual Violence And Gender Discrimination.. Description: Convening A Task Force To Address Implementation Of Hawaii's State Law Corollary To Title Ix To Strengthen Hawaii's Efforts To End Campus-based Sexual Violence And Gender Discrimination.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Transportation And Kauai Department Of Public Works To Conduct A Study To Identify And Recommend Methods To Alleviate Traffic Congestion At Certain Intersections Along The Kaumualii Highway.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Transportation And Kauai Department Of Public Works To Conduct A Study To Identify And Recommend Methods To Alleviate Traffic Congestion At Certain Intersections Along The Kaumualii Highway.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Encouraging The Board Of Land And Natural Resources To Enter Into A Long-term Water Lease With Waioli Valley Taro Hui For Traditional Loi Kalo Cultivation In Waioli, Kauai.. Description: Encouraging The Board Of Land And Natural Resources To Enter Into A Long-term Water Lease With Waioli Valley Taro Hui For Traditional Loi Kalo Cultivation In Waioli, Kauai.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Department Of Health's Environmental Management Division To Ensure That Destinations To Which The State's Recyclable Waste Is Transported For Out-of-state Processing Abide By The Environmental Standards As Outlined By The Basel Convention.. Description: Urging The Department Of Health's Environmental Management Division To Ensure That Destinations To Which The State's Recyclable Waste Is Transported For Out-of-state Processing Abide By The Environmental Standards As Outlined By The Basel Convention.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Public Safety To Allow Faith Pods Based On Kapu Aloha To Be Established Within Each Correctional Center.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Public Safety To Allow Faith Pods Based On Kapu Aloha To Be Established Within Each Correctional Center.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Empowerment Of Young Women By Annually Recognizing October 11 As The International Day Of The Girl.. Description: Urging The Empowerment Of Young Women By Annually Recognizing October 11 As The International Day Of The Girl.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Hawaiian Home Lands, In Conjunction With The County Of Hawaii Department Of Water Supply, To Provide A Progress Report Regarding The Development Of The Kau Water System.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Hawaiian Home Lands, In Conjunction With The County Of Hawaii Department Of Water Supply, To Provide A Progress Report Regarding The Development Of The Kau Water System.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Business, Economic Development, And Tourism And Department Of Accounting And General Services To Conduct A Cost Analysis Study Of Consolidating West Hawaii State Offices Into A Single Conveniently Located Complex.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Business, Economic Development, And Tourism And Department Of Accounting And General Services To Conduct A Cost Analysis Study Of Consolidating West Hawaii State Offices Into A Single Conveniently Located Complex.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Office Of Primary Care And Rural Health To Facilitate Discussions With Key Community Health And Social Service Organizations Within West Hawaii And Major Healthcare Stakeholders In Senate District 3 To Address The Health And Wellness Needs Of The Most Vulnerable By Aligning The Goals And Objectives Of Key Organizations Into One Shared 2030 Health Vision Plan.. Description: Requesting The Office Of Primary Care And Rural Health To Facilitate Discussions With Key Community Health And Social Service Organizations Within West Hawaii And Major Healthcare Stakeholders In Senate District 3 To Address The Health And Wellness Needs Of The Most Vulnerable By Aligning The Goals And Objectives Of Key Organizations Into One Shared 2030 Health Vision Plan.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Business, Economic Development, And Tourism; The Executive Office Of Aging; And The County Of Hawaii Office Of Aging To Conduct A Study On The Necessity And Feasibility Of A Senior Living Center In The Ka'u District.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Business, Economic Development, And Tourism; The Executive Office Of Aging; And The County Of Hawaii Office Of Aging To Conduct A Study On The Necessity And Feasibility Of A Senior Living Center In The Ka'u District.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Health To Provide A Plan For Improving Its Process For Fulfilling Vital Record Requests By Neighbor Island Residents.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Health To Provide A Plan For Improving Its Process For Fulfilling Vital Record Requests By Neighbor Island Residents.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Governor's Coordinator On Homelessness To Provide A Status Update On Kukui'ola Village And Work With The Hawaii Interagency Council On Homelessness To Further Fund The Ka Lamaku Shelter Until The Construction Of Kukui'ola Village Is Completed.. Description: Requesting The Governor's Coordinator On Homelessness To Provide A Status Update On Kukui'ola Village And Work With The Hawaii Interagency Council On Homelessness To Further Fund The Ka Lamaku Shelter Until The Construction Of Kukui'ola Village Is Completed.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Health To Survey And Report On Cardiopulmonary Resuscitation Instruction Being Offered Throughout State Departments.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Health To Survey And Report On Cardiopulmonary Resuscitation Instruction Being Offered Throughout State Departments.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Hawaii State Department Of Education School Food Services Branch To Adopt An Addendum To Its Agreements For The aina Pono Hawaii State Farm To School Program Requiring The Procurement Of Goods And/or Services From Food Hubs.. Description: Urging The Hawaii State Department Of Education School Food Services Branch To Adopt An Addendum To Its Agreements For The aina Pono Hawaii State Farm To School Program Requiring The Procurement Of Goods And/or Services From Food Hubs.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Board Of Education To Authorize An E-sports Program For Public High Schools In The State.. Description: Requesting The Board Of Education To Authorize An E-sports Program For Public High Schools In The State.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The County Of Hawaii To Utilize The Data Resulting From The 2020 United States Census To Establish, If Allowable, A Metropolitan Planning Organization For The County Of Hawaii.. Description: Urging The County Of Hawaii To Utilize The Data Resulting From The 2020 United States Census To Establish, If Allowable, A Metropolitan Planning Organization For The County Of Hawaii.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Declaring A Climate Emergency And Requesting Statewide Collaboration Toward An Immediate Just Transition And Emergency Mobilization Effort To Restore A Safe Climate.. Description: Declaring A Climate Emergency And Requesting Statewide Collaboration Toward An Immediate Just Transition And Emergency Mobilization Effort To Restore A Safe Climate.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Agriculture To Establish A Kona Area Agricultural Working Group To Promote Agriculture, Economic Development, And Housing.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Agriculture To Establish A Kona Area Agricultural Working Group To Promote Agriculture, Economic Development, And Housing.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Hawaii Climate Change Mitigation And Adaptation Commission And The County Of Hawaii To Collaborate To Identify Sea Level Rise At Kahaluu Bay And Jointly Pursue A Master Plan To Relocate The Pavilion At Kahaluu Bay, Hawaii.. Description: Requesting The Hawaii Climate Change Mitigation And Adaptation Commission And The County Of Hawaii To Collaborate To Identify Sea Level Rise At Kahaluu Bay And Jointly Pursue A Master Plan To Relocate The Pavilion At Kahaluu Bay, Hawaii.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Hawaii Health Systems Corporation To Convene A Task Force To Conduct A Feasibility Study For Construction Of A Hospital In North Kona And A Health Care Needs Assessment Of The West Hawaii Region.. Description: Requesting The Hawaii Health Systems Corporation To Convene A Task Force To Conduct A Feasibility Study For Construction Of A Hospital In North Kona And A Health Care Needs Assessment Of The West Hawaii Region.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Hawaiian Home Lands To Conduct An Analysis And Provide Data On The Number Of Department Of Hawaiian Home Lands Beneficiaries Who Have Applied For And Need Housing In Each County, By Income Classification, And Unit Type.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Hawaiian Home Lands To Conduct An Analysis And Provide Data On The Number Of Department Of Hawaiian Home Lands Beneficiaries Who Have Applied For And Need Housing In Each County, By Income Classification, And Unit Type.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Department Of Land And Natural Resources To Adopt Administrative Rules To Streamline The Process For Allowing Traditional Hawaiian Farming Systems On Conservation Lands.. Description: Urging The Department Of Land And Natural Resources To Adopt Administrative Rules To Streamline The Process For Allowing Traditional Hawaiian Farming Systems On Conservation Lands.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Supporting An Economic Transition That Combats Climate Change And Incorporates Circular Economy Goals Rooted In Aloha Aina Principles.. Description: Supporting An Economic Transition That Combats Climate Change And Incorporates Circular Economy Goals Rooted In Aloha Aina Principles.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Counties To Expand Property Tax Relief For Lands Purchased Pursuant To The Kuleana Act.. Description: Urging The Counties To Expand Property Tax Relief For Lands Purchased Pursuant To The Kuleana Act.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Hawaiian Homes Commission To Appropriate One Hundred Per Cent Of Lease Revenues From Commercial Property Uses To Homeland Lot Development.. Description: Urging The Hawaiian Homes Commission To Appropriate One Hundred Per Cent Of Lease Revenues From Commercial Property Uses To Homeland Lot Development.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Reaffirming The State's Commitment To Combat Climate Change And Prioritize Climate Change Legislation.. Description: Reaffirming The State's Commitment To Combat Climate Change And Prioritize Climate Change Legislation.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging Members Of The United States Congress To Enact Federal Legislation Granting Statehood To The People Of Washington, D.c.. Description: Urging Members Of The United States Congress To Enact Federal Legislation Granting Statehood To The People Of Washington, D.c.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Education To Convene A Working Group To Create A Model Statewide School Policy On Student Suicide Prevention, Intervention, And Postvention In Grades K-12.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Education To Convene A Working Group To Create A Model Statewide School Policy On Student Suicide Prevention, Intervention, And Postvention In Grades K-12.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Condemning And Denouncing All Forms Of Anti-asian Sentiment And All Acts Of Racism, Xenophobia, Intolerance, Discrimination, Hate Crime, And Hate Speech Against Asian Americans And Asian Individuals In The United States And Requesting The Hawaii Civil Rights Commission To Analyze And Report On Anti-asian Sentiment And Acts In The State.. Description: Condemning And Denouncing All Forms Of Anti-asian Sentiment And All Acts Of Racism, Xenophobia, Intolerance, Discrimination, Hate Crime, And Hate Speech Against Asian Americans And Asian Individuals In The United States And Requesting The Hawaii Civil Rights Commission To Analyze And Report On Anti-asian Sentiment And Acts In The State.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Recognizing October 4 Through October 8, 2021, As Digital Inclusion Week In The State Of Hawaii.. Description: Recognizing October 4 Through October 8, 2021, As Digital Inclusion Week In The State Of Hawaii.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Hawaii Emergency Management Agency To Develop An Evacuation Plan For The Areas Within Lava Zones 1, 2, 3, 4, And 6.. Description: Requesting The Hawaii Emergency Management Agency To Develop An Evacuation Plan For The Areas Within Lava Zones 1, 2, 3, 4, And 6.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Auditor To Conduct A Sunrise Analysis On Licensing And/or Certification Of Community Health Workers.. Description: Requesting The Auditor To Conduct A Sunrise Analysis On Licensing And/or Certification Of Community Health Workers.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Business, Economic Development And Tourism To Establish A Working Group To Develop Funding Sources For Rural Broadband Improvements.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Business, Economic Development And Tourism To Establish A Working Group To Develop Funding Sources For Rural Broadband Improvements.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting That The City And County Of Honolulu Protect Pedestrians On Sidewalks By Creating Separate Facilities For Electric Scooters, Electric Bicycles, And Electric Trikes.. Description: Requesting That The City And County Of Honolulu Protect Pedestrians On Sidewalks By Creating Separate Facilities For Electric Scooters, Electric Bicycles, And Electric Trikes.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting That The Year 2022 Be Designated As The Year Of The Limu.. Description: Requesting That The Year 2022 Be Designated As The Year Of The Limu.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Department Of Education To Include The Teaching Of Financial Literacy In The Existing Personal Transition Plan Course Requirement For Each Student.. Description: Urging The Department Of Education To Include The Teaching Of Financial Literacy In The Existing Personal Transition Plan Course Requirement For Each Student.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Department Of Education To Use Coronavirus Aid, Relief, And Economic Security Act And Coronavirus Response And Relief Supplemental Appropriations Act Monies To Retain Teachers And Prevent Furloughs.. Description: Urging The Department Of Education To Use Coronavirus Aid, Relief, And Economic Security Act And Coronavirus Response And Relief Supplemental Appropriations Act Monies To Retain Teachers And Prevent Furloughs.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Supporting And Adopting The Goals Set Forth In The Digital Equity Declaration For Hawaii Adopted By The Broadband Hui.. Description: Supporting And Adopting The Goals Set Forth In The Digital Equity Declaration For Hawaii Adopted By The Broadband Hui.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Agriculture To Consider Amending The Eligibility Qualifications And Lease Terms For Its Agricultural Lots To Aid Small Farm Businesses.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Agriculture To Consider Amending The Eligibility Qualifications And Lease Terms For Its Agricultural Lots To Aid Small Farm Businesses.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Governor To Convene A Working Group To Develop Recommendations For Effective Communications With Limited English Proficient Persons And Persons With Disabilities Before, During, And After Emergencies And Natural Disasters.. Description: Requesting The Governor To Convene A Working Group To Develop Recommendations For Effective Communications With Limited English Proficient Persons And Persons With Disabilities Before, During, And After Emergencies And Natural Disasters.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Convening Of A Retirement Savings Program Task Force To Assess The Feasibility Of Establishing A Hawaii Retirement Savings Program For Private Sector Employees Without Access To Employer-sponsored Retirement Plans.. Description: Requesting The Convening Of A Retirement Savings Program Task Force To Assess The Feasibility Of Establishing A Hawaii Retirement Savings Program For Private Sector Employees Without Access To Employer-sponsored Retirement Plans.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Education To Provide Free Menstrual Products To Students On All Hawaii Public School Campuses.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Education To Provide Free Menstrual Products To Students On All Hawaii Public School Campuses.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The United States Military To Clean Up Munitions And Explosives Of Concern In Hawaii Under The Military Munitions Response Program.. Description: Urging The United States Military To Clean Up Munitions And Explosives Of Concern In Hawaii Under The Military Munitions Response Program.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Public Safety To Correct Issues And Dismantle Barriers Relating To The Provision Of Civil Identification Documents To And Successful Community Reentry Of Inmates Exiting Incarceration.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Public Safety To Correct Issues And Dismantle Barriers Relating To The Provision Of Civil Identification Documents To And Successful Community Reentry Of Inmates Exiting Incarceration.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Department Of Public Safety To Increase Its Investment In Comprehensive Offender Reentry Training Programs For Individuals Exiting Correctional Facilities.. Description: Urging The Department Of Public Safety To Increase Its Investment In Comprehensive Offender Reentry Training Programs For Individuals Exiting Correctional Facilities.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Hawaii Emergency Management Agency To Convene A Task Force To Study And Identify Appropriate Stockpile Storage Facility Options To Store And Distribute Emergency Supplies In The State Of Hawaii.. Description: Requesting The Hawaii Emergency Management Agency To Convene A Task Force To Study And Identify Appropriate Stockpile Storage Facility Options To Store And Distribute Emergency Supplies In The State Of Hawaii.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Health Developmental Disabilities Division To Convene A Task Force To Determine The Feasibility Of Changing Its Eligibility Criteria For The Home And Community-based Services Medicaid Waiver For Individuals Having Intellectual Or Developmental Disabilities, Or Mental Illnesses.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Health Developmental Disabilities Division To Convene A Task Force To Determine The Feasibility Of Changing Its Eligibility Criteria For The Home And Community-based Services Medicaid Waiver For Individuals Having Intellectual Or Developmental Disabilities, Or Mental Illnesses.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Governor, Department Of Transportation, Department Of Health, And Police Department Of Each County, To Develop An Expanded Statewide Public Awareness Campaign To Educate The Public About The State's "move Over Law".. Description: Urging The Governor, Department Of Transportation, Department Of Health, And Police Department Of Each County, To Develop An Expanded Statewide Public Awareness Campaign To Educate The Public About The State's "move Over Law".
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Department Of Transportation And The City And County Of Honolulu To Make Appropriate Safety Improvements To Certain Intersections And Roadways In The Ewa Beach Area.. Description: Urging The Department Of Transportation And The City And County Of Honolulu To Make Appropriate Safety Improvements To Certain Intersections And Roadways In The Ewa Beach Area.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The City And County Of Honolulu To Install A Roof Covering The Restroom Facilities At Puuloa Beach Park.. Description: Urging The City And County Of Honolulu To Install A Roof Covering The Restroom Facilities At Puuloa Beach Park.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The City And County Of Honolulu To Refurbish The Puuloa Beach Park Pavilion.. Description: Urging The City And County Of Honolulu To Refurbish The Puuloa Beach Park Pavilion.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting That The United States Congress Pass A Law That Criminalizes Any Act By A Current Or Former Law Enforcement Officer, Military Personnel, Or Politician That Is Contrary To Their Oath To Uphold The Constitution.. Description: Requesting That The United States Congress Pass A Law That Criminalizes Any Act By A Current Or Former Law Enforcement Officer, Military Personnel, Or Politician That Is Contrary To Their Oath To Uphold The Constitution.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of The Attorney General To Propose Legislation That Criminalizes Any Acts By Eligible Public Officials, Including Local Law Enforcement That Violate Their Oaths To Uphold The United States Constitution And Hawaii State Constitution.. Description: Requesting The Department Of The Attorney General To Propose Legislation That Criminalizes Any Acts By Eligible Public Officials, Including Local Law Enforcement That Violate Their Oaths To Uphold The United States Constitution And Hawaii State Constitution.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Department Of Education To Coordinate With The Department Of Commerce And Consumer Affairs To Implement A Graduation Requirement Of At Least A Half Credit In Financial Literacy During The Junior Year Or Senior Year.. Description: Urging The Department Of Education To Coordinate With The Department Of Commerce And Consumer Affairs To Implement A Graduation Requirement Of At Least A Half Credit In Financial Literacy During The Junior Year Or Senior Year.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Encouraging The Governor To Maintain Teachers And School-level Personnel As Essential Workers During A Pandemic When Contemplating Emergency Furloughs And Layoffs.. Description: Encouraging The Governor To Maintain Teachers And School-level Personnel As Essential Workers During A Pandemic When Contemplating Emergency Furloughs And Layoffs.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The State Auditor To Perform An Audit Of The Department Of Education's Office Of Curriculum And Instructional Design.. Description: Requesting The State Auditor To Perform An Audit Of The Department Of Education's Office Of Curriculum And Instructional Design.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The United States Congress, The Federal Aviation Administration, And The Hawaii Department Of Transportation To Take Every Action Necessary To Address Rapidly Increasing Safety Risks And Community Disruption Resulting From Insufficient Regulation Of Tour Helicopter And Small Aircraft Operations Throughout Hawaii Skies.. Description: Urging The United States Congress, The Federal Aviation Administration, And The Hawaii Department Of Transportation To Take Every Action Necessary To Address Rapidly Increasing Safety Risks And Community Disruption Resulting From Insufficient Regulation Of Tour Helicopter And Small Aircraft Operations Throughout Hawaii Skies.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Education To Create A Landscape Management Plan With Goals To Increase Tree Canopies On Public School Grounds, Document Existing Inventory And Talent, And Identify Additional Resources Required To Implement And Sustain The Plan.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Education To Create A Landscape Management Plan With Goals To Increase Tree Canopies On Public School Grounds, Document Existing Inventory And Talent, And Identify Additional Resources Required To Implement And Sustain The Plan.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Auditor To Assess The Social And Financial Effects Of Requiring Health Insurers To Provide Coverage For Health Care Services Related To Gender Transition Treatments.. Description: Requesting The Auditor To Assess The Social And Financial Effects Of Requiring Health Insurers To Provide Coverage For Health Care Services Related To Gender Transition Treatments.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting That The Office Of Planning, In Coordination With Each Executive Department, Identify Departmental Facilities And Infrastructure That May Be Vulnerable To Flooding And Other Impacts Of Sea Level Rise And Assess Options For Mitigating The Effects Of Sea Level Rise On Those Facilities And Infrastructure.. Description: Requesting That The Office Of Planning, In Coordination With Each Executive Department, Identify Departmental Facilities And Infrastructure That May Be Vulnerable To Flooding And Other Impacts Of Sea Level Rise And Assess Options For Mitigating The Effects Of Sea Level Rise On Those Facilities And Infrastructure.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Department Of Human Resources Development To Reexamine The Qualifications For State Positions That Are Currently Vacant And Replace The Qualification Of A Bachelor's Degree With An Associate Degree Or Certificate, Where Applicable. Description: Urging The Department Of Human Resources Development To Reexamine The Qualifications For State Positions That Are Currently Vacant And Replace The Qualification Of A Bachelor's Degree With An Associate Degree Or Certificate, Where Applicable
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Governor To Create A Task Force To Develop Recommendations To Enforce The Supplemental Emergency Proclamations To Mitigate The Further Spread Of The Coronavirus Disease 2019 In Hawaii.. Description: Urging The Governor To Create A Task Force To Develop Recommendations To Enforce The Supplemental Emergency Proclamations To Mitigate The Further Spread Of The Coronavirus Disease 2019 In Hawaii.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging All Law Enforcement Officers And Prosecuting Attorneys In The State To Vigorously Enforce And Prosecute Offenses Committed Against Essential Workers While On The Job.. Description: Urging All Law Enforcement Officers And Prosecuting Attorneys In The State To Vigorously Enforce And Prosecute Offenses Committed Against Essential Workers While On The Job.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Transportation To Initiate Three Innovative Pilot Projects Of Meaningful Scale To Modernize Transportation Infrastructure In Underserved Communities.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Transportation To Initiate Three Innovative Pilot Projects Of Meaningful Scale To Modernize Transportation Infrastructure In Underserved Communities.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Hawaii Tourism Authority To Develop An Implementation Plan Based On Tourism Hot Spots Identified In County Destination Management Action Plans.. Description: Requesting The Hawaii Tourism Authority To Develop An Implementation Plan Based On Tourism Hot Spots Identified In County Destination Management Action Plans.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Health To Explore Ways It Can Exercise Oversight Over Community Health Centers And Other Medical Service Entities When A Danger To The Community's Health Exists.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Health To Explore Ways It Can Exercise Oversight Over Community Health Centers And Other Medical Service Entities When A Danger To The Community's Health Exists.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The University Of Hawaii To Convene A Task Force To Examine And Assess Its Arrangement For Services With The Research Corporation Of The University Of Hawaii.. Description: Requesting The University Of Hawaii To Convene A Task Force To Examine And Assess Its Arrangement For Services With The Research Corporation Of The University Of Hawaii.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Business, Economic Development, And Tourism To Convene A Working Group To Produce An Integrated Strategic Plan For Regional Engagement By The State Of Hawaii In The Pacific Islands Region.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Business, Economic Development, And Tourism To Convene A Working Group To Produce An Integrated Strategic Plan For Regional Engagement By The State Of Hawaii In The Pacific Islands Region.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Recognizing The Centennial Celebration Of The Hawaiian Homes Commission Act Of 1920, As Amended.. Description: Recognizing The Centennial Celebration Of The Hawaiian Homes Commission Act Of 1920, As Amended.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Designating April As Tree Awareness Month In The State Of Hawaii.. Description: Designating April As Tree Awareness Month In The State Of Hawaii.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Convening A Working Group To Update Plans For The Maunalua-makapuu Scenic Byway And Consolidate Management Along The Kaiwi Coast Scenic Shoreline.. Description: Convening A Working Group To Update Plans For The Maunalua-makapuu Scenic Byway And Consolidate Management Along The Kaiwi Coast Scenic Shoreline.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting Statewide Implementation Of The United Nations Universal Periodic Review Recommendations.. Description: Requesting Statewide Implementation Of The United Nations Universal Periodic Review Recommendations.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting That A Working Group Be Convened To Develop Recommendations For Implementing The Revitalizing Economy And Agriculture Leadership Initiative.. Description: Requesting That A Working Group Be Convened To Develop Recommendations For Implementing The Revitalizing Economy And Agriculture Leadership Initiative.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The United States Congress To Amend The United States Code To Permit All Retired, Disabled Veterans To Receive Concurrent Retirement And Disability Payments.. Description: Urging The United States Congress To Amend The United States Code To Permit All Retired, Disabled Veterans To Receive Concurrent Retirement And Disability Payments.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Department Of Education To Include Civic Online Reasoning And Media Literacy In Its Information Technology Curriculum.. Description: Urging The Department Of Education To Include Civic Online Reasoning And Media Literacy In Its Information Technology Curriculum.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The University Of Hawaii And University Of Hawaii Professional Assembly To Convene A Task Force To Examine And Assess The University's: (1) Tenure System For Researchers And Other Non-instructional Faculty; And (2) Compensation Structure Of Faculty Engaged In Activities Supported By Extramural Funding And Grants; In Comparison To Peer Higher Education Institutions Across The United States, And Propose The Best Practices To Be Implemented By The University.. Description: Urging The University Of Hawaii And University Of Hawaii Professional Assembly To Convene A Task Force To Examine And Assess The University's: (1) Tenure System For Researchers And Other Non-instructional Faculty; And (2) Compensation Structure Of Faculty Engaged In Activities Supported By Extramural Funding And Grants; In Comparison To Peer Higher Education Institutions Across The United States, And Propose The Best Practices To Be Implemented By The University.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Board Of Education To Form A Special Committee Or Permitted Interaction Group To Monitor And Account For How The Department Of Education Is Spending Its Federal Relief Funds.. Description: Urging The Board Of Education To Form A Special Committee Or Permitted Interaction Group To Monitor And Account For How The Department Of Education Is Spending Its Federal Relief Funds.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Executive And Legislative Branches Of The State Of Hawaii To Promote And Realize The Vision And Full Potential Of The Global Alliance For International Collaboration In Space Initiative And Explore Ways To Provide State Administrative And Funding Support For The Initiative, In Consultation With The Hawaii Space Industry Innovation Program And Governor Ariyoshi Foundation.. Description: Urging The Executive And Legislative Branches Of The State Of Hawaii To Promote And Realize The Vision And Full Potential Of The Global Alliance For International Collaboration In Space Initiative And Explore Ways To Provide State Administrative And Funding Support For The Initiative, In Consultation With The Hawaii Space Industry Innovation Program And Governor Ariyoshi Foundation.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Business, Economic Development, And Tourism To Compile A Short List Of Fortune 500 Companies That Are Suitable To Relocate To Hawaii And Identify Means And Incentives To Entice These Companies To Relocate.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Business, Economic Development, And Tourism To Compile A Short List Of Fortune 500 Companies That Are Suitable To Relocate To Hawaii And Identify Means And Incentives To Entice These Companies To Relocate.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Office Of Hawaiian Affairs To Establish The Burial Sites Working Group To Examine The Burial Sites Program Under The Department Of Land And Natural Resources' State Historic Preservation Division.. Description: Requesting The Office Of Hawaiian Affairs To Establish The Burial Sites Working Group To Examine The Burial Sites Program Under The Department Of Land And Natural Resources' State Historic Preservation Division.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Health To Convene A Medicinal Psilocybin And Psilocin Working Group To Examine The Medicinal And Therapeutic Effects Of Psilocybin And Psilocin Or Develop A Long-term Strategic Plan To Ensure The Availability Of Medicinal Psilocybin And Psilocin Or Psilocybin-based And Psilocin-based Products That Are Safe, Accessible, And Affordable For Eligible Adult Patients.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Health To Convene A Medicinal Psilocybin And Psilocin Working Group To Examine The Medicinal And Therapeutic Effects Of Psilocybin And Psilocin Or Develop A Long-term Strategic Plan To Ensure The Availability Of Medicinal Psilocybin And Psilocin Or Psilocybin-based And Psilocin-based Products That Are Safe, Accessible, And Affordable For Eligible Adult Patients.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Department Of Human Resources Development And Department Of Education To Establish And Offer A Qualified Roth Contribution Program To Their Retirement Plan Participants.. Description: Urging The Department Of Human Resources Development And Department Of Education To Establish And Offer A Qualified Roth Contribution Program To Their Retirement Plan Participants.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Auditor To Assess The Social And Financial Effects Of Mandating Health Insurance Coverage For Annual Mental Health Screening.. Description: Requesting The Auditor To Assess The Social And Financial Effects Of Mandating Health Insurance Coverage For Annual Mental Health Screening.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The State To Consider And Adopt Innovative Policies To Improve Transit And Reduce Traffic Congestion.. Description: Urging The State To Consider And Adopt Innovative Policies To Improve Transit And Reduce Traffic Congestion.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Recognizing The Contributions Of The Compact Of Free Association Community In The State Of Hawaii.. Description: Recognizing The Contributions Of The Compact Of Free Association Community In The State Of Hawaii.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Executive Office On Aging To Form A Working Group And Develop A Plan For Outreach To Kupuna To Remediate A Lack Of Digital Literacy, Broadband Access, And Computer Equipment.. Description: Urging The Executive Office On Aging To Form A Working Group And Develop A Plan For Outreach To Kupuna To Remediate A Lack Of Digital Literacy, Broadband Access, And Computer Equipment.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Recognizing The Seventy-fifth Anniversary Of Diplomatic Relations Between The United States Of America And The Republic Of The Philippines.. Description: Recognizing The Seventy-fifth Anniversary Of Diplomatic Relations Between The United States Of America And The Republic Of The Philippines.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Legislative Reference Bureau To Conduct A Study To Examine The Use And Effects Of Transaction Medium Equity, Which Includes Electronic Transactions And Cash Transactions, On Consumers And Businesses In The State Of Hawaii.. Description: Requesting The Legislative Reference Bureau To Conduct A Study To Examine The Use And Effects Of Transaction Medium Equity, Which Includes Electronic Transactions And Cash Transactions, On Consumers And Businesses In The State Of Hawaii.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Hawaii Health Systems Corporation And The Department Of Health To Convene A Task Force To Develop Better Mission-driven Hiring And Training Of Culturally-accepted Interpreters Employed At Hawaii Health Systems Facilities And To Create Culturally-accepted Educational Materials On Preventative Care And Early Intervention To Assist Non-english Speaking Populations Seeking Care At Hawaii Health Systems Corporation Facilities.. Description: Requesting The Hawaii Health Systems Corporation And The Department Of Health To Convene A Task Force To Develop Better Mission-driven Hiring And Training Of Culturally-accepted Interpreters Employed At Hawaii Health Systems Facilities And To Create Culturally-accepted Educational Materials On Preventative Care And Early Intervention To Assist Non-english Speaking Populations Seeking Care At Hawaii Health Systems Corporation Facilities.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Hawaiian Home Lands To Provide Recommendations For The Maintenance Of South Point Access Road For Motor Vehicles And Pedestrian Traffic.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Hawaiian Home Lands To Provide Recommendations For The Maintenance Of South Point Access Road For Motor Vehicles And Pedestrian Traffic.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Department Of Agriculture To Expand Its Quarantine Facilities Of The Plant Quarantine Branch.. Description: Urging The Department Of Agriculture To Expand Its Quarantine Facilities Of The Plant Quarantine Branch.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Transportation To Evaluate Traffic Congestion, Highway Flooding, And Road Safety Issues On Hawaii Island.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Transportation To Evaluate Traffic Congestion, Highway Flooding, And Road Safety Issues On Hawaii Island.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging United States President Joseph R. Biden, Jr. And The Asiapacific Economic Cooperation To Hold The 2023 Asiapacific Economic Cooperation Summit In The City And County Of Honolulu, State Of Hawaii.. Description: Urging United States President Joseph R. Biden, Jr. And The Asiapacific Economic Cooperation To Hold The 2023 Asiapacific Economic Cooperation Summit In The City And County Of Honolulu, State Of Hawaii.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting That The Department Of Education, Hawaii High School Athletic Association, Big Island Interscholastic Federation, Oahu Interscholastic Association, Interscholastic League Of Honolulu, Maui Interscholastic League, And Kauai Interscholastic Federation Create A Plan To Implement Bass Fishing As A Sanctioned High School Sport.. Description: Requesting That The Department Of Education, Hawaii High School Athletic Association, Big Island Interscholastic Federation, Oahu Interscholastic Association, Interscholastic League Of Honolulu, Maui Interscholastic League, And Kauai Interscholastic Federation Create A Plan To Implement Bass Fishing As A Sanctioned High School Sport.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Department Of Transportation To Increase The Use Of Reclaimed Asphalt Pavement To Repave, Reconstruct, And Preserve State Streets, Roads, And Highways And Explore Use Of Other Products Using Reclaimed Asphalt.. Description: Urging The Department Of Transportation To Increase The Use Of Reclaimed Asphalt Pavement To Repave, Reconstruct, And Preserve State Streets, Roads, And Highways And Explore Use Of Other Products Using Reclaimed Asphalt.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Department Of Human Resources Development To Establish A New Civil Service Class For Project Managers Under Collective Bargaining Unit 13.. Description: Urging The Department Of Human Resources Development To Establish A New Civil Service Class For Project Managers Under Collective Bargaining Unit 13.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Convening Of A Creative Resurgence Task Force To Build And Foster Creativity And Innovation Through The Arts, Culture, And Humanities.. Description: Requesting The Convening Of A Creative Resurgence Task Force To Build And Foster Creativity And Innovation Through The Arts, Culture, And Humanities.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Legislative Reference Bureau To Conduct A Study And Develop Statutory Definitions Of "creative Work" And "creative Workers" By Taking Into Consideration Hawaii's Existing Creative Work Industry, As Groundwork For The Legislature To Adopt Measures To Support Hawaii's Creative Workers.. Description: Requesting The Legislative Reference Bureau To Conduct A Study And Develop Statutory Definitions Of "creative Work" And "creative Workers" By Taking Into Consideration Hawaii's Existing Creative Work Industry, As Groundwork For The Legislature To Adopt Measures To Support Hawaii's Creative Workers.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting That A Working Group Be Convened To Develop Recommendations To Facilitate Homestead Agricultural Demonstration Projects In The State.. Description: Requesting That A Working Group Be Convened To Develop Recommendations To Facilitate Homestead Agricultural Demonstration Projects In The State.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting That The Public Utilities Commission Develop And Adopt Reliability Standards And Interconnection Requirements To Facilitate The Timely Interconnection Of Utility-scale Renewable Energy Projects.. Description: Requesting That The Public Utilities Commission Develop And Adopt Reliability Standards And Interconnection Requirements To Facilitate The Timely Interconnection Of Utility-scale Renewable Energy Projects.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Board Of Education To Authorize An E-sports Program For Public High Schools In The State.. Description: Requesting The Board Of Education To Authorize An E-sports Program For Public High Schools In The State.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The United States Department Of Defense To Report Current Coronavirus Disease 2019 Statistics In Order To Help Protect The Military And Local Communities In Which The Government And Military Installations Are Located.. Description: Urging The United States Department Of Defense To Report Current Coronavirus Disease 2019 Statistics In Order To Help Protect The Military And Local Communities In Which The Government And Military Installations Are Located.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting That June 27 Of Each Year Be Recognized As Post-traumatic Stress Injury Awareness Day And Designating The Month Of June Of Each Year As Post-traumatic Stress Injury Awareness Month In Hawaii.. Description: Requesting That June 27 Of Each Year Be Recognized As Post-traumatic Stress Injury Awareness Day And Designating The Month Of June Of Each Year As Post-traumatic Stress Injury Awareness Month In Hawaii.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Department Of Agriculture To Identify How Coffee Berry Borer And Coffee Leaf Rust Entered Into Hawaii And Measures To Prevent The Flow Of These Invasive Species Into The State To Protect The Ongoing Viability Of Hawaii's Coffee Industry.. Description: Urging The Department Of Agriculture To Identify How Coffee Berry Borer And Coffee Leaf Rust Entered Into Hawaii And Measures To Prevent The Flow Of These Invasive Species Into The State To Protect The Ongoing Viability Of Hawaii's Coffee Industry.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Hawaii Tourism Authority To Explore And Implement A Visitor Pledge Of Aloha To Educate And Explain The Importance Of Hawaii's Environment And Culture And Encourage Increased Respect And Appreciation Of The Hawaiian Islands.. Description: Urging The Hawaii Tourism Authority To Explore And Implement A Visitor Pledge Of Aloha To Educate And Explain The Importance Of Hawaii's Environment And Culture And Encourage Increased Respect And Appreciation Of The Hawaiian Islands.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Governor And County Mayors To Support And Further Dialogue And Convening Of Efforts Throughout All Sectors Of Hawaii To Proactively Develop New Initiatives That Strengthen aina-based Assets Toward A More Thriving Hawaii.. Description: Urging The Governor And County Mayors To Support And Further Dialogue And Convening Of Efforts Throughout All Sectors Of Hawaii To Proactively Develop New Initiatives That Strengthen aina-based Assets Toward A More Thriving Hawaii.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Attorney General To Petition The Hawaii Supreme Court Seeking Relief To Prevent Action Against The Reapportionment Commission For The Commission's Failure To Meet Statutory Or Constitutional Deadlines Relating To The 2021 Reapportionment Plans.. Description: Requesting The Attorney General To Petition The Hawaii Supreme Court Seeking Relief To Prevent Action Against The Reapportionment Commission For The Commission's Failure To Meet Statutory Or Constitutional Deadlines Relating To The 2021 Reapportionment Plans.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Transportation To Review, Revise, And Update Plans For The Daniel K. Inouye International Airport To Prepare For Future Pandemics, Prioritize User Experience, Establish A Hawaii Sense Of Place, Incorporate Green Building Standards, And Modernize Hawaii's Largest Airport.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Transportation To Review, Revise, And Update Plans For The Daniel K. Inouye International Airport To Prepare For Future Pandemics, Prioritize User Experience, Establish A Hawaii Sense Of Place, Incorporate Green Building Standards, And Modernize Hawaii's Largest Airport.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Convening A Public Racing Facility Working Group To Locate And Establish Public Racing Facilities On Oahu To Improve Safety, Boost Economic Activity, And Provide For Recreation.. Description: Convening A Public Racing Facility Working Group To Locate And Establish Public Racing Facilities On Oahu To Improve Safety, Boost Economic Activity, And Provide For Recreation.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Recess Days For The Regular Session Of 2021.. Description: Relating To Recess Days For The Regular Session Of 2021.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Governor To Address The Legislature Concerning The Affairs Of The State.. Description: Requesting The Governor To Address The Legislature Concerning The Affairs Of The State.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Establishing A Joint Committee On Judicial Selection.. Description: Establishing A Joint Committee On Judicial Selection.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Urging The Board Of Education And Department Of Education To Elevate Hawaiian Language And Cultural Education In Public High Schools By Expanding Access To Hawaiian Language And Cultural Classes That Fulfill Core Requirements Throughout Secondary Education.. Description: Urging The Board Of Education And Department Of Education To Elevate Hawaiian Language And Cultural Education In Public High Schools By Expanding Access To Hawaiian Language And Cultural Classes That Fulfill Core Requirements Throughout Secondary Education.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Urging The Board Of Education And Department Of Education To Support And Implement Community Schools As A Strategy For Increasing Access To A High-quality Education.. Description: Urging The Board Of Education And Department Of Education To Support And Implement Community Schools As A Strategy For Increasing Access To A High-quality Education.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Hawaii State Commission On The Status Of Women To Convene A Task Force To Study Missing And Murdered Native Hawaiian Women And Girls.. Description: Requesting The Hawaii State Commission On The Status Of Women To Convene A Task Force To Study Missing And Murdered Native Hawaiian Women And Girls.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Authorizing The Issuance Of A Term, Non-exclusive Easement Covering A Portion Of State Submerged Lands At Kaalawai, Honolulu, Oahu, For The Existing Seawall, And For Use, Repair, And Maintenance Of The Existing Improvements Constructed Thereon.. Description: Authorizing The Issuance Of A Term, Non-exclusive Easement Covering A Portion Of State Submerged Lands At Kaalawai, Honolulu, Oahu, For The Existing Seawall, And For Use, Repair, And Maintenance Of The Existing Improvements Constructed Thereon.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Authorizing The Issuance Of A Term, Non-exclusive Easement Covering A Portion Of State Submerged Lands At Waimanalo, Koolaupoko, Oahu, For The Existing Pier, Seawall, And Steps, And For Use, Repair, And Maintenance Of The Existing Improvements Constructed Thereon.. Description: Authorizing The Issuance Of A Term, Non-exclusive Easement Covering A Portion Of State Submerged Lands At Waimanalo, Koolaupoko, Oahu, For The Existing Pier, Seawall, And Steps, And For Use, Repair, And Maintenance Of The Existing Improvements Constructed Thereon.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Authorizing The Issuance Of A Term, Non-exclusive Easement Covering A Portion Of State Submerged Lands At Kamaole, Kula, Maui, For The Existing Rubble Rock Revetment, Rock Wall, And Two Concrete Stairways, And For Use, Maintenance, Repair, Replacement, And Removal Of The Existing Improvements Constructed Thereon.. Description: Authorizing The Issuance Of A Term, Non-exclusive Easement Covering A Portion Of State Submerged Lands At Kamaole, Kula, Maui, For The Existing Rubble Rock Revetment, Rock Wall, And Two Concrete Stairways, And For Use, Maintenance, Repair, Replacement, And Removal Of The Existing Improvements Constructed Thereon.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Authorizing The Issuance Of A Perpetual, Non-exclusive Easement Covering A Portion Of State Submerged Lands At Maunalua, Honolulu, Oahu, For The Existing Storm Drain, And For Use, Repair, And Maintenance Of The Existing Improvements Constructed Thereon.. Description: Authorizing The Issuance Of A Perpetual, Non-exclusive Easement Covering A Portion Of State Submerged Lands At Maunalua, Honolulu, Oahu, For The Existing Storm Drain, And For Use, Repair, And Maintenance Of The Existing Improvements Constructed Thereon.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Authorizing The Issuance Of A Perpetual, Non-exclusive Easement Covering A Portion Of State Submerged Lands At Kaneohe, Koolaupoko, Oahu, For The Existing Storm Drain, And For Use, Repair, And Maintenance Of The Existing Improvements Constructed Thereon.. Description: Authorizing The Issuance Of A Perpetual, Non-exclusive Easement Covering A Portion Of State Submerged Lands At Kaneohe, Koolaupoko, Oahu, For The Existing Storm Drain, And For Use, Repair, And Maintenance Of The Existing Improvements Constructed Thereon.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Authorizing The Issuance Of A Term, Non-exclusive Easement Covering A Portion Of State Submerged Lands At Napili 2 And 3, Lahaina, Maui, For The Existing Walkway, And For Use, Repair, And Maintenance Of The Existing Improvements Constructed Thereon.. Description: Authorizing The Issuance Of A Term, Non-exclusive Easement Covering A Portion Of State Submerged Lands At Napili 2 And 3, Lahaina, Maui, For The Existing Walkway, And For Use, Repair, And Maintenance Of The Existing Improvements Constructed Thereon.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Authorizing The Issuance Of Term, Non-exclusive Easements Covering A Portion Of State Submerged Lands At Waiohuli-keokea (kihei), Wailuku, Maui, For The Existing Seawall, And For Use, Maintenance, And Repair Of The Existing Improvements Constructed Thereon.. Description: Authorizing The Issuance Of Term, Non-exclusive Easements Covering A Portion Of State Submerged Lands At Waiohuli-keokea (kihei), Wailuku, Maui, For The Existing Seawall, And For Use, Maintenance, And Repair Of The Existing Improvements Constructed Thereon.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Authorizing The Issuance Of A Term, Non-exclusive Easement Covering A Portion Of State Submerged Lands At Waiohuli-keokea Homesteads, Kihei, Maui, For The Existing Seawall, Rock Revetment, And Concrete Steps, And For Use, Repair, And Maintenance Of The Existing Improvements Constructed Thereon.. Description: Authorizing The Issuance Of A Term, Non-exclusive Easement Covering A Portion Of State Submerged Lands At Waiohuli-keokea Homesteads, Kihei, Maui, For The Existing Seawall, Rock Revetment, And Concrete Steps, And For Use, Repair, And Maintenance Of The Existing Improvements Constructed Thereon.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Authorizing The Issuance Of A Term, Non-exclusive Easement Covering A Portion Of State Submerged Lands At Waiohuli-keokea Homesteads And Beach Lots, Kihei, Maui, For The Existing Seawall And Rock Revetment, And For Use, Repair, And Maintenance Of The Existing Improvements Constructed Thereon.. Description: Authorizing The Issuance Of A Term, Non-exclusive Easement Covering A Portion Of State Submerged Lands At Waiohuli-keokea Homesteads And Beach Lots, Kihei, Maui, For The Existing Seawall And Rock Revetment, And For Use, Repair, And Maintenance Of The Existing Improvements Constructed Thereon.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Authorizing The Issuance Of A Term, Non-exclusive Easement Covering A Portion Of State Submerged Lands At Maunalua, Honolulu, Oahu, For The Existing Seawall, And For Use, Repair, And Maintenance Of The Existing Improvements Constructed Thereon.. Description: Authorizing The Issuance Of A Term, Non-exclusive Easement Covering A Portion Of State Submerged Lands At Maunalua, Honolulu, Oahu, For The Existing Seawall, And For Use, Repair, And Maintenance Of The Existing Improvements Constructed Thereon.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Department Of Health's Environmental Management Division To Ensure That Destinations To Which The State's Recyclable Waste Is Transported For Out-of-state Processing Abide By The Environmental Standards As Outlined By The Basel Convention.. Description: Urging The Department Of Health's Environmental Management Division To Ensure That Destinations To Which The State's Recyclable Waste Is Transported For Out-of-state Processing Abide By The Environmental Standards As Outlined By The Basel Convention.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Land And Natural Resources To Establish A Community Advisory Committee For Polihale State Park On The Island Of Kauai.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Land And Natural Resources To Establish A Community Advisory Committee For Polihale State Park On The Island Of Kauai.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Urging The Department Of Education To Develop And Implement A Program To Recruit And Employ Qualified Blind Persons To Serve As Orientation And Mobility Instructors And In Other Positions As Teachers Of Visually Impaired Students.. Description: Urging The Department Of Education To Develop And Implement A Program To Recruit And Employ Qualified Blind Persons To Serve As Orientation And Mobility Instructors And In Other Positions As Teachers Of Visually Impaired Students.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The United States Military To Clean Up Munitions And Explosives Of Concern In Hawaii Under The Military Munitions Response Program.. Description: Urging The United States Military To Clean Up Munitions And Explosives Of Concern In Hawaii Under The Military Munitions Response Program.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Transportation And Kauai Department Of Public Works To Conduct A Study To Identify And Recommend Methods To Alleviate Traffic Congestion At Certain Intersections Along The Kaumualii Highway.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Transportation And Kauai Department Of Public Works To Conduct A Study To Identify And Recommend Methods To Alleviate Traffic Congestion At Certain Intersections Along The Kaumualii Highway.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Convening A Working Group To Develop Recommendations For A Governance And Management Structure For Mauna Kea.. Description: Convening A Working Group To Develop Recommendations For A Governance And Management Structure For Mauna Kea.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Urging The United States Congress And President Of The United States To Enact The Protecting The Right To Organize Act Of 2021 As Expeditiously As Possible.. Description: Urging The United States Congress And President Of The United States To Enact The Protecting The Right To Organize Act Of 2021 As Expeditiously As Possible.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging United States President Joseph R. Biden, Jr. And The Asiapacific Economic Cooperation To Hold The 2023 Asiapacific Economic Cooperation Summit In The City And County Of Honolulu, State Of Hawaii.. Description: Urging United States President Joseph R. Biden, Jr. And The Asiapacific Economic Cooperation To Hold The 2023 Asiapacific Economic Cooperation Summit In The City And County Of Honolulu, State Of Hawaii.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The United States Congress To Grant Additional Authority To The Federal Communications Commission To Stop Unwanted And Illegal Robocalls.. Description: Urging The United States Congress To Grant Additional Authority To The Federal Communications Commission To Stop Unwanted And Illegal Robocalls.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Encouraging The City And County Of Honolulu To Plan For The Necessary Improvements To, And Revitalization Of, Hans L'orange Park.. Description: Encouraging The City And County Of Honolulu To Plan For The Necessary Improvements To, And Revitalization Of, Hans L'orange Park.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Authorizing The Issuance Of A Lease Covering State Submerged Lands At Pier 27 In Honolulu Harbor, Oahu, To Atlantis Submarines Hawaii, Llc.. Description: Authorizing The Issuance Of A Lease Covering State Submerged Lands At Pier 27 In Honolulu Harbor, Oahu, To Atlantis Submarines Hawaii, Llc.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Recognizing And Supporting Ongoing Collaborative Efforts To Implement A Statewide Strategy To Eliminate Viral Hepatitis Types A, B, And C In Hawaii.. Description: Recognizing And Supporting Ongoing Collaborative Efforts To Implement A Statewide Strategy To Eliminate Viral Hepatitis Types A, B, And C In Hawaii.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Reviewing And Approving The Action Taken By The Board Of Land And Natural Resources On A Land Exchange Between The State Of Hawaii And Parker Ranch, Inc.. Description: Reviewing And Approving The Action Taken By The Board Of Land And Natural Resources On A Land Exchange Between The State Of Hawaii And Parker Ranch, Inc.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Education To Create A Landscape Management Plan With Goals To Increase Tree Canopies On Public School Grounds, Document Existing Inventory And Talent, And Identify Additional Resources Required To Implement And Sustain The Plan.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Education To Create A Landscape Management Plan With Goals To Increase Tree Canopies On Public School Grounds, Document Existing Inventory And Talent, And Identify Additional Resources Required To Implement And Sustain The Plan.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Land And Natural Resources To Submit A Petition To List The Pueo As A Threatened Or Endangered Species Under The Endangered Species Act.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Land And Natural Resources To Submit A Petition To List The Pueo As A Threatened Or Endangered Species Under The Endangered Species Act.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Authorizing The Sale Of A Lease Of Certain Submerged Lands At Kaneohe Bay, Kaneohe, Oahu, For Recreational Boat Pier Purposes, By Public Auction.. Description: Authorizing The Sale Of A Lease Of Certain Submerged Lands At Kaneohe Bay, Kaneohe, Oahu, For Recreational Boat Pier Purposes, By Public Auction.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Establishment Of A Working Group To Assess The Status Of Act 14, Special Session Laws Of Hawaii 1995, And The Hawaiian Homes Commission Act Of 1920, As Amended.. Description: Requesting The Establishment Of A Working Group To Assess The Status Of Act 14, Special Session Laws Of Hawaii 1995, And The Hawaiian Homes Commission Act Of 1920, As Amended.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Transportation Services Of The City And County Of Honolulu To Conduct A Traffic Safety Analysis Regarding The Implementation Of Traffic Calming Systems Throughout State House District 38.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Transportation Services Of The City And County Of Honolulu To Conduct A Traffic Safety Analysis Regarding The Implementation Of Traffic Calming Systems Throughout State House District 38.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The United States Food And Drug Administration To Promote Transparency And Enforcement By Providing Individual Premarket Tobacco Product Application Applicant Information Of Hawaii Sellers To The Department Of The Attorney General For Law Enforcement Purposes.. Description: Requesting The United States Food And Drug Administration To Promote Transparency And Enforcement By Providing Individual Premarket Tobacco Product Application Applicant Information Of Hawaii Sellers To The Department Of The Attorney General For Law Enforcement Purposes.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The United States Congress, Federal Aviation Administration, And Hawaii Department Of Transportation To Take Every Action Necessary To Address Rapidly Increasing Safety Risks And Community Disruption Resulting From Insufficient Regulation Of Tour Helicopter And Small Aircraft Operations Throughout Hawaii Skies.. Description: Urging The United States Congress, Federal Aviation Administration, And Hawaii Department Of Transportation To Take Every Action Necessary To Address Rapidly Increasing Safety Risks And Community Disruption Resulting From Insufficient Regulation Of Tour Helicopter And Small Aircraft Operations Throughout Hawaii Skies.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Hawaii Community Foundation To Convene A Working Group To Develop A Public-private Partnership Model To Prepare For Hawaii's Post-pandemic Recovery.. Description: Requesting The Hawaii Community Foundation To Convene A Working Group To Develop A Public-private Partnership Model To Prepare For Hawaii's Post-pandemic Recovery.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Legislative Reference Bureau To Conduct A Study Examining The Parker Immunity Doctrine And Its Current Legal Status And The Extent Of Any Statutory Or Policy Implementation By Other States Relating To Collective Negotiation By Physicians.. Description: Requesting The Legislative Reference Bureau To Conduct A Study Examining The Parker Immunity Doctrine And Its Current Legal Status And The Extent Of Any Statutory Or Policy Implementation By Other States Relating To Collective Negotiation By Physicians.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Authorizing The Issuance Of A Term, Non-exclusive Easement Covering Portions Of State Submerged Lands At Wailea, Maui, Tax Map Key: (2) 2-1-008 For Beach Access Stairway Purposes.. Description: Authorizing The Issuance Of A Term, Non-exclusive Easement Covering Portions Of State Submerged Lands At Wailea, Maui, Tax Map Key: (2) 2-1-008 For Beach Access Stairway Purposes.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Hawaii Emergency Management Agency Convene A Resiliency Health Disaster Task Force To Develop A Coordinated Statewide Resiliency Health Disaster Plan.. Description: Requesting The Hawaii Emergency Management Agency Convene A Resiliency Health Disaster Task Force To Develop A Coordinated Statewide Resiliency Health Disaster Plan.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging Hawaii Helicopter Companies To Avoid Conducting Nonemergency Flights Over Residential Neighborhoods.. Description: Urging Hawaii Helicopter Companies To Avoid Conducting Nonemergency Flights Over Residential Neighborhoods.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Department Of Facility Maintenance Of The City And County Of Honolulu, In Conjunction With The United States Army Corps Of Engineers And Department Of Environmental Services Of The City And County Of Honolulu, To Immediately And Regularly Clean The Drainage Canals And Streams In Waimanalo, Kaneohe, And Kailua And Develop Recommended Cleaning Schedules For Drainage Canals And Streams.. Description: Urging The Department Of Facility Maintenance Of The City And County Of Honolulu, In Conjunction With The United States Army Corps Of Engineers And Department Of Environmental Services Of The City And County Of Honolulu, To Immediately And Regularly Clean The Drainage Canals And Streams In Waimanalo, Kaneohe, And Kailua And Develop Recommended Cleaning Schedules For Drainage Canals And Streams.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Formation Of A Task Force On North Road Management.. Description: Requesting The Formation Of A Task Force On North Road Management.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of The Attorney General To Develop And Implement A Program To Prevent, And To Assist Victims Of, Human Trafficking And Child Commercial Sexual Exploitation.. Description: Requesting The Department Of The Attorney General To Develop And Implement A Program To Prevent, And To Assist Victims Of, Human Trafficking And Child Commercial Sexual Exploitation.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Office Of Planning, In Collaboration With Various Agencies, To Develop A Plan To Establish A State Geological Survey In Hawaii.. Description: Requesting The Office Of Planning, In Collaboration With Various Agencies, To Develop A Plan To Establish A State Geological Survey In Hawaii.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Authorizing The Issuance Of A Perpetual, Non-exclusive Easement Covering Portions Of State Submerged Lands At Maunalua, Oahu, Hawaii, For The Construction And Maintenance Of A Rock Groin To Slow The Rate Of Sediment Deposition Into The Entrance Channel Of The Hawaii Kai Marina.. Description: Authorizing The Issuance Of A Perpetual, Non-exclusive Easement Covering Portions Of State Submerged Lands At Maunalua, Oahu, Hawaii, For The Construction And Maintenance Of A Rock Groin To Slow The Rate Of Sediment Deposition Into The Entrance Channel Of The Hawaii Kai Marina.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Director Of Labor And Industrial Relations To Convene A Task Force To Study, Design, And Develop A Paid Family Leave Pilot Program.. Description: Requesting The Director Of Labor And Industrial Relations To Convene A Task Force To Study, Design, And Develop A Paid Family Leave Pilot Program.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Auditor To Update Its Report No. 12-09, Which Assesses The Social And Financial Effects Of Mandatory Health Insurance Coverage For Fertility Preservation Procedures For Persons Of Reproductive Age Who Have Been Diagnosed With Cancer And Will Undergo Treatment That, Based On A Medical Determination By The Person's Physician, Will Most Likely Cause Infertility.. Description: Requesting The Auditor To Update Its Report No. 12-09, Which Assesses The Social And Financial Effects Of Mandatory Health Insurance Coverage For Fertility Preservation Procedures For Persons Of Reproductive Age Who Have Been Diagnosed With Cancer And Will Undergo Treatment That, Based On A Medical Determination By The Person's Physician, Will Most Likely Cause Infertility.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Asserting That Racism Is A Public Health Crisis And Urging The State To Commit To Recognizing And Addressing The Resulting Inequities.. Description: Asserting That Racism Is A Public Health Crisis And Urging The State To Commit To Recognizing And Addressing The Resulting Inequities.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Declaring Racism As A Public Health Crisis.. Description: Declaring Racism As A Public Health Crisis.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Commerce And Consumer Affairs, Following The Completion Of The Department Of Commerce And Consumer Affairs' Division Of Financial Institutions' And Hawaii Technology Development Corporation's Study, To Reconsider Its 2016 Ruling On Asset Reserve Requirements For Digital Currency Companies, Virtual Currency Companies, And Cryptocurrency Companies To Conduct Business In Hawaii And To Align The State's Asset Reserve Requirements For These Companies With The Asset Reserve Requirements In Other States.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Commerce And Consumer Affairs, Following The Completion Of The Department Of Commerce And Consumer Affairs' Division Of Financial Institutions' And Hawaii Technology Development Corporation's Study, To Reconsider Its 2016 Ruling On Asset Reserve Requirements For Digital Currency Companies, Virtual Currency Companies, And Cryptocurrency Companies To Conduct Business In Hawaii And To Align The State's Asset Reserve Requirements For These Companies With The Asset Reserve Requirements In Other States.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Urging The Department Of Agriculture, Department Of Health, Department Of Land And Natural Resources, And University Of Hawaii To Develop And Implement A Mosquito Control Program That Uses Wolbachia Bacteria To Reduce Mosquito Population Levels Throughout The State.. Description: Urging The Department Of Agriculture, Department Of Health, Department Of Land And Natural Resources, And University Of Hawaii To Develop And Implement A Mosquito Control Program That Uses Wolbachia Bacteria To Reduce Mosquito Population Levels Throughout The State.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Governor To Convene A Working Group To Develop Recommendations For Effective Communications With Limited English Proficient Persons And Persons With Disabilities Before, During, And After Emergencies And Natural Disasters.. Description: Requesting The Governor To Convene A Working Group To Develop Recommendations For Effective Communications With Limited English Proficient Persons And Persons With Disabilities Before, During, And After Emergencies And Natural Disasters.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The University Of Hawaii School Of Nursing And Dental Hygiene To Conduct An Analysis Of Advanced Practice Registered Nurses.. Description: Requesting The University Of Hawaii School Of Nursing And Dental Hygiene To Conduct An Analysis Of Advanced Practice Registered Nurses.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Legislative Reference Bureau To Conduct An Analysis Of Advanced Practice Registered Nurses And Physician Assistants.. Description: Requesting The Legislative Reference Bureau To Conduct An Analysis Of Advanced Practice Registered Nurses And Physician Assistants.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Hawaii Sister-state Committee To Evaluate And Develop Recommendations For The Initiation Of A Sister State Relationship Between The State Of Hawaii And The Prefecture Of Yamaguchi, Japan, And Forward Its Recommendation To The Legislature, Pursuant To Section 2293, Hawaii Revised Statutes, For Further Action.. Description: Requesting The Hawaii Sister-state Committee To Evaluate And Develop Recommendations For The Initiation Of A Sister State Relationship Between The State Of Hawaii And The Prefecture Of Yamaguchi, Japan, And Forward Its Recommendation To The Legislature, Pursuant To Section 2293, Hawaii Revised Statutes, For Further Action.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Convening A Working Group To Discuss The Future Development Plans In Kakaako Makai.. Description: Convening A Working Group To Discuss The Future Development Plans In Kakaako Makai.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Director Of Taxation To Waive Penalties And Interest Sought From Small Businesses And Individual Taxpayers As A Result Of Undue Hardship Related To The Coronavirus Disease 2019 Pandemic.. Description: Requesting The Director Of Taxation To Waive Penalties And Interest Sought From Small Businesses And Individual Taxpayers As A Result Of Undue Hardship Related To The Coronavirus Disease 2019 Pandemic.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Establishment Of A Burial Sites Working Group To Review And Recommend Improvements To The Burial Sites Program Within The State Historic Preservation Division.. Description: Requesting The Establishment Of A Burial Sites Working Group To Review And Recommend Improvements To The Burial Sites Program Within The State Historic Preservation Division.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Health To Apply To The Drug Enforcement Administration's Office Of Diversion Control For An Exception Under Title 21 Code Of Federal Regulations Section 1307.03, And Request Formal Written Acknowledgment That The Listing Of Marihuana, Marihuana Extract, And Tetrahydrocannabinols As Controlled Substances In Federal Schedule I Does Not Apply To The Protected Activities In Hawaii Revised Statutes.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Health To Apply To The Drug Enforcement Administration's Office Of Diversion Control For An Exception Under Title 21 Code Of Federal Regulations Section 1307.03, And Request Formal Written Acknowledgment That The Listing Of Marihuana, Marihuana Extract, And Tetrahydrocannabinols As Controlled Substances In Federal Schedule I Does Not Apply To The Protected Activities In Hawaii Revised Statutes.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing Mekia Kealakai's Birthday Of October 15 As Royal Hawaiian Troubadours Day.. Description: Recognizing Mekia Kealakai's Birthday Of October 15 As Royal Hawaiian Troubadours Day.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Business, Economic Development, And Tourism To Compile A Short List Of Fortune 500 Companies And Multi-national Corporations That Are Suitable To Relocate To Hawaii And Identify Means And Incentives To Entice These Businesses To Relocate.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Business, Economic Development, And Tourism To Compile A Short List Of Fortune 500 Companies And Multi-national Corporations That Are Suitable To Relocate To Hawaii And Identify Means And Incentives To Entice These Businesses To Relocate.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Legislative Reference Bureau To Conduct A Study Of Best Practices Regarding The Performance Of "incidental And Supplemental" Contracting Work.. Description: Requesting The Legislative Reference Bureau To Conduct A Study Of Best Practices Regarding The Performance Of "incidental And Supplemental" Contracting Work.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting That A Working Group Be Convened To Make Recommendations On Flood Mitigation At The Intersection Of East Manoa Road And Oahu Avenue.. Description: Requesting That A Working Group Be Convened To Make Recommendations On Flood Mitigation At The Intersection Of East Manoa Road And Oahu Avenue.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Condemning All Forms Of Anti-asian Sentiment As Related To Covid-19; Urging Greater Investment In Federal, State, And Local Resources To Develop And Support Communitywide Solutions; And Requesting The Civil Rights Division Of The United States Department Of Justice To Identify And Analyze Incidents Based On Anti-asian And Anti-pacific Islander Sentiment And Disproportionate Numbers Of Homicides Of Asian-americans And Pacific Islanders By Law Enforcement.. Description: Condemning All Forms Of Anti-asian Sentiment As Related To Covid-19; Urging Greater Investment In Federal, State, And Local Resources To Develop And Support Communitywide Solutions; And Requesting The Civil Rights Division Of The United States Department Of Justice To Identify And Analyze Incidents Based On Anti-asian And Anti-pacific Islander Sentiment And Disproportionate Numbers Of Homicides Of Asian-americans And Pacific Islanders By Law Enforcement.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Strongly Urging The Department Of Land And Natural Resources To Work With The International Dialogue On Underwater Munitions' International Scientific And Technology Advisory Board On Underwater Munitions To Seek And Secure Federal Funding For The Non-destructive Disposal Of Thousands Of Tons Of Underwater Munitions Dumped, Lost, Or Abandoned In Hawaiian Waters.. Description: Strongly Urging The Department Of Land And Natural Resources To Work With The International Dialogue On Underwater Munitions' International Scientific And Technology Advisory Board On Underwater Munitions To Seek And Secure Federal Funding For The Non-destructive Disposal Of Thousands Of Tons Of Underwater Munitions Dumped, Lost, Or Abandoned In Hawaiian Waters.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Supporting And Adopting The Goals Set Forth In The Digital Equity Declaration For Hawaii Adopted By The Broadband Hui.. Description: Supporting And Adopting The Goals Set Forth In The Digital Equity Declaration For Hawaii Adopted By The Broadband Hui.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Department Of Public Safety And The Department Of Human Services To Work With The Department Of Health, Department Of Education, And Judiciary To Submit A Plan To Account For Gender Identity With Respect To Incarcerated And Court-involved Youth And Work With The Sexual And Gender Minority Workgroup Within The Department Of Health To Address The Incidence Of Lgbtqi Youth In The Juvenile And Criminal Justice Systems.. Description: Urging The Department Of Public Safety And The Department Of Human Services To Work With The Department Of Health, Department Of Education, And Judiciary To Submit A Plan To Account For Gender Identity With Respect To Incarcerated And Court-involved Youth And Work With The Sexual And Gender Minority Workgroup Within The Department Of Health To Address The Incidence Of Lgbtqi Youth In The Juvenile And Criminal Justice Systems.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Board Of Land And Natural Resources To Enter Into A Long-term Water Lease With The Waioli Valley Taro Hui For The Hui's Existing Use Of Water From Waioli Stream Via Direct Negotiation, Upon Its Completion Of Requirements Pursuant To Chapter 343, Hawaii Revised Statutes.. Description: Requesting The Board Of Land And Natural Resources To Enter Into A Long-term Water Lease With The Waioli Valley Taro Hui For The Hui's Existing Use Of Water From Waioli Stream Via Direct Negotiation, Upon Its Completion Of Requirements Pursuant To Chapter 343, Hawaii Revised Statutes.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Authorizing The Issuance Of A Term, Non-exclusive Easement Covering A Portion Of State Submerged Lands At Kapaa, Kawaihau, Kauai, For Construction Of A Sandbag Groin And For Use, Repair, And Maintenance Of The Improvements Constructed Thereon.. Description: Authorizing The Issuance Of A Term, Non-exclusive Easement Covering A Portion Of State Submerged Lands At Kapaa, Kawaihau, Kauai, For Construction Of A Sandbag Groin And For Use, Repair, And Maintenance Of The Improvements Constructed Thereon.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Labor And Industrial Relations To Convene A Working Group To Improve Access To Government Services For Immigrants And Increase Immigrant Opportunities To Make Civic And Economic Contributions To The Community.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Labor And Industrial Relations To Convene A Working Group To Improve Access To Government Services For Immigrants And Increase Immigrant Opportunities To Make Civic And Economic Contributions To The Community.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Department Of Public Safety To Recognize The Value Of Culture-based Rehabilitation Activities In The State's Correctional System.. Description: Urging The Department Of Public Safety To Recognize The Value Of Culture-based Rehabilitation Activities In The State's Correctional System.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Convening Of A Working Group To Discuss The Role Of The Authorizer, Its Relationship With Charter Schools, The Accountability For The Use Of Public Funds, And Whether Or Not Legislation Is Required To Effectuate Any Desired Changes.. Description: Requesting The Convening Of A Working Group To Discuss The Role Of The Authorizer, Its Relationship With Charter Schools, The Accountability For The Use Of Public Funds, And Whether Or Not Legislation Is Required To Effectuate Any Desired Changes.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Urging The Department Of Transportation, Mayor Of The City And County Of Honolulu, And Honolulu City Council To Reroute Farrington Highway In Accordance With The 1998 Makaha Beach Park Master Plan.. Description: Urging The Department Of Transportation, Mayor Of The City And County Of Honolulu, And Honolulu City Council To Reroute Farrington Highway In Accordance With The 1998 Makaha Beach Park Master Plan.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Expressing Support For And Urging The International And Domestic Repatriation Of Native Hawaiian Art, Cultural Items, And Iwi Kupuna.. Description: Expressing Support For And Urging The International And Domestic Repatriation Of Native Hawaiian Art, Cultural Items, And Iwi Kupuna.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Chief Justice Of The Hawaii Supreme Court To Address The Legislature Assembled In Joint Session For The State Of The Judiciary Address.. Description: Requesting The Chief Justice Of The Hawaii Supreme Court To Address The Legislature Assembled In Joint Session For The State Of The Judiciary Address.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Counties To Study How Inclusionary Zoning Impacts Housing Supply.. Description: Requesting The Counties To Study How Inclusionary Zoning Impacts Housing Supply.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Urging The Counties To Produce Land Use Plans That Account For Housing Production And Demand.. Description: Urging The Counties To Produce Land Use Plans That Account For Housing Production And Demand.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Recognizing The Importance Of 21st Century Data Governance For Fact-based Policymaking.. Description: Recognizing The Importance Of 21st Century Data Governance For Fact-based Policymaking.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Urging The Department Of Education To Develop And Implement A Program To Recruit And Employ Qualified Blind Persons To Serve As Orientation And Mobility Instructors And In Other Positions As Teachers Of Visually Impaired Students.. Description: Urging The Department Of Education To Develop And Implement A Program To Recruit And Employ Qualified Blind Persons To Serve As Orientation And Mobility Instructors And In Other Positions As Teachers Of Visually Impaired Students.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Office Of Enterprise Technology Services, In Collaboration With The National Federation Of The Blind Of Hawaii, To Convene A Working Group On Accessible Government Documents.. Description: Requesting The Office Of Enterprise Technology Services, In Collaboration With The National Federation Of The Blind Of Hawaii, To Convene A Working Group On Accessible Government Documents.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Hawaii State Commission On The Status Of Women To Convene A Task Force To Study Missing And Murdered Native Hawaiian Women And Girls.. Description: Requesting The Hawaii State Commission On The Status Of Women To Convene A Task Force To Study Missing And Murdered Native Hawaiian Women And Girls.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Convening A Task Force To Address Implementation Of Hawaii's State Law Corollary To Title Ix To Strengthen Hawaii's Efforts To End Campus-based Sexual Violence And Gender Discrimination.. Description: Convening A Task Force To Address Implementation Of Hawaii's State Law Corollary To Title Ix To Strengthen Hawaii's Efforts To End Campus-based Sexual Violence And Gender Discrimination.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Authorizing The Issuance Of A Term, Non-exclusive Easement Covering A Portion Of State Submerged Lands At Kaalawai, Honolulu, Oahu, For The Existing Seawall, And For Use, Repair, And Maintenance Of The Existing Improvements Constructed Thereon.. Description: Authorizing The Issuance Of A Term, Non-exclusive Easement Covering A Portion Of State Submerged Lands At Kaalawai, Honolulu, Oahu, For The Existing Seawall, And For Use, Repair, And Maintenance Of The Existing Improvements Constructed Thereon.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Authorizing The Issuance Of A Term, Non-exclusive Easement Covering A Portion Of State Submerged Lands At Waimanalo, Koolaupoko, Oahu, For The Existing Pier, Seawall, And Steps, And For Use, Repair, And Maintenance Of The Existing Improvements Constructed Thereon.. Description: Authorizing The Issuance Of A Term, Non-exclusive Easement Covering A Portion Of State Submerged Lands At Waimanalo, Koolaupoko, Oahu, For The Existing Pier, Seawall, And Steps, And For Use, Repair, And Maintenance Of The Existing Improvements Constructed Thereon.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Authorizing The Issuance Of A Term, Non-exclusive Easement Covering A Portion Of State Submerged Lands At Kamaole, Kula, Maui, For The Existing Rubble Rock Revetment, Rock Wall, And Two Concrete Stairways, And For Use, Maintenance, Repair, Replacement, And Removal Of The Existing Improvements Constructed Thereon.. Description: Authorizing The Issuance Of A Term, Non-exclusive Easement Covering A Portion Of State Submerged Lands At Kamaole, Kula, Maui, For The Existing Rubble Rock Revetment, Rock Wall, And Two Concrete Stairways, And For Use, Maintenance, Repair, Replacement, And Removal Of The Existing Improvements Constructed Thereon.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Authorizing The Issuance Of A Perpetual, Non-exclusive Easement Covering A Portion Of State Submerged Lands At Maunalua, Honolulu, Oahu, For The Existing Storm Drain, And For Use, Repair, And Maintenance Of The Existing Improvements Constructed Thereon.. Description: Authorizing The Issuance Of A Perpetual, Non-exclusive Easement Covering A Portion Of State Submerged Lands At Maunalua, Honolulu, Oahu, For The Existing Storm Drain, And For Use, Repair, And Maintenance Of The Existing Improvements Constructed Thereon.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Authorizing The Issuance Of A Perpetual, Non-exclusive Easement Covering A Portion Of State Submerged Lands At Kaneohe, Koolaupoko, Oahu, For The Existing Storm Drain, And For Use, Repair, And Maintenance Of The Existing Improvements Constructed Thereon.. Description: Authorizing The Issuance Of A Perpetual, Non-exclusive Easement Covering A Portion Of State Submerged Lands At Kaneohe, Koolaupoko, Oahu, For The Existing Storm Drain, And For Use, Repair, And Maintenance Of The Existing Improvements Constructed Thereon.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Authorizing The Issuance Of A Term, Non-exclusive Easement Covering A Portion Of State Submerged Lands At Napili 2 And 3, Lahaina, Maui, For The Existing Walkway, And For Use, Repair, And Maintenance Of The Existing Improvements Constructed Thereon.. Description: Authorizing The Issuance Of A Term, Non-exclusive Easement Covering A Portion Of State Submerged Lands At Napili 2 And 3, Lahaina, Maui, For The Existing Walkway, And For Use, Repair, And Maintenance Of The Existing Improvements Constructed Thereon.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Authorizing The Issuance Of Term, Non-exclusive Easements Covering A Portion Of State Submerged Lands At Waiohuli-keokea (kihei), Wailuku, Maui, For The Existing Seawall, And For Use, Maintenance, And Repair Of The Existing Improvements Constructed Thereon.. Description: Authorizing The Issuance Of Term, Non-exclusive Easements Covering A Portion Of State Submerged Lands At Waiohuli-keokea (kihei), Wailuku, Maui, For The Existing Seawall, And For Use, Maintenance, And Repair Of The Existing Improvements Constructed Thereon.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Authorizing The Issuance Of A Term, Non-exclusive Easement Covering A Portion Of State Submerged Lands At Waiohuli-keokea Homesteads, Kihei, Maui, For The Existing Seawall, Rock Revetment, And Concrete Steps, And For Use, Repair, And Maintenance Of The Existing Improvements Constructed Thereon.. Description: Authorizing The Issuance Of A Term, Non-exclusive Easement Covering A Portion Of State Submerged Lands At Waiohuli-keokea Homesteads, Kihei, Maui, For The Existing Seawall, Rock Revetment, And Concrete Steps, And For Use, Repair, And Maintenance Of The Existing Improvements Constructed Thereon.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Authorizing The Issuance Of A Term, Non-exclusive Easement Covering A Portion Of State Submerged Lands At Waiohuli-keokea Homesteads And Beach Lots, Kihei, Maui, For The Existing Seawall And Rock Revetment, And For Use, Repair, And Maintenance Of The Existing Improvements Constructed Thereon.. Description: Authorizing The Issuance Of A Term, Non-exclusive Easement Covering A Portion Of State Submerged Lands At Waiohuli-keokea Homesteads And Beach Lots, Kihei, Maui, For The Existing Seawall And Rock Revetment, And For Use, Repair, And Maintenance Of The Existing Improvements Constructed Thereon.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Authorizing The Issuance Of A Term, Non-exclusive Easement Covering A Portion Of State Submerged Lands At Maunalua, Honolulu, Oahu, For The Existing Seawall, And For Use, Repair, And Maintenance Of The Existing Improvements Constructed Thereon.. Description: Authorizing The Issuance Of A Term, Non-exclusive Easement Covering A Portion Of State Submerged Lands At Maunalua, Honolulu, Oahu, For The Existing Seawall, And For Use, Repair, And Maintenance Of The Existing Improvements Constructed Thereon.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Transportation And Kauai Department Of Public Works To Conduct A Study To Identify And Recommend Methods To Alleviate Traffic Congestion At Certain Intersections Along The Kaumualii Highway.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Transportation And Kauai Department Of Public Works To Conduct A Study To Identify And Recommend Methods To Alleviate Traffic Congestion At Certain Intersections Along The Kaumualii Highway.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Board Of Land And Natural Resources To Enter Into A Long-term Water Lease With Waioli Valley Taro Hui For The Hui's Existing Use Of Water From Waioli Stream Via Direct Negotiation, Upon Completion Of The Requirements Of Chapter 343, Hawaii Revised Statutes.. Description: Requesting The Board Of Land And Natural Resources To Enter Into A Long-term Water Lease With Waioli Valley Taro Hui For The Hui's Existing Use Of Water From Waioli Stream Via Direct Negotiation, Upon Completion Of The Requirements Of Chapter 343, Hawaii Revised Statutes.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Urging The Department Of Health's Environmental Management Division To Ensure That Destinations To Which The State's Recyclable Waste Is Transported For Out-of-state Processing Abide By The Environmental Standards As Outlined By The Basel Convention.. Description: Urging The Department Of Health's Environmental Management Division To Ensure That Destinations To Which The State's Recyclable Waste Is Transported For Out-of-state Processing Abide By The Environmental Standards As Outlined By The Basel Convention.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Public Safety To Allow Faith Pods Based On Kapu Aloha To Be Established Within Each Correctional Center.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Public Safety To Allow Faith Pods Based On Kapu Aloha To Be Established Within Each Correctional Center.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Empowerment Of Young Women By Recognizing October 11, 2021, As The International Day Of The Girl.. Description: Urging The Empowerment Of Young Women By Recognizing October 11, 2021, As The International Day Of The Girl.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Legislative Reference Bureau To Conduct A Study Of The Benefits And Drawbacks Of Implementing Term Limits For Members Of The Legislature.. Description: Requesting The Legislative Reference Bureau To Conduct A Study Of The Benefits And Drawbacks Of Implementing Term Limits For Members Of The Legislature.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Hawaiian Home Lands, In Conjunction With The County Of Hawaii Department Of Water Supply, To Provide A Progress Report Regarding The Development Of The Kau Water System.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Hawaiian Home Lands, In Conjunction With The County Of Hawaii Department Of Water Supply, To Provide A Progress Report Regarding The Development Of The Kau Water System.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Business, Economic Development, And Tourism And Department Of Accounting And General Services To Conduct A Cost Analysis Study Of Consolidating West Hawaii State Offices Into A Single Conveniently Located Complex.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Business, Economic Development, And Tourism And Department Of Accounting And General Services To Conduct A Cost Analysis Study Of Consolidating West Hawaii State Offices Into A Single Conveniently Located Complex.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Office Of Primary Care And Rural Health To Facilitate Discussions With Key Community Health And Social Service Organizations Within West Hawaii And Major Healthcare Stakeholders In Senate District 3 To Address The Health And Wellness Needs Of The Most Vulnerable By Aligning The Goals And Objectives Of Key Organizations Into One Shared 2030 Health Vision Plan.. Description: Requesting The Office Of Primary Care And Rural Health To Facilitate Discussions With Key Community Health And Social Service Organizations Within West Hawaii And Major Healthcare Stakeholders In Senate District 3 To Address The Health And Wellness Needs Of The Most Vulnerable By Aligning The Goals And Objectives Of Key Organizations Into One Shared 2030 Health Vision Plan.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Business, Economic Development, And Tourism; The Executive Office Of Aging; And The County Of Hawaii Office Of Aging To Conduct A Study On The Necessity And Feasibility Of A Senior Living Center In The Ka'u District.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Business, Economic Development, And Tourism; The Executive Office Of Aging; And The County Of Hawaii Office Of Aging To Conduct A Study On The Necessity And Feasibility Of A Senior Living Center In The Ka'u District.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Health To Provide A Plan For Improving Its Process For Fulfilling Vital Record Requests By Neighbor Island Residents.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Health To Provide A Plan For Improving Its Process For Fulfilling Vital Record Requests By Neighbor Island Residents.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Acknowledging And Requesting The United States Congress To Advance Measures Recognizing The Forthcoming Centennial Of The 1921 Tulsa Race Massacre.. Description: Acknowledging And Requesting The United States Congress To Advance Measures Recognizing The Forthcoming Centennial Of The 1921 Tulsa Race Massacre.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Governor's Coordinator On Homelessness To Provide A Status Update On Kukui'ola Village And Work With The Hawaii Interagency Council On Homelessness To Further Fund The Ka Lamaku Shelter Until The Construction Of Kukui'ola Village Is Completed.. Description: Requesting The Governor's Coordinator On Homelessness To Provide A Status Update On Kukui'ola Village And Work With The Hawaii Interagency Council On Homelessness To Further Fund The Ka Lamaku Shelter Until The Construction Of Kukui'ola Village Is Completed.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Health To Survey And Report On Cardiopulmonary Resuscitation Instruction Being Offered Throughout State Departments.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Health To Survey And Report On Cardiopulmonary Resuscitation Instruction Being Offered Throughout State Departments.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Hawaii State Department Of Education School Food Services Branch To Adopt An Addendum To Its Agreements For The aina Pono Hawaii State Farm To School Program Requiring The Procurement Of Goods And/or Services From Food Hubs.. Description: Urging The Hawaii State Department Of Education School Food Services Branch To Adopt An Addendum To Its Agreements For The aina Pono Hawaii State Farm To School Program Requiring The Procurement Of Goods And/or Services From Food Hubs.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Urging The County Of Hawaii To Utilize The Data Resulting From The 2020 United States Census To Establish, If Allowable, A Metropolitan Planning Organization For The County Of Hawaii.. Description: Urging The County Of Hawaii To Utilize The Data Resulting From The 2020 United States Census To Establish, If Allowable, A Metropolitan Planning Organization For The County Of Hawaii.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Urging The Department Of Human Services To Convene A Working Group To Explore The Creation Of A Sustainability Fund Or Other Methods Of Increasing Funding To Community Care Foster Family Home And Expanded Adult Residential Care Home Providers.. Description: Urging The Department Of Human Services To Convene A Working Group To Explore The Creation Of A Sustainability Fund Or Other Methods Of Increasing Funding To Community Care Foster Family Home And Expanded Adult Residential Care Home Providers.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Authorizing The Issuance Of A Lease Covering State Submerged Lands At Pier 27, In Honolulu Harbor, Oahu, To Atlantis Submarines Hawaii, Llc.. Description: Authorizing The Issuance Of A Lease Covering State Submerged Lands At Pier 27, In Honolulu Harbor, Oahu, To Atlantis Submarines Hawaii, Llc.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Declaring A Climate Emergency And Requesting Statewide Collaboration Toward An Immediate Just Transition And Emergency Mobilization Effort To Restore A Safe Climate.. Description: Declaring A Climate Emergency And Requesting Statewide Collaboration Toward An Immediate Just Transition And Emergency Mobilization Effort To Restore A Safe Climate.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Agriculture To Establish A Kona Area Agricultural Working Group To Promote Agriculture, Economic Development, And Housing.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Agriculture To Establish A Kona Area Agricultural Working Group To Promote Agriculture, Economic Development, And Housing.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Department Of Veterans Affairs To Recognize A Presumptive Service Connection For Chronically Ill Veterans Who Were Stationed At Kunia Field On The Island Of Oahu.. Description: Urging The Department Of Veterans Affairs To Recognize A Presumptive Service Connection For Chronically Ill Veterans Who Were Stationed At Kunia Field On The Island Of Oahu.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The United States Marine Corps To Complete An Environmental Impact Statement For The Shoreline Stabilization Project At The Puuloa Range Training Facility.. Description: Requesting The United States Marine Corps To Complete An Environmental Impact Statement For The Shoreline Stabilization Project At The Puuloa Range Training Facility.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Hawaii Climate Change Mitigation And Adaptation Commission And The County Of Hawaii To Collaborate To Identify Sea Level Rise At Kahaluu Bay And Jointly Pursue A Master Plan To Relocate The Pavilion At Kahaluu Bay, Hawaii.. Description: Requesting The Hawaii Climate Change Mitigation And Adaptation Commission And The County Of Hawaii To Collaborate To Identify Sea Level Rise At Kahaluu Bay And Jointly Pursue A Master Plan To Relocate The Pavilion At Kahaluu Bay, Hawaii.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Hawaii Health Systems Corporation To Convene A Task Force To Conduct A Feasibility Study For Construction Of A Hospital In North Kona And A Health Care Needs Assessment Of The West Hawaii Region.. Description: Requesting The Hawaii Health Systems Corporation To Convene A Task Force To Conduct A Feasibility Study For Construction Of A Hospital In North Kona And A Health Care Needs Assessment Of The West Hawaii Region.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Hawaiian Home Lands To Conduct An Analysis And Provide Data On The Number Of Department Of Hawaiian Home Lands Beneficiaries Who Have Applied For And Need Housing In Each County, By Income Classification, And Unit Type.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Hawaiian Home Lands To Conduct An Analysis And Provide Data On The Number Of Department Of Hawaiian Home Lands Beneficiaries Who Have Applied For And Need Housing In Each County, By Income Classification, And Unit Type.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Department Of Land And Natural Resources To Adopt Administrative Rules To Streamline The Process For Allowing Traditional Hawaiian Farming Systems On Conservation Lands.. Description: Urging The Department Of Land And Natural Resources To Adopt Administrative Rules To Streamline The Process For Allowing Traditional Hawaiian Farming Systems On Conservation Lands.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Governor To Convene And Participate In The Hawaii Circular Economy Task Force That Supports Hawaii's Transition Toward A Circular Economy By 2035.. Description: Requesting The Governor To Convene And Participate In The Hawaii Circular Economy Task Force That Supports Hawaii's Transition Toward A Circular Economy By 2035.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Urging The Counties To Expand Property Tax Relief For Lands Purchased Pursuant To The Kuleana Act.. Description: Urging The Counties To Expand Property Tax Relief For Lands Purchased Pursuant To The Kuleana Act.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Authorizing The Sale Of A Lease Of Certain Submerged Lands At Kaneohe Bay, Kaneohe, Oahu, For Non-commercial Boat Pier Purposes, By Public Auction.. Description: Authorizing The Sale Of A Lease Of Certain Submerged Lands At Kaneohe Bay, Kaneohe, Oahu, For Non-commercial Boat Pier Purposes, By Public Auction.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Urging The Hawaiian Homes Commission To Appropriate One Hundred Per Cent Of Lease Revenues From Commercial Property Uses To Homeland Lot Development.. Description: Urging The Hawaiian Homes Commission To Appropriate One Hundred Per Cent Of Lease Revenues From Commercial Property Uses To Homeland Lot Development.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Reaffirming The State's Commitment To Combat Climate Change And Prioritize Climate Change Legislation.. Description: Reaffirming The State's Commitment To Combat Climate Change And Prioritize Climate Change Legislation.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Urging Members Of The United States Congress To Enact Federal Legislation Granting Statehood To The People Of Washington, D.c.. Description: Urging Members Of The United States Congress To Enact Federal Legislation Granting Statehood To The People Of Washington, D.c.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Education To Convene A Working Group To Create A Model Statewide School Policy On Student Suicide Prevention, Intervention, And Postvention In Grades K-12.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Education To Convene A Working Group To Create A Model Statewide School Policy On Student Suicide Prevention, Intervention, And Postvention In Grades K-12.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Condemning And Denouncing All Forms Of Anti-asian Sentiment And All Acts Of Racism, Xenophobia, Intolerance, Discrimination, Hate Crime, And Hate Speech Against Asian Americans And Asian Individuals In The United States And Requesting The Hawaii Civil Rights Commission To Analyze And Report On Anti-asian Sentiment And Acts In The State.. Description: Condemning And Denouncing All Forms Of Anti-asian Sentiment And All Acts Of Racism, Xenophobia, Intolerance, Discrimination, Hate Crime, And Hate Speech Against Asian Americans And Asian Individuals In The United States And Requesting The Hawaii Civil Rights Commission To Analyze And Report On Anti-asian Sentiment And Acts In The State.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing October 4 Through October 8, 2021, As Digital Inclusion Week In The State Of Hawaii.. Description: Recognizing October 4 Through October 8, 2021, As Digital Inclusion Week In The State Of Hawaii.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Hawaii Emergency Management Agency To Develop An Evacuation Plan For The Areas Within Lava Zones 1, 2, 3, 4, And 6.. Description: Requesting The Hawaii Emergency Management Agency To Develop An Evacuation Plan For The Areas Within Lava Zones 1, 2, 3, 4, And 6.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Auditor To Conduct A Sunrise Analysis On Licensing And/or Certification Of Community Health Workers.. Description: Requesting The Auditor To Conduct A Sunrise Analysis On Licensing And/or Certification Of Community Health Workers.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Business, Economic Development And Tourism To Establish A Working Group To Develop Funding Sources For Rural Broadband Improvements.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Business, Economic Development And Tourism To Establish A Working Group To Develop Funding Sources For Rural Broadband Improvements.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Urging The State Of Hawaii Department Of Defense To Continue To Operate The Hawaii National Guard Youth Challenge Academy Hilo Campus.. Description: Urging The State Of Hawaii Department Of Defense To Continue To Operate The Hawaii National Guard Youth Challenge Academy Hilo Campus.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Urging The Governor To Require The Director Of Finance To Conduct A Statewide Program And Budget Performance Review, Pursuant To Section 37-70, Hawaii Revised Statutes, And Report To The Legislature In Every Odd-numbered Year.. Description: Urging The Governor To Require The Director Of Finance To Conduct A Statewide Program And Budget Performance Review, Pursuant To Section 37-70, Hawaii Revised Statutes, And Report To The Legislature In Every Odd-numbered Year.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Office Of Planning To Convene An Interdisciplinary Task Force To Develop A Framework For A Sea Level Adaptation And Resilience Plan For The Waikiki District.. Description: Requesting The Office Of Planning To Convene An Interdisciplinary Task Force To Develop A Framework For A Sea Level Adaptation And Resilience Plan For The Waikiki District.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting That The City And County Of Honolulu Protect Pedestrians On Sidewalks By Creating Separate Facilities For Electric Scooters, Electric Bicycles, And Electric Trikes.. Description: Requesting That The City And County Of Honolulu Protect Pedestrians On Sidewalks By Creating Separate Facilities For Electric Scooters, Electric Bicycles, And Electric Trikes.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Auditor To Conduct An Audit Of The Department Of Land And Natural Resources' State Historic Preservation Division.. Description: Requesting The Auditor To Conduct An Audit Of The Department Of Land And Natural Resources' State Historic Preservation Division.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Urging The Department Of Education To Include The Teaching Of Financial Literacy In The Existing Personal Transition Plan Course Requirement For Each Student.. Description: Urging The Department Of Education To Include The Teaching Of Financial Literacy In The Existing Personal Transition Plan Course Requirement For Each Student.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Urging The Department Of Education To Use Coronavirus Aid, Relief, And Economic Security Act And Coronavirus Response And Relief Supplemental Appropriations Act Monies To Retain Teachers And Prevent Furloughs.. Description: Urging The Department Of Education To Use Coronavirus Aid, Relief, And Economic Security Act And Coronavirus Response And Relief Supplemental Appropriations Act Monies To Retain Teachers And Prevent Furloughs.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Authorizing The Issuance Of A Term, Non-exclusive Easement Covering A Portion Of State Submerged Lands At Kuau, Hamakuapoko, Maui, For The Existing Seawall And Concrete Steps, And For Use, Repair, And Maintenance Of The Existing Improvements Constructed Thereon.. Description: Authorizing The Issuance Of A Term, Non-exclusive Easement Covering A Portion Of State Submerged Lands At Kuau, Hamakuapoko, Maui, For The Existing Seawall And Concrete Steps, And For Use, Repair, And Maintenance Of The Existing Improvements Constructed Thereon.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Supporting And Adopting The Goals Set Forth In The Digital Equity Declaration For Hawaii Adopted By The Broadband Hui.. Description: Supporting And Adopting The Goals Set Forth In The Digital Equity Declaration For Hawaii Adopted By The Broadband Hui.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Urging The University Of Hawaii System And Department Of Education To Include Training, Courses, And Curricula Related To The Mechanics, Repair, And Maintenance Of Electric Vehicles, Hydrogen Vehicles, And Other Alternative Fuel Vehicles In Their Programs.. Description: Urging The University Of Hawaii System And Department Of Education To Include Training, Courses, And Curricula Related To The Mechanics, Repair, And Maintenance Of Electric Vehicles, Hydrogen Vehicles, And Other Alternative Fuel Vehicles In Their Programs.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Agriculture To Consider Amending The Eligibility Qualifications And Lease Terms For Its Agricultural Lots To Aid Small Farm Businesses.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Agriculture To Consider Amending The Eligibility Qualifications And Lease Terms For Its Agricultural Lots To Aid Small Farm Businesses.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Governor To Convene A Working Group To Develop Recommendations For Effective Communications With Limited English Proficient Persons And Persons With Disabilities Before, During, And After Emergencies And Natural Disasters.. Description: Requesting The Governor To Convene A Working Group To Develop Recommendations For Effective Communications With Limited English Proficient Persons And Persons With Disabilities Before, During, And After Emergencies And Natural Disasters.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Convening Of A Retirement Savings Program Task Force To Assess The Feasibility Of Establishing A Hawaii Retirement Savings Program For Private Sector Employees Without Access To Employer-sponsored Retirement Plans.. Description: Requesting The Convening Of A Retirement Savings Program Task Force To Assess The Feasibility Of Establishing A Hawaii Retirement Savings Program For Private Sector Employees Without Access To Employer-sponsored Retirement Plans.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Director Of Labor And Industrial Relations To Convene A Task Force On Paid Family Leave.. Description: Requesting The Director Of Labor And Industrial Relations To Convene A Task Force On Paid Family Leave.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Ratifying A Proposed Amendment To The Constitution Of The United States Giving The Congress Of The United States Power To Limit, Regulate, And Prohibit The Labor Of Persons Under Eighteen Years Of Age.. Description: Ratifying A Proposed Amendment To The Constitution Of The United States Giving The Congress Of The United States Power To Limit, Regulate, And Prohibit The Labor Of Persons Under Eighteen Years Of Age.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Education To Provide Free Menstrual Products To Students On All Hawaii Public School Campuses.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Education To Provide Free Menstrual Products To Students On All Hawaii Public School Campuses.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Hawaii Emergency Management Agency To Convene A Task Force To Study And Identify Appropriate Stockpile Storage Facility Options To Store And Distribute Emergency Supplies In The State Of Hawaii.. Description: Requesting The Hawaii Emergency Management Agency To Convene A Task Force To Study And Identify Appropriate Stockpile Storage Facility Options To Store And Distribute Emergency Supplies In The State Of Hawaii.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Authorizing The Issuance Of A Perpetual, Non-exclusive Easement Covering Portions Of State Submerged Lands At Maunalua, Oahu, Hawaii, For The Construction And Maintenance Of A Rock Groin To Slow The Rate Of Sediment Deposition Into The Entrance Channel Of The Hawaii Kai Marina.. Description: Authorizing The Issuance Of A Perpetual, Non-exclusive Easement Covering Portions Of State Submerged Lands At Maunalua, Oahu, Hawaii, For The Construction And Maintenance Of A Rock Groin To Slow The Rate Of Sediment Deposition Into The Entrance Channel Of The Hawaii Kai Marina.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The United States Military To Return Unused Land That Becomes Available At Bellows Air Force Station To The State Of Hawaii.. Description: Requesting The United States Military To Return Unused Land That Becomes Available At Bellows Air Force Station To The State Of Hawaii.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Public Safety To Correct Issues And Dismantle Barriers Relating To The Provision Of Civil Identification Documents To And Successful Community Reentry Of Inmates Exiting Incarceration.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Public Safety To Correct Issues And Dismantle Barriers Relating To The Provision Of Civil Identification Documents To And Successful Community Reentry Of Inmates Exiting Incarceration.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Department Of Public Safety To Increase Its Investment In Comprehensive Offender Reentry Training Programs For Individuals Exiting Correctional Facilities.. Description: Urging The Department Of Public Safety To Increase Its Investment In Comprehensive Offender Reentry Training Programs For Individuals Exiting Correctional Facilities.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Authorizing The Issuance Of A Term, Non-exclusive Easement Covering A Portion Of State Submerged Lands At Kapaa, Kawaihau, Kauai, For The Construction, Maintenance, And Repair Of A Temporary Sand Groin To Shelter Kuhio Beach From Nearshore Currents And Slow Littoral Drift.. Description: Authorizing The Issuance Of A Term, Non-exclusive Easement Covering A Portion Of State Submerged Lands At Kapaa, Kawaihau, Kauai, For The Construction, Maintenance, And Repair Of A Temporary Sand Groin To Shelter Kuhio Beach From Nearshore Currents And Slow Littoral Drift.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The University Of Hawaii To Examine And Assess The Reasonableness And Feasibility Of The Current Policies, Standards, Rules, Guidelines, And Procedures Governing The University Housing Program.. Description: Requesting The University Of Hawaii To Examine And Assess The Reasonableness And Feasibility Of The Current Policies, Standards, Rules, Guidelines, And Procedures Governing The University Housing Program.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Health Developmental Disabilities Division To Convene A Task Force To Determine The Feasibility Of Changing Its Eligibility Criteria For The Home And Community-based Services Medicaid Waiver For Individuals Having Intellectual Or Developmental Disabilities, Or Mental Illnesses.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Health Developmental Disabilities Division To Convene A Task Force To Determine The Feasibility Of Changing Its Eligibility Criteria For The Home And Community-based Services Medicaid Waiver For Individuals Having Intellectual Or Developmental Disabilities, Or Mental Illnesses.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Urging The Governor, Department Of Transportation, Department Of Health, And Police Department Of Each County, To Develop An Expanded Statewide Public Awareness Campaign To Educate The Public About The State's "move Over Law".. Description: Urging The Governor, Department Of Transportation, Department Of Health, And Police Department Of Each County, To Develop An Expanded Statewide Public Awareness Campaign To Educate The Public About The State's "move Over Law".
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Urging The Department Of Transportation And The City And County Of Honolulu To Make Appropriate Safety Improvements To Certain Intersections And Roadways In The Ewa Beach Area.. Description: Urging The Department Of Transportation And The City And County Of Honolulu To Make Appropriate Safety Improvements To Certain Intersections And Roadways In The Ewa Beach Area.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Urging The City And County Of Honolulu To Install A Roof Covering The Restroom Facilities At Puuloa Beach Park.. Description: Urging The City And County Of Honolulu To Install A Roof Covering The Restroom Facilities At Puuloa Beach Park.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Urging The City And County Of Honolulu To Refurbish The Puuloa Beach Park Pavilion.. Description: Urging The City And County Of Honolulu To Refurbish The Puuloa Beach Park Pavilion.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting That The Year 2022 Be Designated As The Year Of Limu.. Description: Requesting That The Year 2022 Be Designated As The Year Of Limu.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Asserting That Racism Is A Public Health Crisis And Urging The State To Commit To Recognizing And Addressing The Resulting Inequities, And Study And Report To The Legislature On Economic Disparities That Contribute To The Detrimental Public Health Effects Of Racism.. Description: Asserting That Racism Is A Public Health Crisis And Urging The State To Commit To Recognizing And Addressing The Resulting Inequities, And Study And Report To The Legislature On Economic Disparities That Contribute To The Detrimental Public Health Effects Of Racism.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Authorizing The Issuance Of A Term, Non-exclusive Easement Covering Portions Of State Submerged Lands At Wailea, Maui, Tax Map Key: (2) 2-1-008 For Beach Access Stairway Purposes.. Description: Authorizing The Issuance Of A Term, Non-exclusive Easement Covering Portions Of State Submerged Lands At Wailea, Maui, Tax Map Key: (2) 2-1-008 For Beach Access Stairway Purposes.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Auditor To Conduct A Social And Financial Assessment Of Proposed Mandatory Health Insurance Coverage.. Description: Requesting The Auditor To Conduct A Social And Financial Assessment Of Proposed Mandatory Health Insurance Coverage.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting That The United States Congress Pass A Law That Criminalizes Any Act By A Current Or Former Law Enforcement Officer, Military Personnel, Or Politician That Is Contrary To Their Oath To Uphold The Constitution.. Description: Requesting That The United States Congress Pass A Law That Criminalizes Any Act By A Current Or Former Law Enforcement Officer, Military Personnel, Or Politician That Is Contrary To Their Oath To Uphold The Constitution.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of The Attorney General To Propose Legislation That Criminalizes Any Acts By Eligible Public Officials, Including Local Law Enforcement That Violate Their Oaths To Uphold The United States Constitution And Hawaii State Constitution.. Description: Requesting The Department Of The Attorney General To Propose Legislation That Criminalizes Any Acts By Eligible Public Officials, Including Local Law Enforcement That Violate Their Oaths To Uphold The United States Constitution And Hawaii State Constitution.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Encouraging The Department Of Education, Complex Areas, And Charter Schools To Implement School-wide Restorative Practices In The State's Public And Charter Schools.. Description: Encouraging The Department Of Education, Complex Areas, And Charter Schools To Implement School-wide Restorative Practices In The State's Public And Charter Schools.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Department Of Education To Coordinate With The Department Of Commerce And Consumer Affairs To Implement A Graduation Requirement Of At Least A Half Credit In Financial Literacy During The Junior Year Or Senior Year.. Description: Urging The Department Of Education To Coordinate With The Department Of Commerce And Consumer Affairs To Implement A Graduation Requirement Of At Least A Half Credit In Financial Literacy During The Junior Year Or Senior Year.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Convening Of A Working Group To Discuss The Role Of The Authorizer, Its Relationship With Charter Schools, The Accountability For The Use Of Public Funds, And Whether Or Not Legislation Is Required To Effectuate Any Desired Changes.. Description: Requesting The Convening Of A Working Group To Discuss The Role Of The Authorizer, Its Relationship With Charter Schools, The Accountability For The Use Of Public Funds, And Whether Or Not Legislation Is Required To Effectuate Any Desired Changes.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Encouraging The Governor To Maintain Teachers And School-level Personnel As Essential Workers During A Pandemic When Contemplating Emergency Furloughs And Layoffs.. Description: Encouraging The Governor To Maintain Teachers And School-level Personnel As Essential Workers During A Pandemic When Contemplating Emergency Furloughs And Layoffs.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The State Auditor To Perform An Audit Of The Department Of Education's Office Of Curriculum And Instructional Design.. Description: Requesting The State Auditor To Perform An Audit Of The Department Of Education's Office Of Curriculum And Instructional Design.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Urging The United States Congress, The Federal Aviation Administration, And The Hawaii Department Of Transportation To Take Every Action Necessary To Address Rapidly Increasing Safety Risks And Community Disruption Resulting From Insufficient Regulation Of Tour Helicopter And Small Aircraft Operations Throughout Hawaii Skies.. Description: Urging The United States Congress, The Federal Aviation Administration, And The Hawaii Department Of Transportation To Take Every Action Necessary To Address Rapidly Increasing Safety Risks And Community Disruption Resulting From Insufficient Regulation Of Tour Helicopter And Small Aircraft Operations Throughout Hawaii Skies.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Department Of Land And Natural Resources To Examine And Consider Purchasing Reef Insurance To Support Nature-based Solutions To Protect Hawaii's Coastlines And Coastal Infrastructure From Natural Disasters.. Description: Urging The Department Of Land And Natural Resources To Examine And Consider Purchasing Reef Insurance To Support Nature-based Solutions To Protect Hawaii's Coastlines And Coastal Infrastructure From Natural Disasters.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Education To Create A Landscape Management Plan With Goals To Increase Tree Canopies On Public School Grounds, Document Existing Inventory And Talent, And Identify Additional Resources Required To Implement And Sustain The Plan.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Education To Create A Landscape Management Plan With Goals To Increase Tree Canopies On Public School Grounds, Document Existing Inventory And Talent, And Identify Additional Resources Required To Implement And Sustain The Plan.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Auditor To Assess The Social And Financial Effects Of Requiring Health Insurers To Provide Coverage For Health Care Services Related To Gender Transition Treatments.. Description: Requesting The Auditor To Assess The Social And Financial Effects Of Requiring Health Insurers To Provide Coverage For Health Care Services Related To Gender Transition Treatments.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Hawaii Tourism Authority To Develop An Implementation Plan Based On Tourism Hot Spots Identified In County Destination Management Action Plans.. Description: Requesting The Hawaii Tourism Authority To Develop An Implementation Plan Based On Tourism Hot Spots Identified In County Destination Management Action Plans.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting That The Office Of Planning, In Coordination With Each Executive Department, Identify Departmental Facilities And Infrastructure That May Be Vulnerable To Flooding And Other Impacts Of Sea Level Rise And Assess Options For Mitigating The Effects Of Sea Level Rise On Those Facilities And Infrastructure.. Description: Requesting That The Office Of Planning, In Coordination With Each Executive Department, Identify Departmental Facilities And Infrastructure That May Be Vulnerable To Flooding And Other Impacts Of Sea Level Rise And Assess Options For Mitigating The Effects Of Sea Level Rise On Those Facilities And Infrastructure.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The United States Senate And President Of The United States To Enact The Protecting The Right To Organize Act As Expeditiously As Possible.. Description: Urging The United States Senate And President Of The United States To Enact The Protecting The Right To Organize Act As Expeditiously As Possible.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The United States Congress To Consent To The Enactment Of Act 80, Session Laws Of Hawaii 2017.. Description: Requesting The United States Congress To Consent To The Enactment Of Act 80, Session Laws Of Hawaii 2017.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Urging State Departments And Attached Agencies To Train Their Boards And Commissions.. Description: Urging State Departments And Attached Agencies To Train Their Boards And Commissions.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Urging The Department Of Human Resources Development To Reexamine The Qualifications For State Positions That Are Currently Vacant And Replace The Qualification Of A Bachelor's Degree With An Associate Degree Or Certificate, Where Applicable. Description: Urging The Department Of Human Resources Development To Reexamine The Qualifications For State Positions That Are Currently Vacant And Replace The Qualification Of A Bachelor's Degree With An Associate Degree Or Certificate, Where Applicable
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Urging The Governor To Create A Task Force To Develop Recommendations On The Roles And Responsibilities Of The Department Of The Attorney General And Law Enforcement In Enforcing Emergency Proclamations To Mitigate The Further Spread Of The Coronavirus Disease 2019 In Hawaii.. Description: Urging The Governor To Create A Task Force To Develop Recommendations On The Roles And Responsibilities Of The Department Of The Attorney General And Law Enforcement In Enforcing Emergency Proclamations To Mitigate The Further Spread Of The Coronavirus Disease 2019 In Hawaii.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Judiciary To Consider Written Statements From Victims Or Families Of Victims When Approving A Plea-bargain.. Description: Requesting The Judiciary To Consider Written Statements From Victims Or Families Of Victims When Approving A Plea-bargain.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging All Law Enforcement Officers And Prosecuting Attorneys In The State To Vigorously Enforce And Prosecute Offenses Committed Against Essential Workers While On The Job.. Description: Urging All Law Enforcement Officers And Prosecuting Attorneys In The State To Vigorously Enforce And Prosecute Offenses Committed Against Essential Workers While On The Job.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Transportation To Initiate Three Innovative Pilot Projects Of Meaningful Scale To Modernize Transportation Infrastructure In Underserved Communities.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Transportation To Initiate Three Innovative Pilot Projects Of Meaningful Scale To Modernize Transportation Infrastructure In Underserved Communities.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Health To Explore Ways It Can Exercise Oversight Over Community Health Centers And Other Medical Service Entities When A Danger To The Community's Health Exists.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Health To Explore Ways It Can Exercise Oversight Over Community Health Centers And Other Medical Service Entities When A Danger To The Community's Health Exists.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The University Of Hawaii To Convene A Task Force To Examine And Assess Its Arrangement For Services With The Research Corporation Of The University Of Hawaii.. Description: Requesting The University Of Hawaii To Convene A Task Force To Examine And Assess Its Arrangement For Services With The Research Corporation Of The University Of Hawaii.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Business, Economic Development, And Tourism To Convene A Working Group To Produce An Integrated Strategic Plan For Regional Engagement By The State Of Hawaii In The Pacific Islands Region.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Business, Economic Development, And Tourism To Convene A Working Group To Produce An Integrated Strategic Plan For Regional Engagement By The State Of Hawaii In The Pacific Islands Region.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing The Centennial Celebration Of The Hawaiian Homes Commission Act Of 1920, As Amended.. Description: Recognizing The Centennial Celebration Of The Hawaiian Homes Commission Act Of 1920, As Amended.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Designating April As Tree Awareness Month In The State Of Hawaii.. Description: Designating April As Tree Awareness Month In The State Of Hawaii.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Affirming Support For The Purchase, Preservation, And Restoration Of Agricultural And Conservation Lands In Maunawili Valley, Oahu To Protect The Important Ancient And Historic Sites, Trails, And Waters In Maunawili Valley.. Description: Affirming Support For The Purchase, Preservation, And Restoration Of Agricultural And Conservation Lands In Maunawili Valley, Oahu To Protect The Important Ancient And Historic Sites, Trails, And Waters In Maunawili Valley.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Convening A Working Group To Update Plans For The Maunalua-makapuu Scenic Byway And Consolidate Management Along The Kaiwi Coast Scenic Shoreline.. Description: Convening A Working Group To Update Plans For The Maunalua-makapuu Scenic Byway And Consolidate Management Along The Kaiwi Coast Scenic Shoreline.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The United States Department Of Health And Human Services To Amend Its Policies Relating To Postpartum Sterilization Waiting Periods For Medicaid Recipients.. Description: Urging The United States Department Of Health And Human Services To Amend Its Policies Relating To Postpartum Sterilization Waiting Periods For Medicaid Recipients.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting Statewide Implementation Of The United Nations Universal Periodic Review Recommendations.. Description: Requesting Statewide Implementation Of The United Nations Universal Periodic Review Recommendations.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Urging The United States Congress To Amend The United States Code To Permit All Retired, Disabled Veterans To Receive Concurrent Retirement And Disability Payments.. Description: Urging The United States Congress To Amend The United States Code To Permit All Retired, Disabled Veterans To Receive Concurrent Retirement And Disability Payments.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Urging The Department Of Education To Include Civic Online Reasoning And Media Literacy In Its Information Technology Curriculum.. Description: Urging The Department Of Education To Include Civic Online Reasoning And Media Literacy In Its Information Technology Curriculum.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The University Of Hawaii And University Of Hawaii Professional Assembly To Convene A Task Force To Examine And Assess The University Of Hawaii Tenure System For Researchers And Other Non-instructional Faculty, And Compensation Structure Of Faculty Engaged In Activities Supported By Extramural Funding And Grants, In Comparison To Peer Higher Education Institutions Across The United States; And Propose The Best Practices To Be Implemented By The University Of Hawaii.. Description: Urging The University Of Hawaii And University Of Hawaii Professional Assembly To Convene A Task Force To Examine And Assess The University Of Hawaii Tenure System For Researchers And Other Non-instructional Faculty, And Compensation Structure Of Faculty Engaged In Activities Supported By Extramural Funding And Grants, In Comparison To Peer Higher Education Institutions Across The United States; And Propose The Best Practices To Be Implemented By The University Of Hawaii.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Urging The Board Of Education To Form A Special Committee Or Permitted Interaction Group To Monitor And Account For How The Department Of Education Is Spending Its Federal Relief Funds.. Description: Urging The Board Of Education To Form A Special Committee Or Permitted Interaction Group To Monitor And Account For How The Department Of Education Is Spending Its Federal Relief Funds.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Urging The Executive And Legislative Branches Of The State Of Hawaii To Promote And Realize The Vision And Full Potential Of The Global Alliance For International Collaboration In Space Initiative And Explore Ways To Provide State Administrative And Funding Support For The Initiative, In Consultation With The Hawaii Space Industry Innovation Program And Governor Ariyoshi Foundation.. Description: Urging The Executive And Legislative Branches Of The State Of Hawaii To Promote And Realize The Vision And Full Potential Of The Global Alliance For International Collaboration In Space Initiative And Explore Ways To Provide State Administrative And Funding Support For The Initiative, In Consultation With The Hawaii Space Industry Innovation Program And Governor Ariyoshi Foundation.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Business, Economic Development, And Tourism To Compile A Short List Of Fortune 500 Companies That Are Suitable To Relocate To Hawaii And Identify Means And Incentives To Entice These Companies To Relocate.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Business, Economic Development, And Tourism To Compile A Short List Of Fortune 500 Companies That Are Suitable To Relocate To Hawaii And Identify Means And Incentives To Entice These Companies To Relocate.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Office Of Hawaiian Affairs To Establish The Burial Sites Working Group To Examine The Burial Sites Program Under The Department Of Land And Natural Resources' State Historic Preservation Division.. Description: Requesting The Office Of Hawaiian Affairs To Establish The Burial Sites Working Group To Examine The Burial Sites Program Under The Department Of Land And Natural Resources' State Historic Preservation Division.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Submitting To The Legislature Of The State Of Hawaii For Review And Approval Of Action Taken By The Board Of Land And Natural Resources On A Land Exchange Between The State Of Hawaii And Parker Land Trust.. Description: Submitting To The Legislature Of The State Of Hawaii For Review And Approval Of Action Taken By The Board Of Land And Natural Resources On A Land Exchange Between The State Of Hawaii And Parker Land Trust.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Health To Convene A Medicinal Psilocybin And Psilocin Working Group To Examine The Medicinal And Therapeutic Effects Of Psilocybin And Psilocin Or Develop A Long-term Strategic Plan To Ensure The Availability Of Medicinal Psilocybin And Psilocin Or Psilocybin-based And Psilocin-based Products That Are Safe, Accessible, And Affordable For Eligible Adult Patients.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Health To Convene A Medicinal Psilocybin And Psilocin Working Group To Examine The Medicinal And Therapeutic Effects Of Psilocybin And Psilocin Or Develop A Long-term Strategic Plan To Ensure The Availability Of Medicinal Psilocybin And Psilocin Or Psilocybin-based And Psilocin-based Products That Are Safe, Accessible, And Affordable For Eligible Adult Patients.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Urging The Department Of Human Resources Development And Department Of Education To Establish And Offer A Qualified Roth Contribution Program To Their Retirement Plan Participants.. Description: Urging The Department Of Human Resources Development And Department Of Education To Establish And Offer A Qualified Roth Contribution Program To Their Retirement Plan Participants.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Auditor To Assess The Social And Financial Effects Of Mandating Health Insurance Coverage For Annual Mental Health Screening.. Description: Requesting The Auditor To Assess The Social And Financial Effects Of Mandating Health Insurance Coverage For Annual Mental Health Screening.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Urging The State To Consider And Adopt Innovative Policies To Improve Transit And Reduce Traffic Congestion.. Description: Urging The State To Consider And Adopt Innovative Policies To Improve Transit And Reduce Traffic Congestion.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing The Historic, Cultural, And Strategic Connections Between The Peoples Of Oceania, Of Which Hawaii And The Freely Associated States Are A Part.. Description: Recognizing The Historic, Cultural, And Strategic Connections Between The Peoples Of Oceania, Of Which Hawaii And The Freely Associated States Are A Part.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Broadband Hui To Include A Representative Of The Executive Office On Aging As A Member Of The Hui To Represent The Needs Of Kupuna With Regard To Digital Literacy, Broadband Access, And Computer Equipment.. Description: Urging The Broadband Hui To Include A Representative Of The Executive Office On Aging As A Member Of The Hui To Represent The Needs Of Kupuna With Regard To Digital Literacy, Broadband Access, And Computer Equipment.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Recognizing The Seventy-fifth Anniversary Of Diplomatic Relations Between The United States Of America And The Republic Of The Philippines.. Description: Recognizing The Seventy-fifth Anniversary Of Diplomatic Relations Between The United States Of America And The Republic Of The Philippines.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Transportation To Evaluate Traffic Congestion, Highway Flooding, And Road Safety Issues On Hawaii Island.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Transportation To Evaluate Traffic Congestion, Highway Flooding, And Road Safety Issues On Hawaii Island.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Legislative Reference Bureau To Conduct A Study To Examine The Use And Effects Of Transaction Medium Equity, Which Includes Electronic Transactions And Cash Transactions, On Consumers And Businesses In The State Of Hawaii.. Description: Requesting The Legislative Reference Bureau To Conduct A Study To Examine The Use And Effects Of Transaction Medium Equity, Which Includes Electronic Transactions And Cash Transactions, On Consumers And Businesses In The State Of Hawaii.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Hawaii Health Systems Corporation And The Department Of Health To Convene A Task Force To Develop Better Mission-driven Hiring And Training Of Culturally-accepted Interpreters Employed At Hawaii Health Systems Facilities And To Create Culturally-accepted Educational Materials On Preventative Care And Early Intervention To Assist Non-english Speaking Populations Seeking Care At Hawaii Health Systems Corporation Facilities.. Description: Requesting The Hawaii Health Systems Corporation And The Department Of Health To Convene A Task Force To Develop Better Mission-driven Hiring And Training Of Culturally-accepted Interpreters Employed At Hawaii Health Systems Facilities And To Create Culturally-accepted Educational Materials On Preventative Care And Early Intervention To Assist Non-english Speaking Populations Seeking Care At Hawaii Health Systems Corporation Facilities.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Hawaiian Home Lands To Provide Recommendations For The Maintenance Of South Point Access Road For Motor Vehicles And Pedestrian Traffic.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Hawaiian Home Lands To Provide Recommendations For The Maintenance Of South Point Access Road For Motor Vehicles And Pedestrian Traffic.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Urging The Department Of Agriculture To Expand Its Quarantine Facilities Of The Plant Quarantine Branch.. Description: Urging The Department Of Agriculture To Expand Its Quarantine Facilities Of The Plant Quarantine Branch.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Urging United States President Joseph R. Biden, Jr. And The Asia-pacific Economic Cooperation To Hold The 2023 Asiapacific Economic Cooperation Summit In Honolulu, Hawaii.. Description: Urging United States President Joseph R. Biden, Jr. And The Asia-pacific Economic Cooperation To Hold The 2023 Asiapacific Economic Cooperation Summit In Honolulu, Hawaii.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting That The Department Of Education, Hawaii High School Athletic Association, Big Island Interscholastic Federation, Oahu Interscholastic Association, Interscholastic League Of Honolulu, Maui Interscholastic League, And Kauai Interscholastic Federation Create A Plan To Implement Bass Fishing As A Sanctioned High School Sport.. Description: Requesting That The Department Of Education, Hawaii High School Athletic Association, Big Island Interscholastic Federation, Oahu Interscholastic Association, Interscholastic League Of Honolulu, Maui Interscholastic League, And Kauai Interscholastic Federation Create A Plan To Implement Bass Fishing As A Sanctioned High School Sport.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Department Of Transportation To Increase The Use Of Reclaimed Asphalt Pavement To Repave, Reconstruct, And Preserve State Streets, Roads, And Highways And Explore Use Of Other Products Using Reclaimed Asphalt.. Description: Urging The Department Of Transportation To Increase The Use Of Reclaimed Asphalt Pavement To Repave, Reconstruct, And Preserve State Streets, Roads, And Highways And Explore Use Of Other Products Using Reclaimed Asphalt.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Urging The Department Of Human Resources Development To Establish A New Civil Service Class For Project Managers Under Collective Bargaining Unit 13.. Description: Urging The Department Of Human Resources Development To Establish A New Civil Service Class For Project Managers Under Collective Bargaining Unit 13.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Establishing A Sister-state Relationship Between The State Of Hawaii, United States Of America, And The Prefecture Of Yamaguchi, Japan.. Description: Establishing A Sister-state Relationship Between The State Of Hawaii, United States Of America, And The Prefecture Of Yamaguchi, Japan.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Convening Of A Creative Resurgence Task Force To Build And Foster Creativity And Innovation Through The Arts, Culture, And Humanities.. Description: Requesting The Convening Of A Creative Resurgence Task Force To Build And Foster Creativity And Innovation Through The Arts, Culture, And Humanities.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Legislative Reference Bureau To Conduct A Study And Develop Statutory Definitions Of "creative Work" And "creative Workers" By Taking Into Consideration Hawaii's Existing Creative Work Industry, As Groundwork For The Legislature To Adopt Measures To Support Hawaii's Creative Workers.. Description: Requesting The Legislative Reference Bureau To Conduct A Study And Develop Statutory Definitions Of "creative Work" And "creative Workers" By Taking Into Consideration Hawaii's Existing Creative Work Industry, As Groundwork For The Legislature To Adopt Measures To Support Hawaii's Creative Workers.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting That A Working Group Be Convened To Develop Recommendations For Implementing The Revitalizing Economy And Agriculture Leadership Initiative.. Description: Requesting That A Working Group Be Convened To Develop Recommendations For Implementing The Revitalizing Economy And Agriculture Leadership Initiative.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting That A Working Group Be Convened To Develop Recommendations To Facilitate Homestead Agricultural Demonstration Projects In The State.. Description: Requesting That A Working Group Be Convened To Develop Recommendations To Facilitate Homestead Agricultural Demonstration Projects In The State.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting That The Public Utilities Commission Develop And Adopt Reliability Standards And Interconnection Requirements To Facilitate The Timely Interconnection Of Utility-scale Renewable Energy Projects.. Description: Requesting That The Public Utilities Commission Develop And Adopt Reliability Standards And Interconnection Requirements To Facilitate The Timely Interconnection Of Utility-scale Renewable Energy Projects.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Urging The United States Department Of Defense To Report Current Coronavirus Disease 2019 Statistics In Order To Help Protect The Military And Local Communities In Which The Government And Military Installations Are Located.. Description: Urging The United States Department Of Defense To Report Current Coronavirus Disease 2019 Statistics In Order To Help Protect The Military And Local Communities In Which The Government And Military Installations Are Located.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting That June 27 Of Each Year Be Recognized As Post-traumatic Stress Injury Awareness Day And Designating The Month Of June Of Each Year As Post-traumatic Stress Injury Awareness Month In Hawaii.. Description: Requesting That June 27 Of Each Year Be Recognized As Post-traumatic Stress Injury Awareness Day And Designating The Month Of June Of Each Year As Post-traumatic Stress Injury Awareness Month In Hawaii.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Urging The Department Of Agriculture To Identify How Coffee Berry Borer And Coffee Leaf Rust Entered Into Hawaii And Measures To Prevent The Flow Of These Invasive Species Into The State To Protect The Ongoing Viability Of Hawaii's Coffee Industry.. Description: Urging The Department Of Agriculture To Identify How Coffee Berry Borer And Coffee Leaf Rust Entered Into Hawaii And Measures To Prevent The Flow Of These Invasive Species Into The State To Protect The Ongoing Viability Of Hawaii's Coffee Industry.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Urging The Hawaii Tourism Authority To Explore And Implement A Visitor Pledge Of Aloha To Educate And Explain The Importance Of Hawaii's Environment And Culture And Encourage Increased Respect And Appreciation Of The Hawaiian Islands.. Description: Urging The Hawaii Tourism Authority To Explore And Implement A Visitor Pledge Of Aloha To Educate And Explain The Importance Of Hawaii's Environment And Culture And Encourage Increased Respect And Appreciation Of The Hawaiian Islands.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Urging The Governor And County Mayors To Support And Further Dialogue And Convening Of Efforts Throughout All Sectors Of Hawaii To Proactively Develop New Initiatives That Strengthen aina-based Assets Toward A More Thriving Hawaii.. Description: Urging The Governor And County Mayors To Support And Further Dialogue And Convening Of Efforts Throughout All Sectors Of Hawaii To Proactively Develop New Initiatives That Strengthen aina-based Assets Toward A More Thriving Hawaii.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Attorney General To Petition The Hawaii Supreme Court Seeking Relief To Prevent Action Against The Reapportionment Commission For The Commission's Failure To Meet Statutory Or Constitutional Deadlines Relating To The 2021 Reapportionment Plans.. Description: Requesting The Attorney General To Petition The Hawaii Supreme Court Seeking Relief To Prevent Action Against The Reapportionment Commission For The Commission's Failure To Meet Statutory Or Constitutional Deadlines Relating To The 2021 Reapportionment Plans.
In 2021, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Transportation To Review, Revise, And Update Plans For The Daniel K. Inouye International Airport To Prepare For Future Pandemics, Prioritize User Experience, Establish A Hawaii Sense Of Place, Incorporate Green Building Standards, And Modernize Hawaii's Largest Airport.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Transportation To Review, Revise, And Update Plans For The Daniel K. Inouye International Airport To Prepare For Future Pandemics, Prioritize User Experience, Establish A Hawaii Sense Of Place, Incorporate Green Building Standards, And Modernize Hawaii's Largest Airport.
In 2021, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Convening A Public Racing Facility Working Group To Identify A Location And Develop A Plan For The Establishment And Operation Of Public Racing Facilities On Oahu To Improve Safety, Boost Economic Activity, And Provide For Recreation.. Description: Convening A Public Racing Facility Working Group To Identify A Location And Develop A Plan For The Establishment And Operation Of Public Racing Facilities On Oahu To Improve Safety, Boost Economic Activity, And Provide For Recreation.
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Uniform Employee And Student Online Privacy Protection Act.. Description: Establishes The Uniform Employee and Student Online Privacy Protection Act that adopts uniform laws on protecting the online accounts of employees, prospective employees, unpaid interns, applicants, students, and prospective students from employers and educational institutions. Takes effect 1/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Childhood Sexual Abuse.. Description: Repeals statutory limitations on the time period in which a survivor of childhood sexual abuse may file suit. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Mental Health.. Description: Authorizes expenditures from the mental health and substance abuse special fund to be used for capital improvement projects. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Unattended Vehicles.. Description: Amends the maximum charges imposed for tow truck services. (HB65 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Contractors.. Description: Raises the threshold under the contractor licensing law's handyman exemption from $1,000 to $1,500 and makes it applicable only to the cost of labor and materials. (HB69 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Notarial Acts.. Description: Authorizes notaries public to perform remote notarizations under certain circumstances. (HB77 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Contractors.. Description: Prohibits the performance of incidental and supplemental work outside the scope of licensure by a specialty contractor on any project requiring the seal or stamp of a licensed structural engineer. Specifies that the performance of work in certain crafts or trades shall not be considered incidental and supplemental. (HB81 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Minimum Wage.. Description: Authorizes each county to establish a minimum wage that is a higher wage than the state minimum wage under Chapter 387, Hawaii Revised Statutes. (HB96 HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To State Funds.. Description: Defers further implementation of the executive and judicial branch salary increases that are scheduled for July 1, 2020, as well as planned raises for members of the legislature scheduled for January 1, 2021. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Government.. Description: Repeals the requirement that the state auditor conduct an annual review of certain rapid transit authorities in the State. Provides the auditor with specific direction and scope to complete the audit authorized by Act 1, SSLH 2017. Appropriates funds for the auditor to complete an audit of the Honolulu authority for rapid transportation. Requires the comptroller to withhold vendor contracts reimbursement until the auditor has received all documents that pertain to the reimbursement request. Repeals appointment of two non-voting ex-officio members to the board of directors of the county's rapid transportation authority authorized by Act 1, SSLH 2017. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Government Services.. Description: Clarifies the Office of the Legislative Analyst.
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Non-general Funds.. Description: Transfers administration of the Public Utilities Commission special fund to the Department of Commerce and Consumer Affairs. (HB124 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Non-general Funds.. Description: Abolishes various non-general funds and accounts of the Department of Land and Natural Resources and transfers the unencumbered balances to the general fund. Takes effect 12/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Hemp.. Description: Legalizes hemp to the extent legalized under federal law. Requires the Chairperson of the Board of Agriculture to prepare and submit a proposed state plan to monitor and regulate hemp production, including commercial production and research, to the federal Secretary of Agriculture pursuant to section 297B of the Agricultural Marketing Act of 1946, as amended. Authorizes the Department of Agriculture to monitor and regulate hemp production. Allows Industrial Hemp Pilot Project licensee to utilize hemp genetics. Requires reports to the Governor and Legislature. Effective 9/22/2050. (HB131 HD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Female Genital Mutilation.. Description: Establishes the class B felony offense of prohibited acts related to female genital mutilation. Includes commission of prohibited acts related to female genital mutilation in the statutory definition of child abuse or neglect and as a prohibited act under the State's Child Protective Act. (HB132 HD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Health.. Description: Requires public schools, private schools, and public charter schools to have an employee trained to administer seizure disorder rescue medication. Exempts schools that do not have a student with a seizure disorder. Requires a seizure action plan for every diagnosed student and distribution of the plan to employees charged with supervising the student. Requires all principals, guidance counselors, and teachers to perform self-review of seizure disorder materials annually. Makes an appropriation. Effective July 1, 2030. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Coffee Labeling.. Description: Directs and appropriates funds for UHERO to conduct an economic impact study regarding the impact of potential changes to coffee labeling laws on the local coffee industry. Establishes and appropriates funds for a coffee labeling task force. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Health.. Description: Establishes and appropriates funds for one full-time equivalent (1.00 FTE) permanent veterinary medical officer position within the Department of Health. (HB146 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Labor Law Compliance For Government Contracts.. Description: Specifies requirements for contractor or subcontractor payment to all mechanics and laborers employed on a government service contract job site. Permits governmental contracting agencies to withhold accrued payments as necessary to pay mechanics and laborers. Requires that contractors for public works projects maintain and submit weekly certified payroll records to demonstrate compliance with wage and hour requirements. Effective 1/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Crime.. Description: Increases criminal penalties for anyone who knowingly keeps or maintains any structure or place for the purpose of using controlled substances or which is used for keeping or selling them in violation of controlled substance laws. Increases certain criminal penalties for those who knowingly profit from or advance gambling. Effective 1/28/2081. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Violations Of Campaign Finance Law.. Description: Amends the allowable administrative fines for campaign finance violations committed by noncandidate committees making only independent expenditures. Effective 1/28/2081. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Reports Of Candidate Committees.. Description: Adds campaign spending report filing deadlines of April 30 and October 1 of a general election year for candidates and candidate committees. (HB163 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Electioneering Communications.. Description: Requires all persons and committees that make electioneering communication expenditures to a single vendor of more than $2,000 in aggregate within one week to file a report with the Campaign Spending Commission within thirty days of a primary election or sixty days of a general or special election. Amends the definition of "disclosure date" to mean the date when the electioneering communication is publicly distributed. Expands the definition of "electioneering communication" in section 11341(d), HRS, to apply to advertisements: (1) sent by any mail rate; and (2) that are expenditures of an organization. Repeals section 11341(e), HRS. Requires any advertisement by a noncandidate committee that makes only independent expenditures to disclose its top three contributors. Effective 3/15/2094. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Consolidation Of Motor Vehicle Driver's License And Civil Identification Card Forms.. Description: Consolidates the application forms for motor vehicle driver's licenses and civil identification cards. (HB176 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Cruelty To Animals.. Description: Prohibits specified trolleys, pulleys, cables, or running lines designed to attach a dog to two stationary objects in a configuration that endangers the dog, including by depriving the dog of sustenance. Prohibits tethering or restraining a dog under the age of six months unless the dog is engaged in an activity supervised by its owner or an agent of its owner. Prohibits tethering or restraining a dog with a tow or log chain if the tow or log chain inhibits the free movement of the dog. Prohibits tethering or restraining a dog with a choke collar, pinch collar, or prong collar unless the dog is engaged in an activity supervised by its owner or an agent of its owner. Effective 7/1/2150. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Renewable Energy.. Description: Repeals the renewable energy technologies income tax credit for solar energy systems that require a power purchase agreement approved by the Public Utilities Commission and wind-powered energy systems for commercial properties for taxable years beginning after 12/31/2019, except for certain taxpayers subject to a power purchase agreement approved or pending approval by a decision and order issued by the PUC prior to 12/31/2019. Increases the renewable energy technologies income tax credit cap amount for multi-family residential properties. Makes the renewable energy technologies income tax credit unavailable after 12/31/2045. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Issuance Of Special Purpose Revenue Bonds To Assist An Industrial Enterprise.. Description: Authorizes the issuance of special purpose revenue bonds to assist Kona Coast Water, LLC, with the financing of the planning, design, and construction of solar thermal facilities to desalinate water using renewable energy. (HB204 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Elections.. Description: Provides ranked choice method of voting for all partisan primary elections, special elections, and nonpartisan general elections held in this State on or after 1/1/2020. (HB210 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Private Property.. Description: Authorizes a property owner or agent to enter vacant adjacent property under certain conditions to control albizia trees before they become hazardous. Provides defense to criminal prosecution. (HB213 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Children.. Description: Requires that when an officer has custody of a child under the age of 16 for an alleged violation of law, the child shall have contact with legal counsel or a parent or legal guardian before the child waives any constitutional rights and before any custodial interrogation. Effective 1/28/2081. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Minors.. Description: Grants a circuit court, when sentencing a minor for a nonviolent criminal offense, the discretion to: (1) impose a sentence that includes a period of incarceration that is as much as fifty per cent shorter than any mandatory minimum; and (2) in certain cases, decline to impose a mandatory enhanced sentence. Takes effect 1/1/2059. (SD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Health.. Description: Appropriates funds for operating expenses of the department of health. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Dental Assistants.. Description: Establishes minimum requirements for dental assistants. Clarifies the allowable and prohibited practices by dental assistants. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Motor Vehicles.. Description: Prohibits vehicle lessors from renting, leasing, or offering for rent or lease, vehicles subject to a manufacturer's recall, until appropriate repairs are made. Defines peer-to-peer vehicle sharing related terms. Requires persons engaging in peer-to-peer vehicle sharing organization business to register with the director of taxation. Requires all vehicles rented or leased by peer-to-peer vehicle sharing organizations to carry minimum liability insurance coverage. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Education.. Description: Expands the powers of the Hawaii Teacher Standards Board to include approving professional development courses and programs necessary for teacher reclassification. (HB245 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Charter Schools.. Description: Provides funding for rental or lease of facilities under legislative appropriations and bond authorizations to the State Public Charter School Commission for the design, planning, construction, repair, and maintenance of public charter school improvements. Appropriates general funds for infrastructure costs, rental or lease assistance, and the repair and maintenance of network infrastructure for charter schools. (HB246 HD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Education.. Description: Appropriates funds for laptop or tablet computers to be used by teachers and students for digital teaching and learning. (HB251 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Motor Vehicles.. Description: Prohibits a person from intentionally or knowingly manufacturing, importing, installing, reinstalling, distributing, selling, or offering for sale any counterfeit supplemental restraint system component, nonfunctional airbag, or airbag that does not meet federal safety requirements with the intent that such device replace an airbag in any motor vehicle. Prohibits a person from intentionally or knowingly selling, offering for sale, installing, or reinstalling in a motor vehicle any device that causes the motor vehicle's diagnostic systems to fail to warn that the motor vehicle is equipped with a counterfeit supplemental restraint system component or nonfunctional airbag or that no airbag is installed, as applicable. (HB253 HD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Prescription Drugs.. Description: Requires drug manufacturers to notify prescription drug benefit plans and pharmacy benefit managers if a proposed increase in the wholesale price of certain drugs would result in a sixteen per cent or more price increase over a twoyear period. Requires the drug manufacturer to identify and report to the insurance commissioner information on certain drugs whose wholesale acquisition cost increases by a certain amount during a specified time frame. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Telecommunications.. Description: Caps annual utility rate increases without PUC approval for counties with a population of less than 500,000. Provides telecommunications service providers with flexibility from certain regulatory oversight requirements, including issuance of securities and other evidences of indebtedness, and sales or disposition of property or equipment, if the utility is providing fully competitive retail services and specific conditions are met. Specifies other requirements related to flexibility for telecommunications service providers. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii enrolled a bill titled: Relating To Public Safety.. Description: Requires county police departments to disclose to the Legislature the identity of an officer upon an officer's suspension or discharge. Amends the Uniform Information Practices Act to allow for public access to information about suspended officers. Authorizes the law enforcement standards board to revoke certifications and requires the board to review and recommend statewide policies and procedures relating to law enforcement, including the use of force. Allows the law enforcement standards board, until December 31, 2021, to finalize its standards and certification process. (CD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Vacant And Abandoned Residential Property.. Description: Requires counties to establish expedited procedures to approve demolition permits for vacant and abandoned residential homes. Allows the department of taxation to seek sale of the property through nonjudicial foreclosure of vacant and abandoned residential properties with outstanding recorded state tax liens at any time after establishing vacancy and abandonment. Takes effect 1/28/2081. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Infrastructure Maintenance In Housing Subdivisions.. Description: Requires lot owners in housing subdivisions to pay assessments for maintenance of subdivision roads and other infrastructure to an entity approved by a majority of homeowners or appointed by a court, or to the county. Requires the counties to provide oversight and management services to assessing entities. Applies to counties with a population between 175,000 and 250,000 people. Takes effect 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Domestic Abuse.. Description: Amends the definition of domestic abuse under Hawaii's insurance laws and domestic abuse protective order statutes to include emotional abuse between family or household members. Defines emotional abuse. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Intra-governmental Wheeling.. Description: Authorizes any government agency to engage in the wheeling of electricity that is produced at its own facilities from renewable energy resources, subject to disallowance by the Public Utilities Commission. Designates the Natural Energy Laboratory of Hawaii Authority as a microgrid demonstration project. Authorizes the Public Utilities Commission to allow wheeling within the boundaries of the Hawaii Ocean Science and Technology Park. (HB298 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Grants.. Description: Requires grantees to publicly recognize state support of projects that have been awarded grants. Effective 7/1/2050.
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Transportation.. Description: Requires the posting of depth gauge signs, in a manner consistent with the Federal Highway Administration's Manual on Uniform Traffic Control Devices, on any portion of a public highway that lies within a special flood hazard area and is prone to flooding. Appropriation. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Crosswalks.. Description: Requires the Department of Transportation to establish a Community Crosswalks Pilot Program to design and implement specially painted crosswalks in neighborhoods. Appropriates funds for the pilot program. Creates a Community Crosswalks Pilot Program Special Fund. (HB305 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Renewable Energy.. Description: Broadens the definition of "renewable energy" as used in the public utilities commission law to include other self-replenishing non-fossil fuel, non-nuclear resources. Amends the renewable energy technologies income tax credit by, among other things, including commercial seawater air conditioning systems. Takes effect on 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Transportation.. Description: Appropriates funds for the extension of the zipper lane on the H-1 Freeway to Kapolei in the vicinity of the Kualakai parkway on/off ramp. (HB309 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Creative Media.. Description: Requires the University of Hawaii, West Oahu campus, to offer a Bachelor of Arts degree in creative media by the start of the 2020 spring semester. Repeals the annual $35,000,000 rolling cap and extends the repeal date for the motion picture, digital media, and film production income tax credit; provided that title to a certain parcel of University of Hawaii, West Oahu campus land is successfully transferred to the Hawaii Technology Development Corporation. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Derelict Vehicles.. Description: Requires, as a prerequisite for a vehicle to be deemed derelict, that the removal of a part must render the vehicle inoperable. Includes vehicles valued at less than $1,000 in the list of derelict vehicles that may be removed by a county or Hawaii Public Housing Authority. Effective 1/28/2081. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Education.. Description: Requires the Department of Education to convene a Staggered School Start Times Task Force to study and evaluate the issues and implications of instituting a staggered school start times program, including effects on school bus schedules. Requires a report to the Legislature. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Offender Reentry.. Description: Requires the Department of Public Safety to issue certificates to inmates who complete rehabilitation programs. (HB320 HD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Transportation.. Description: Directs the Department of Transportation to develop and implement a single occupant vehicle access fee to use a zipper lane. Requires that revenues generated from the single occupant vehicle access fee be deposited in the state highway fund. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Condominiums.. Description: Amends the requirements for a condominium association's standard proxy form by deleting the option for a condominium owner to give the proxy to the board as a whole. (HB347 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Making Appropriations For Public Employment Cost Items.. Description: Makes appropriations for public employment cost items of and cost adjustments for employees of various legislative agencies. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Check Cashing.. Description: Requires check cashers to be registered with DCCA and to offer a voluntary payment plan to customers under certain circumstances. Establishes the terms of voluntary payment plans. Clarifies that a customer may only have one outstanding deferred deposit transaction from any source. Amends notices to customers required of check cashers. Removes the exemption for persons engaged in the bona fide retail sale of goods or services. Requires the Auditor to conduct a sunrise analysis of the regulation of payday lenders and deferred deposit agreements in the State. (HB332 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Individual Development Accounts.. Description: Expands eligibility for state-funded individual development accounts to households with income up to 100 percent of the area median income. Expands allowable uses of account funds for costs associated with rental housing, public transportation, and purchasing or repairing a motor vehicle. Clarifies reporting requirements for fiduciary organizations. Reactivates the tax credit for the five-year period from 2020 through 2024. Effective 7/1/2075. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Taxation.. Description: Increases the state tax credit for research activities to one and one-quarter times the allowable federal tax credit. Repeals December 31, 2019 sunset. (HB339 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To A Small Craft Beer Producer Tax Credit.. Description: Establishes a small craft beer producer income tax credit. (HB343 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Executive Branch Positions.. Description: Amends the membership of the State Capitol Management Committee and Hawaii Interagency Council for Transit-Oriented Development by replacing the Governor's Chief of Staff with the Administrative Director of the State.
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The State Capitol.. Description: Provides the President of the Senate and the Speaker of the House of Representatives the authority to jointly allocate and assign for occupation non-metered parking stalls except those reserved for the Office of the Governor and Office of the Lieutenant Governor and all office space at the state capitol except the fifth floor and certain offices of the fourth floor. Provides the Governor the authority to allocate office space on the fifth floor of the state capitol. Takes effect 1/1/2051. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii enrolled a bill titled: Relating To Emoluments.. Description: Beginning 11/1/2022, prohibits the governor and each county mayor, while holding those offices, to maintain any other employment, maintain a controlling interest in a business, or receive any emolument, beginning on the sixty-first calendar day after their election or appointment to office. Effective 7/1/2020. (SD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Information Practices.. Description: Permits public inspection and duplication of salary ranges, for legislative employees in incremental amounts of $10,000, rather than exact compensation amounts. Defines "legislative employees". Effective 1/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The State Capitol Management Committee.. Description: Dissolves the state capitol management committee.
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Hawaii Public Housing Authority.. Description: Repeals the exemption of the Hawaii Public Housing Authority from certain administrative supervision by its board of directors regarding personnel matters. Effective 7/1/2075. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Filipino Veterans Burial Assistance.. Description: Establishes the Filipino-American World War II veterans burial assistance special fund and appropriates funds for burial grants for qualifying Filipino-American World War II veterans to provide funeral and burial services and transportation of their remains to the Philippines. Takes effect 1/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Workers' Compensation.. Description: Requires persons performing an independent medical exam or permanent impairment rating exam for a workers' compensation work injury examine the employee within an unspecified period of time upon receipt of notice. Requires that the employee be provided a copy of the exam. (HB389 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Ethics.. Description: Establishes restrictions on the participation in political activities of certain state employees and officers. Imposes penalties for violations. Takes effect 1/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Hawaii Employer-union Health Benefits Trust Fund.. Description: Creates a fiduciary duty on Employer-Union Health Benefits Trust Fund trustees. Prohibits transactions where the trustee has a conflict of interest. Establishes liabilities for breach of fiduciary duty. Takes effect 1/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Highway Beautification.. Description: Makes the motor vehicle registration fee for U-drive motor vehicles consistent with the fee for all other motor vehicles. Makes any county ordinance that increases a motor vehicle registration fee applicable to U-drive vehicles. (HB394 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Increasing The Office Of Hawaiian Affairs' Pro Rata Share Of Public Land Trust Funds.. Description: Requires that all grants and contracts awarded by the Office of Hawaiian Affairs shall be subject to be individually approved by the board of trustees. Reduces the University of Hawaii's portion of receipts from the use, sale, lease, or other disposition of lands within the public land trust to be collected during each fiscal year to the amount equal to the University of Hawaii's receipts derived from tuition and special funds utilized for Native Hawaiian programs. Establishes a public land trust revenues negotiating committee to determine the increase to the annual amount of the income and proceeds from the public land trust that the Office of Hawaiian Affairs shall receive annually under the state constitution and other state law. Requires the Department of Budget and Finance to conduct a financial review of the amounts of revenue generated from the public land trust. Requires the Auditor to report to the Legislature on a comprehensive review of programs administered by the State that serve Hawaiians. Appropriates funds. Prohibits any increases proposed by the public land trust revenues negotiating committee that are not already approved for use by or appropriated to the Office of Hawaiian Affairs until the fiscal and comprehensive reviews required by this measure are completed and submitted to the Legislature. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Education Innovation Grants.. Description: Establishes the Education Innovation Grants Program to support school-level innovation. Authorizes the Board of Education to adopt guiding principles and measures of success for the Grants Program and the Department of Education to implement the Grants Program. Establishes the Education Innovation Grants Special Fund. Makes appropriations. Takes effect 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Procurement For The University Of Hawaii.. Description: Extends for two additional years, the sunset date of Act 42, SLH 2018, which restores authority to the UH President to act as UH's Chief Procurement Officer for all procurement contracts under Chapter 103D, HRS. (HB414 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The University Of Hawaii Tuition And Fees Special Fund.. Description: Repeals the requirement that each UH campus prepare an operations plan for each fiscal year. Repeals the automatic lapse of moneys in the UH Tuition and Fees Special Fund. (HB415 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The State Foundation On Culture And The Arts.. Description: Appropriates funds for the fiscal biennium 2019-2021 operating budget of the State Foundation on Culture and the Arts. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Transient Accommodations.. Description: Authorizes transient accommodations in the State, subject to certain conditions. Requires all operators and plan managers and their respective properties to be listed on a registry created, published, and updated by each county, except in any county that does not regulate the number or location of transient accommodations within that county. Requires hosting platforms to collect and remit to the State all applicable TAT and GET, as agents of operators and plan managers, and to regularly disclose to the State information on transient accommodations listings in the State. Prohibits hosting platforms from collecting fees or completing any booking transactions for properties not listed on the registry, if applicable in that county. Authorizes DOTAX to establish fees, charges, and other requirements by rule. Establishes civil and administrative penalties for violations. Authorizes the State to issue administrative subpoenas to obtain certain information regarding transient accommodations listings in the State. (SD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The General Excise Tax.. Description: Establishes a five-year general excise tax exemption starting January 1, 2020, for amounts received from the servicing and maintenance of helicopters in an aircraft service and maintenance facility or from the construction of a facility that services and maintains helicopters; provided that 75% of the helicopters serviced and maintained annually in the facility are equipped with quiet technology. Sunsets 12/31/2024. (HB421 HD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Water Quality Monitoring.. Description: Appropriates funds for an additional full-time Environmental Health Specialist IV position within the Department of Health to monitor water quality on the island of Hawaii. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Elections.. Description: Requires an automatic recount of votes cast for a candidate or on a ballot question when the difference in the number of votes cast for the top two candidates or on the question is equal to or less than 100 votes or 0.5 percent, whichever is greater. (HB428 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Land Use.. Description: Exempts lands set aside by the governor to the Hawaii housing finance and development corporation for the primary purpose of developing affordable housing from classification as public land subject to DLNR management. Requires lands set aside by the governor to the Hawaii housing finance development corporation for the primary purpose of developing affordable housing to be subject to legislative approval prior to the sale or gift of those lands. Takes effect 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Capital Improvement Projects For Water Reuse.. Description: Authorizes general obligation bonds for capital improvements to the State's water reuse systems. (HB445 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Sustainability.. Description: Establishes a statewide sustainability division within the Office of Planning to ensure long-term planning, coordination, and implementation of Hawaii's sustainability goals and policies. Appropriates funds. (HB449 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Hawaii Association Of Conservation Districts.. Description: Makes an appropriation for the operational expenses and staffing costs of the Hawaii Association of Conservation Districts. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Hawaii Public Housing Authority.. Description: Excludes lands set aside by the Governor to the Hawaii Public Housing Authority and lands to which HPHA holds title from the definition of public lands in section 171-2, Hawaii Revised Statutes. Requires prior legislative approval for the sale of lands to which HPHA holds title. (HB 453 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Kahoolawe Island Reserve.. Description: Appropriates funds to the Department of Land and Natural Resources to support native dryland forest restoration, management, and maintenance on Kahoolawe Island Reserve. Takes effect 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Kahoolawe Island Reserve Commission.. Description: Appropriates funds to the Department of Land and Natural Resources for support of the Kahoolawe Island Reserve Commission, including 2 full-time equivalent (2.0 FTE) permanent positions. (HB455 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Counties.. Description: Provides the counties with authority to: regulate hosting platforms; require owners or operators to list certain property information on any hosting advertisement or post on a hosting platform; establish short-term rental registries to prohibit hosting platforms from completing booking transactions unless the rental is listed in the registry; prohibit hosting platforms from collecting fees through an agent or intermediary for shortterm rental ancillary services; subpoena records from hosting platforms. Requires persons arriving in any county to declare their place of stay for short-term rental enforcement purposes. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Sea Level Rise.. Description: Requires the Hawaii Climate Change Mitigation and Adaptation Commission to conduct certain activities to address the impacts of sea level rise and report to the Legislature before the 2021 Regular Session. Appropriates funds for the Commission's activities and to fund the Climate Change Mitigation and Adaptation Coordinator. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Landlord Tenant Code.. Description: Exempts residence or occupancy in a structure or on property directly controlled, owned, or managed by the Department of Agriculture from the Residential Landlord-Tenant Code. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Making An Appropriation For The Aging And Disability Resource Center.. Description: Appropriates funds to the department of health for the aging and disability resource center. Takes effect on 1/1/2059. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Kupuna Caregivers Program.. Description: Changes the kupuna caregivers program allocation cap from $70 per day to $350 per week. Appropriates funds for the continued implementation of the kupuna caregivers program. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Hearing Aids.. Description: Requires health insurance policies and contracts issued after 12/31/19 to provide coverage for the cost of hearing aids at a minimum of $1,500 per hearing aid for each hearing-impaired ear every thirty-six months in their base plans. Exempts mandatory health care coverage from impact assessment report. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Taxation Of Real Estate Investment Trusts.. Description: Disallows dividends paid deduction for real estate investment trusts. (HB475 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Housing.. Description: Prohibits advertising of public housing units and housing subject to an owner or renter occupancy requirement under chapters 201H, 206E, and 356D, Hawaii Revised Statutes, for rental purposes and requires county police departments to enforce the prohibition. Does not apply to any state agency advertising or publicizing a housing program under chapters 201H, 206E, and 356D, Hawaii Revised Statutes, and any county agency for a housing program under chapter 201H, Hawaii Revised Statutes. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Housing.. Description: Establishes a Homeownership Housing Revolving Fund within HHFDC to provide loans to nonprofit housing development organizations and community development financial institutions for the development of affordable homeownership housing projects under a self-help housing program. Establishes the qualified nonprofit housing trust program to authorize HHFDC to provide loans to qualified nonprofit housing trusts and nonprofit community development financial institutions to develop affordable housing units. Makes an appropriation into and out of the qualified nonprofit housing trust revolving fund. Effective 1/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Insurance.. Description: Clarifies that the existing health insurance mandate for coverage of low-dose mammography includes coverage for advancing methodologies of digital mammography and breast tomosynthesis. Sunsets June 30, 2024. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Prostitution.. Description: Permits persons convicted of certain prostitution offenses to file a motion to vacate the conviction if the defendant is not convicted of another offense under the Penal Code within three years of the prostitution offense. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Employment Practices.. Description: Prohibits written nondisclosure agreements involving sexual assault and sexual harassment as part of an employee's condition of employment under certain conditions. Prohibits employers from retaliating against an employee for disclosing or discussing sexual harassment or sexual assault. Takes effect 1/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The State Building Code.. Description: Repeals the requirement for administrative rules in the adoption process of the state building codes.
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Fire Protection.. Description: Specifies the types of fire protection systems for which the State Fire Council may establish qualifications and procedures for testing and certifying individuals. (HB495 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Dna Collection For Certain Felony Offenses.. Description: Requires persons arrested for felony sexual offenses to provide a DNA sample. Defines felony sexual offenses. Provides for the destruction of DNA samples and expungement of a DNA database profile when appropriate. Makes an appropriation for the costs of DNA collection and expungement. (HB508 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Hawaii Health Systems Corporation.. Description: Appropriates funds to the Hawaii Health Systems Corporation to establish a full-time catheterization laboratory, including the employment of staff, at the Hilo Medical Center in the Hawaii Health Systems Corporation East Hawaii Region. (HB527 HD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Management Of State Funds.. Description: Establishes linked investments to provide loan funds for agriculture and authorizes the State to invest in linked investments. Appropriates funds to the Department of Budget and Finance to hire one position to administer the linked investment program. Takes effect 7/1/2150. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Government Data.. Description: Establishes a Chief Data Officer and Data Task Force in the Office of Enterprise Technology Services to develop, implement, and manage statewide data set policies, procedures, and standards. Appropriates moneys. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Broadband.. Description: Establishes the Hawaii Broadband Office within HTDC. Establishes the position of State Broadband Strategy Officer. Renames the Broadband Assistance Advisory Council as the Broadband Advisory Council and amends its purpose and membership. Requires the CEO of HTDC to convene and chair the Broadband Advisory Council. Appropriates funds. Takes effect 7/1/3000. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Transient Accommodations Tax.. Description: Allocates funds from TAT revenue directly to the state parks special fund, na ala hele statewide trail and access program, and beach restoration special fund, rather than through the special land and development fund, to improve certain state resources and services. Requires DLNR to submit to HTA an annual list of proposed projects in relation to the HTA Strategic Plan. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Environment.. Description: Requires new developments to plan for the impacts of projected sea level rise and prohibits development in areas significantly affected by projected sea level rise. Amends policies and objectives related to coastal zone management to reduce residential exposure to coastal hazards and protect state beaches and public shoreline access. Defines "beach" and "coastal hazards". (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Renewable Energy.. Description: Amends the definition of renewable portfolio standard to be a percentage of electrical energy generation, rather than sales. Effective 7/1/2100. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Kekaha Kai State Park.. Description: Appropriates funds to the Department of Land and Natural Resources for employing lifeguards and purchasing life-saving equipment at Kua Bay in Kekaha Kai State Park on the island of Hawaii. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Construction Waste.. Description: Requires the Department of Health to convene a construction waste reuse and recycling working group to determine how to implement a requirement for the reuse, recycling, or donation of construction waste. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Health.. Description: Establishes and amends provisions relating to the care of the elderly and disabled in state-licensed care facilities. Requires adult day care centers to be licensed or certified by the department of health. Expands the department of health's unannounced inspection authority to include adult day care centers and annual inspections. Establishes a task force within the department of health to examine issues related to caregiver facility compensation and late fees. Clarifies that the amendments made to sections 321-15.6(a) and 321-15.62(a), Hawaii Revised Statutes, by this Act shall supersede the amendments made to those sections by Act 184, Session Laws of Hawaii 2016. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Green Infrastructure.. Description: Requires the State Sustainability Coordinator of the Office of Planning to complete a holistic and comprehensive study and plan for green infrastructure opportunities in the State. Appropriates funds to complete the green infrastructure study and plan. Effective 7/1/2150. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Land Conservation Fund.. Description: Requires the DLNR to comply with recommendations contained in Auditor's Report No. 19-01 related to management of the Land Conservation Fund including by completing a Land Resource Acquisition Plan by 6/30/2021 and implementing policies, procedures, and internal controls related to the use of the fund and grant awards. Takes effect 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Land Use.. Description: Authorizes the development of utility scale solar projects on class A agricultural lands, subject to certain requirements. Repeals 6/30/2025. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To An Appropriation For A Kunia Wells Iv Exploratory Well.. Description: Appropriates funds to the Department of Land and Natural Resources for the Board of Water Supply to offset the design and construction costs for one of four exploratory wells proposed by the Board of Water Supply for the proposed Kunia wells IV pump station to meet future potable water requirements for growth, including diversified agriculture. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Workforce Development.. Description: Establishes the state youthBuild Program to assist non-profit and public entities in applying and qualifying for federal YouthBuild Program grants. Authorizes the department of labor and industrial relations to award grants eligible non-profit or public entities to meet the matching funds requirement for federal YouthBuild grant awards. Appropriates funds. Takes effect 1/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Board Of Education.. Description: Requires the Board of Education to invite the exclusive representative for Bargaining Unit (5) (teachers and other personnel of the Department of Education) to appoint a nonvoting public school teacher representative to the Board. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Taxation.. Description: Exempts locally grown produce and locally raised livestock food products from the general excise tax. (HB616 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To State Funds.. Description: Establishes the repair and maintenance special fund for the repair and maintenance of state department facilities. Prohibits fund moneys from funding employee salaries and costs or from being considered as part of the employer's ability to pay those costs. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/2061. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Hawaii Technology Development Corporation.. Description: Repeals Act 67, Session Laws of Hawaii 2018, relating to alternative energy research and development and grants by HTDC. Repeals Act 141, Session Laws of Hawaii 2018, relating to the Research and Development Program in HTDC. (HB623 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Department Of Human Resources Development.. Description: Abolishes the Department of Human Resources Development and transfers its functions to the Department of Budget and Finance. Replaces the Director of Human Resources Development with the same-tiered Director of Taxation as the new basis for salaries of certain other state officials. (HB625 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Vacancies.. Description: Requires vacancies in the office of United States Representative to be filled by special election that is conducted using ranked choice voting. (SD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Campaign Finance.. Description: Requires noncandidate committees and other persons who make independent expenditures supporting or opposing a candidate to report expenditures in support or opposition. Requires the Campaign Spending Commission to post independent expenditure information for each candidate on the Commission's website. Effective 1/28/2081. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Glass Container Recovery.. Description: Repeals the Glass Container Recovery Program. (HB630 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Taxation.. Description: Authorizes each county to impose a surcharge on transient accommodations tax. Changes the transient accommodations tax rate to an unspecified amount. Repeals the distribution of transit accommodations tax revenues to the counties. (HB631 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The General Excise Tax.. Description: Exempts the sales of mobility enhancing equipment sold by prescription, prosthetic devices, prescription drugs sold pursuant to a prescription, diabetic supplies, medical oxygen, human blood and its derivatives, and durable medical equipment, from the general excise tax for taxable years beginning after December 31, 2018. Amends the definitions of "prosthetic device" and "prescription drugs". (HB632 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Health.. Description: Establishes a comprehensive healthcare task force to study and report on specified major issues relating to healthcare. Appropriates funds for the purposes of the task force. (HB666 HD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Health Care Workers.. Description: Classifies assault against health care security professionals as felony assault in the second degree. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Health.. Description: Amends the newborn hearing screening statute to mandate reporting of diagnostic audiologic evaluation results to improve hearing follow-up of infants. Updates definitions and terminology. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Parking For Disabled Persons.. Description: Clarifies that the exemption from payment of parking fees is an exception for drivers who are unable to reach or operate a parking meter or unattended pay station because of a physical disability, and who display a disabled paid parking exemption permit. Clarifies that the time limits for the parking fee exemption applies to unattended pay stations as well as meters. Makes the unauthorized act of selling or buying a disability parking permit a misdemeanor. Provides that law enforcement may confiscate a disability parking permit that has been altered or is invalid. Clarifies the types of disabilities that qualify for a disability parking permit. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Pharmacists Prescribing And Dispensing Of Opioid Antagonist.. Description: Authorizes pharmacists, acting in good faith and exercising reasonable care, to prescribe and dispense an opioid antagonist to patients, and family members and caregivers of opioid patients. (HB700 HD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Cosmetics.. Description: Bans the import for profit, sale, and offer for sale of any cosmetic in the State, if the final product or any component of the product was developed or manufactured using animal testing performed on or after 1/1/2021. Effective 1/1/2150. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii enrolled a bill titled: Proposing An Amendment To Article Ii Of The Constitution Of The State Of Hawaii.. Description: Proposes an amendment to the Hawaii State Constitution to allow a recount of votes cast at an election to be conducted in a manner as provided by the Legislature. Effective 01/28/2081. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Elections.. Description: Requires candidates for President, Vice President, Governor, Lieutenant Governor, or Mayor to disclose their federal income tax returns to be listed on a general election ballot. Prohibits electors from voting for candidates for President or Vice President if those candidates have not disclosed their federal income tax returns. (HB712 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Homelessness.. Description: Establishes a three-year Homeless Employment Grant Program that provides homeless individuals with work opportunities and connects them with service providers. Requires the Department of Human Services to submit a report to the Legislature prior to the 2020 Regular Session. Appropriates funds. Takes effect 1/1/2059. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To University Of Hawaii Developments.. Description: Allows the University of Hawaii to enter into public service ventures and establishes an Office of Strategic Partnerships and Development (OSPD) to specifically oversee and manage public service ventures to benefit the University of Hawaii. Appropriates funds for OSPD staff. (HB721 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Hawaii Tourism Authority.. Description: Appropriates funds for the fiscal biennium 2019-2021 operating budget of the Hawaii Tourism Authority. (HB739 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To School Sponsorship Naming Rights.. Description: Authorizes schools to accept donations in exchange for naming rights of school buildings, facilities, equipment, and fixtures. (HB745 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Disabled Persons.. Description: Establishes employment first as a state policy with respect to disabled persons. Requires state and county agencies to implement this policy in hiring and all programs and services administered or funded by the State or counties. Applies employment first principles to Medicaid home- and community-based waiver programs. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Ignition Interlock Program.. Description: Requires compliance with the ignition interlock program before an interlock device is removed. Allows for a constant sobriety program. Authorizes rulemaking. (HB753 HD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Electric Foot Scooters.. Description: Establishes a framework for the Department of Transportation and the counties to regulate electric foot scooters. Amends definitions of moped to exclude electric foot scooters. Prohibits use of electric foot scooters to individuals under the age of fifteen. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Department Of Transportation.. Description: Appropriates funds for the fiscal biennium 2019-2021 operating budget of the Department of Transportation. (HB755 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Department Of Commerce And Consumer Affairs.. Description: Appropriates funds for the fiscal biennium 2019-2021 operating budget of the Department of Commerce and Consumer Affairs programs under the purview of the House of Representatives Standing Committee on Consumer Protection and Commerce. (HB759 HD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Consumer Protection.. Description: Requires a full-service franchise restaurant to disclose its non-participation in national advertising campaigns that offer a promotion or discount with a sign at the entrance or storefront of the restaurant. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Consumer Protection.. Description: Specifies that retailers may provide proof of purchase in electronic form to a member of a frequent shopper program. Requires retailers who offer electronic proof of purchase to have reasonable safeguards to protect members' personal information. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Single-use Plastic Straws.. Description: Prohibits a full-service restaurant from providing a single-use plastic straw to a consumer unless requested by the consumer. Takes effect on 7/1/2100. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Coastal Planning.. Description: Requires incorporation of sea level rise projections in all new plans and updates to existing state plans generated under the Hawaii State Planning Act and the plans of the Public Utilities Commission. Appropriates funds for the facilitation of stakeholder communications and public engagement related to environmental protection, clean waters, ecosystem preservation and restoration, and community and cultural consideration of the Ala Wai watershed and surrounding areas. Effective 7/1/2035. (SD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Service In Non-criminal Proceedings.. Description: Establishes a task force within the Judiciary to review allowing service of notice and process by electronic mail in civil and administrative proceedings. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Capital Improvement Projects For The Benefit Of The Honalo Marshalling Yard.. Description: Appropriates funds for a capital improvement project for the Honalo Marshalling Yard. (HB770 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Department Of Business, Economic Development, And Tourism.. Description: Requires and appropriates funds for the department of business, economic development, and tourism to develop annual regional economic plans for each county to identify regional economic priorities and industry clusters and jobs within those priorities and clusters. Requires the workforce development council to develop, based on the findings of the regional economic plans, K-16 pathways and programs in each public school and public charter school that prepare students to fill the priority jobs identified in the regional economic plans. Requires participating schools to communicate opportunities to enroll in K-16 pathways, receive industry certifications, and place students in qualified internship programs to prepare students for jobs identified by regional economic plans as priorities in each geographical area. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Recordation Transaction Fees.. Description: Expands the uses and application of the transaction fee for filings in the Bureau of Conveyances authorized under Act 120, Session Laws of Hawaii 2009. Applies fee to all transactions in the Bureau and Land Court. Repeals the transaction fee upon adoption of rules by DLNR or July 1, 2022. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Mental Health Examinations.. Description: Requires the Department of Health to submit a report on improving and expediting mental health evaluations of specific defendants. (HB786 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Statewide Traffic Code.. Description: Authorizes a law enforcement officer to cite any person who operates a motor vehicle that does not display a current, valid vehicle registration tag or emblem and a current, valid safety inspection sticker as prescribed by statute. (HB788 HD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Taxation.. Description: Establishes a wind resistive device tax credit for the purchase and installation of wind resistive devices in a non-condominium residential dwelling. Requires the Insurance Commissioner to develop and determine the requirements for the wind resistive devices and to certify claims for the tax credit. (HB799 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Condominiums.. Description: Extends the safe harbor provisions found in section 45 of Act 181, Session Laws of Hawaii 2017, until 7/1/20 to provide sufficient time for condominium property regimes to update their developer's public reports. Excludes time share plans from the developer public reporting and related requirements. (HB811 HD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The University Of Hawaii Promise Program Plus.. Description: Establishes the University of Hawaii Promise Program Plus to provide scholarships for the unmet direct cost needs of qualified students enrolled in a bachelor's degree at the University of Hawaii who are (1) graduates of a University of Hawaii community college who received a Hawaii Community College Promise Program Scholarship; and (2) enrolled at any University of Hawaii campus. Appropriates funds to establish and implement the program. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Affordable Housing Projects In Community Development Districts.. Description: Requires all developers of affordable housing projects developed pursuant to section 201H-38, HRS, in community development districts to consult with the Hawaii Community Development Authority. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Telecommunications.. Description: Requires the Hawaii technology development corporation to seek to establish a public-private partnership to plan, build, and manage key strategic broadband infrastructure and attract cloud based companies to Hawaii. Makes an appropriation for the Hawaii broadband initiative and to establish an open access, carrier neutral cable landing station. Takes effect 7/1/2112. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Contractors.. Description: Exempts an eleemosynary organization that meets certain conditions and intends to engage in a public works project or operation involving the installation or maintenance of a mooring system for vessels under one hundred gross tons from licensure and other requirements of a contractor. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Traffic Signals On The Pali Highway.. Description: Appropriates funds for installing signalized crosswalks and related pedestrian improvements at four specified unsignalized intersections in the Nuuanu area of the Pali Highway. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Hawaii State Planning Act.. Description: Establishes a Hawaii State Planning Act Review Commission to review and make recommendations to the Legislature to update the Hawaii State Planning Act. Removes reference to achieving the viability of Hawaii's sugar and pineapple industries from the Hawaii State Planning Act's agricultural objectives. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Taxation.. Description: Establishes a task force in the Department of Taxation to discuss the need to rebalance and repurpose the tax programs created by the general excise tax, income tax, and property tax laws. (HB844 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Food Donation.. Description: Includes education about exemption from food donation liability in the health inspection process for food establishments. Provides an exception from liability for good-faith donors and distributors of perishable and nonperishable food who comply with commercial food safety requirements and reasonably believe that the food is fit for human consumption. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Clean Energy Financing.. Description: Amends and expands the purpose of the Building Energy Efficiency Revolving Loan Fund to a Clean Energy Revolving Loan Fund. Transfers administration of the Clean Energy Revolving Loan Fund to the Hawaii Green Infrastructure Authority. (HB855 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Traffic.. Description: Prohibits operating a motor scooter within the pedestrian mall that abuts the grounds of the State Capitol and Iolani Palace. Appropriates funds to develop the pedestrian mall. Directs DAGS, DOT, DLNR to develop a long-term development plan for the pedestrian mall. Appropriates funds for the expansion and development of a paved walkway and a bike lane. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Land And Building Acquisition.. Description: Appropriates funds to the Agribusiness Development Corporation for the acquisition of certain property, provided that the price does not exceed the amount appropriated. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Related To Land Use.. Description: Requires the Office of Planning, in consultation with the Land Use Commission, Real Estate Commission, and the Department of Planning and Permitting, to study and report on deficiencies in the land subdivision and condominium property regime laws, as these laws interact with county zoning ordinances, that may result in land being developed contrary to the legislative intent of those laws. (HB861 HD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Exemptions From Jury Duty.. Description: Exempts from jury duty any active member of the Hawaii emergency management agency or a county emergency management agency. (HB878 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Taxation.. Description: Requires that new income tax credits include a five-year sunset or a gradual reduction. (HB885 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Intoxicating Liquor.. Description: Includes certain spirits-based beverages in the definition of cooler beverage. Repeals the definition of draft beer. Applies the same tax rate to all beer. Effective 1/1/2020. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Public-private Partnerships.. Description: Establishes the publicprivate partnership working group and requires an annual report to be submitted to the legislature. Adds public-private partnership project delivery methods and related conditions and requirements to the Hawaii Public Procurement Code. Sunsets the working group on 1/1/2025. Appropriates funds. Effective 1/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Department Of Hawaiian Home Lands Budget.. Description: Appropriates funds for the fiscal biennium 2019-2021 budget of Department of Hawaiian Home Lands programs. Transfers CIP funds from the Department of Hawaiian Home Lands 2017-2019 fiscal biennium budget to the Department of Transportation. Effective 7/1/2030. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Department Of Accounting And General Services Land Survey Budget.. Description: Appropriates funds for the operating budget of the Department of Accounting and General Services land survey program (AGS211) for the fiscal biennium 2019-2021. (HB894 HD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Department Of Business, Economic Development, And Tourism State Budget.. Description: Appropriates funds for the fiscal biennium 2019-2021 operating budget of the Department of Business, Economic Development, and Tourism programs. Takes effect on 7/1/2030. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Department Of Land And Natural Resources State Budget.. Description: Appropriates funds for operating expenses of the Department of Land and Natural Resources. Effective 7/1/2030. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Department Of Land And Natural Resources.. Description: Appropriates funds to the Department of Land and Natural Resources Division of Forestry and Wildlife. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Transient Accommodations Tax.. Description: Allocates and appropriates funds from transient accommodations tax revenues to the Hawaii Tourism Authority to implement initiatives, in conjunction with the Hawaii Lodging and Tourism Association and the governor's coordinator on homelessness, to address homelessness in tourist and resort areas. Requires the Hawaii Tourism Authority to report to the Legislature. Effective 7/1/2099. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Banyan Drive.. Description: Requires the Office of Planning to conduct a study on the infrastructure of the Banyan Drive area on the Waiakea Peninsula on the island of Hawaii. Appropriates funds. Takes effect 12/31/2050. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Tourism.. Description: Establishes the Convention Center Repair and Maintenance Special Fund and the Convention Center Emergency Special Fund. Allocates a portion of transient accommodations tax revenue to those funds. Removes repair and maintenance as permissible uses of the Convention Center Enterprise Special Fund. Requires annual reports to the Legislature. Effective 7/1/2100. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Workers' Compensation.. Description: Requires an employer to pay for all medical services related to an employee's compensable injury and the employee's rehabilitation within 60 days of receipt of the bill for services. Establishes a process for employers to dispute the payment of an employee's medical bill. Takes effect 1/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Public School Lands.. Description: Requires the attorney general of the State of Hawaii, on behalf of the Department of Education, to institute proceedings to acquire certain land owned by the Mililani Town Association by voluntary action or condemnation. Effective upon approval. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Education.. Description: Defines the roles and responsibilities of the executive office on early learning and the department of education as they relate to the implementation of the public prekindergarten program. Establishes the executive office on early learning as the administrative authority for state funded prekindergarten programs and a support for and with the department of education special education, Title I, and private partnership funded prekindergarten programs to ensure high quality early education programs in department of education school classrooms. Ensures that agreements and services are clearly articulated in a memorandum of understanding between the executive office on early learning and the department of education, including a resolution protocol to settle disputes should either party not be able to come to an agreement. Establishes reporting requirements. Authorizes the state public charter school commission to establish and fund charter school prekindergarten classrooms. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Landlord-tenant Code.. Description: Prohibits landlords from recovering possession of a dwelling unit from tenants if habitability of the premises is significantly impaired. Sets a tenant's liability for rent if habitability of the premises is significantly impaired. Provides remedies for retaliatory evictions. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Crisis Intervention.. Description: Creates a crisis intervention and diversion program in the department of health to divert those in need to appropriate health care and away from the criminal justice system. Appropriates funds. Sunsets on 6/30/2023. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Hawaii Criminal Justice Data Center Fees.. Description: Provides authority for the Hawaii Criminal Justice Data Center to set and collect fees for services provided as long as the fees are reasonable and not constitute a barrier to justice. (HB947 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Law Enforcement Officers Safety Act.. Description: Establishes in the Department of the Attorney General a program responsible for issuing credentials to allow qualified law enforcement officers and retired officers to carry concealed firearms in this State as permitted by the federal Law Enforcement Officers Safety Act, as amended. (HB950 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Manslaughter.. Description: Amends the offense of manslaughter to include cases where a person knowingly distributes a dangerous drug in any amount and another person dies as a result of ingesting that drug. (HB951 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Hawaii Employer-union Health Benefits Trust Fund Definitions.. Description: Clarifies the eligibility of employees' and retirees' children for participation in EUTF benefit plans by distinguishing the employee or retiree's children from later-born or adopted children of the surviving spouse. Aligns age-based benefits eligibility for all children of deceased employees or retirees. (HB978 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Hawaii Employer-union Health Benefits Trust Fund Compliance With Federal And State Laws.. Description: Amends the definition of "dependent-beneficiary" under the Hawaii Employer-Union Health Benefits Trust Fund to conform with the federal Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010. Brings references to marriages under the EUTF into conformance with the state Civil Unions Law. (HB979 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Making An Appropriation To The State Public Charter School Commission To Maintain And Continue The Current Federally Funded Charter School Prekindergarten Classrooms.. Description: Appropriates moneys for fiscal year 2019-2020 to the State Public Charter School Commission to maintain and continue the current federally funded eighteen existing charter school prekindergarten classrooms that were provided for by a federal preschool development grant. (HB996 HD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Office Of Collective Bargaining And Managed Competition.. Description: Transfers the Office of Collective Bargaining and related organizational functions, including the Chief Negotiator position, from the Office of the Governor to DHRD. Renames the Office of Collective Bargaining and Managed Competition to the Office of Collective Bargaining. Eliminates references to managed competition in section 89A. Takes effect 1/1/2051. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Solid Waste Disposal Goals.. Description: Updates the Department of Health's solid waste management goals to align with the Aloha+ Challenge. (HB1016 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Lease Extensions On Public Land.. Description: Authorizes the Board of Land and Natural Resources to extend certain leases of public lands for commercial, industrial, resort, or government use upon approval of a proposed development agreement to make substantial improvements to the existing improvements. Sunsets on 6/30/2024. (SD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Interstate Wildlife Violator Compact.. Description: Authorizes the Department of Land and Natural Resources to enter into the Interstate Wildlife Violator Compact or similar agreement for mutual assistance in the enforcement of wildlife laws. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Conformity To The Internal Revenue Code.. Description: Conforms Hawaii income and estate and generation-skipping transfer tax laws to the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended as of December 31, 2018. Clarifies wording regarding the Hawaii applicable exclusion amount.
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Tax Reporting.. Description: Revises the manner in which persons authorized to collect rent provide information to the Department of Taxation and requires (as opposed to permits) them to report the total amount of rent collected under sections 237-30.5 and 237D-8.5, Hawaii Revised Statutes. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Tax Appeals.. Description: Replaces the tax boards of review with a single tax appeal review panel comprised of members who shall devote full time to their duties. Amends the grounds upon which an appeal to the administrative appeals and dispute resolution program may be made by disallowing appeals of proposed assessments. Allows any person who has already filed an appeal with a board of review to continue or withdraw their appeal and refile their appeal with the tax appeal review panel until 1/1/2021, at which point all remaining appeals before a board of review automatically transfer to the tax appeal review panel. Makes an appropriation. (SD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Market-based Sourcing.. Description: Amends the rules for sourcing the sales factor for net income tax to impose market sourcing for sales of other than tangible personal property. Provides specific rules for intangibles and services.
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Tax Refund Offsets.. Description: Clarifies that tax refund offsets may be performed by the Department of Accounting and General Services and the Department of Taxation.
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Broadband.. Description: Establishes a broadband infrastructure grant program to be administered by the Department of Business, Economic Development, and Tourism. Takes effect 7/1/3000. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Tax Return Preparers.. Description: Requires any tax preparer with a preparer tax identification number issued by the Internal Revenue Service to furnish the preparer's tax identification number on any return or claim for refund as required by the Department of Taxation. Authorizes the Department of Taxation to require preparer tax identification number disclosure on any form or document and provides penalties for failure to comply. Effective upon approval; provided that tax return preparers shall not be liable for penalties prior to January 1, 2020.
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Department Of Taxation Fees.. Description: Changes the fees for permits and licenses issued under chapters 243, 244D and 245, Hawaii Revised Statutes, from specified amounts to reasonable fees established by rule adopted by the Department of Taxation.
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Taxation.. Description: Makes various technical amendments to chapters 231, 243, 244D, and 245, Hawaii Revised Statutes. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Fair Employment Practices.. Description: Prohibits noncompete agreements for low wage workers whose earnings do not exceed the greater of the minimum wage required by applicable federal or state law or $15 per hour. (HB1059 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Medical Education.. Description: Directs the DOH to perform a study to develop a pilot program to provide state-provided financial support to individuals pursuing a doctor of medicine degree in exchange for a commitment to practice medicine in Hawaii after they graduate. (HB1089 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Transportation Network Companies.. Description: Establishes rules, regulations, and permitting procedures for transportation network companies operating in the State. Makes permanent insurance requirements for transportation network companies and transportation network drivers. Appropriates funds. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Pesticide Subsidy Program.. Description: Appropriates funds to the Department of Agriculture for the pesticide subsidy program to help eradicate the coffee berry borer. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Water Security.. Description: Requires the Commission on Water Resource Management to conduct an update of the statewide framework for the Hawaii water plan to provide guidance for Hawaii's future water plan. Makes an appropriation. Effective 12/31/2050. (SD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Making An Appropriation To The Department Of Education.. Description: Appropriates funds for (1.0) FTE board of education analyst II. (SB84 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Public Accountancy.. Description: Specifies who may be granted a temporary permit to practice public accountancy. Specifies the requirements that must be met prior to obtaining a temporary permit to practice. Requires a person to obtain a temporary permit to practice from the board of public accountancy prior to commencing public accountancy services in Hawaii. Specifies a time frame for the temporary permit to practice. Requires persons granted a temporary permit to practice to consent to and certify various obligations, including being under the authority of the board of public accountancy and paying all applicable taxes to the State. Makes conforming amendments to the laws relating to public accountancy. Takes effect on 1/1/2021. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Office Of Hawaiian Affairs.. Description: Amends ballot requirements to display candidates for the Board of Trustees of the Office of Hawaiian Affairs by residency and non-residency requirements. Requires the names of the candidates in each group to be randomized on individual ballots and on ballots across precincts by the feasible method that provides the greatest degree of randomization. Effective 1/28/2081. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Department Of Commerce And Consumer Affairs.. Description: Appropriates funds for Fiscal Biennium 2019-21 for operations of the Department of Commerce and Consumer Affairs division under Program ID CCA102 - Cable Television, which is under the purview of the House of Representatives Standing Committee on Intrastate Commerce. Sets the annual fee assessed on cable operators at 4.5 percent of the income received from subscribers for cable services rendered during the preceding calendar year. Authorizes the Director of Commerce and Consumer Affairs to reduce the fee by decision and order if the amount exceeds the amount necessary to administer chapter 440G, Hawaii Revised Statutes. Establishes criteria to determine the amount of the fee. (HB1124 HD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Department Of Commerce And Consumer Affairs.. Description: Appropriates funds for Fiscal Biennium 2019-21 for operations of the Department of Commerce and Consumer Affairs division under Program ID CCA104 - Financial Services Regulation. House Committee on Intrastate Commerce. Repeals the existing statutory requirement that $2,000,000 of certain taxes collected on bank and financial corporations be deposited to the credit of the compliance resolution fund. Requires adjustments to fees and assessments collected by the Division of Financial Institutions based on the amount of moneys credited to the division in the compliance resolution fund. Requires the Commissioner of Financial Institutions to adjust fees or cease collection of payments when the mortgage loan recovery fund attains a funding level of $750,000. (HB1125 HD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Department Of Commerce And Consumer Affairs.. Description: Appropriates funds for Fiscal Biennium 2019-2021 for the professional and vocational licensing program of the Department of Commerce and Consumer Affairs, which is under the purview of the House of Representatives Standing Committee on Intrastate Commerce. Establishes criteria to determine the amounts to be assessed for fees and expenses regulated under Title 25, HRS. Provides for the reduction or cessation of fees or interest paid into the contractors recovery fund, contractors education fund, real estate recovery fund, real estate education fund, and condominium education fund if the funds attain a certain dollar amount. (HB1126 HD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Department Of Commerce And Consumer Affairs.. Description: Appropriated funds for the Fiscal Biennium 2019-2021 for operations of the Department of Commerce and Consumer Affairs division under Program ID CCA106  Insurance Regulatory Services. House Committee on Intrastate Commerce. (HB1127 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Department Of Taxation Operations.. Description: Provides funding for the operations of the Department of Taxation for the fiscal biennium beginning July 1, 2019, and ending June 30, 2021. (HB1135 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Housing Loan And Mortgage Program.. Description: Amends the Hula Mae Multifamily revenue bond authorization amount. Effective 7/1/2075. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Teacher Salaries.. Description: Requires that teachers teaching at hard-to-staff schools be paid the national average of a similarly situated teacher, with annual cost of living adjustments, or according to the teacher's salary schedule. Requires teachers who are paid the national average to forego any pay differential. (HB1143 HD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Procurement.. Description: Requires procurement officers to complete past performance evaluations of contractors. Requires past performance to be considered in all sole source procurement and any competitive contracts that exceeds the small purchase threshold. Establishes an initial procurement working group that will evaluate and make recommendations to the legislature about the effectiveness of existing procurement methods. Requires the development and implementation of a statewide past performance database. Appropriates funds. Effective 1/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Commercial Ocean Recreation.. Description: Requires the Department of Land and Natural Resources to adopt rules pursuant to Chapter 91, HRS, to require certain safety measures for commercial ocean operators that take customers into state waters for activities such as snorkeling, scuba diving, kayaking, and surfing lessons. (HB1151 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Remote Testimony In Legislative Hearings.. Description: Establishes the remote legislative access program, to be supervised by the joint legislative access committee. Specific requirements that the joint legislative access committee must consider when developing the program. Requires each house of the Legislature to establish, by rule, procedures for the public to present oral testimony at legislative committee hearings through remote testimony. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Owner-builder Exemption.. Description: Requires owner-builders to provide proof of withholding taxes and workers' compensation insurance. Amends fines for failure to comply with statute. (HB1154 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Environmental Protection.. Description: Establishes and funds a three-year pilot project to demonstrate new toilet and sewage treatment technologies and to expedite demonstration projects. Repeals on 6/30/2022. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Department Of Land And Natural Resources.. Description: Appropriates funds for the operating budget for the Department of Land and Natural Resources for the fiscal biennium 2019-2021. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Liquor Laws.. Description: Repeals requirement that there be attached a clear and legible notice, placard, or marker upon the faucet, spigot, or outlet wherefrom the draught beer is drawn. Requires rules adopted by the counties related to stacking of beer to refer to a standard serving of total volume that shall not exceed thirty-two ounces of total volume before a customer at any one time. (HB1172 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Public Safety.. Description: Appropriates funds to purchase the Honolulu Federal Detention Center. (HB1177 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Fiscal Biennium 2019-2021 Budget Requests For The Department Of Land And Natural Resources.. Description: Appropriates funds for Department of Land and Natural Resources budget items. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Department Of Labor And Industrial Relations.. Description: Appropriates funds for various operating expenses of the department of labor and industrial relations. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Employees' Retirement System.. Description: Authorizes from other funds of the Employees' Retirement System Pension Trust (BUF141) for fiscal biennium 2019-2021, the additional sum of $ for fiscal year 2019-2020, and the additional sum of $ for fiscal year 2020-2021 for various ERS operating costs and services. Takes effect 1/1/2051. (SD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The State Procurement Office.. Description: Appropriates funds for fiscal year 2019-2020 to the State Procurement Office to advance the Small Business Assistance Initiative established by Act 42, Session Laws of Hawaii 2017. Effective 1/1/2061. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Taxation.. Description: Changes income tax rates for taxable years beginning after 12/31/2018. Effective 7/1/2035. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Minimum Wage.. Description: Provides an income tax credit for qualifying small businesses to offset the increase in the minimum hourly wage that employers must pay employees. Increases the minimum wage to $12.00 per hour beginning 1/1/2020 and $15.00 per hour beginning 1/1/2023. Establishes a minimum wage of $17.00 per hour for any person employed in a full-time position with the State of Hawaii beginning upon approval of the Act. Tax credit applies to taxable years beginning after 12/31/2019. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Equal Pay.. Description: Conforms statutory prohibitions against wage discrimination with other prohibitions on employment discrimination. Clarifies allowable justifications for compensation differentials and remedies for pay disparity. Requires employers to disclose wage ranges to employees and prospective employees. (SD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Taxation.. Description: Amends the income tax credit for expenses for household and dependent care services necessary for gainful employment by changing the taxpayer's applicable percentage of employment-related expenses that constitutes the tax credit and cap amount. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Federal Workers.. Description: Establishes the Federal Furlough Loan Program to provide loans to eligible federal workers affected by the federal shutdown furlough. Provides an emergency appropriation to carry out the purposes of the loan program. (HB1195 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Housing.. Description: Requires the Commission to file annual reports on the status of the progress of five-year boundary review. Requires counties to file annual updates to general plans, development plans, or community plans. (HB1209 HD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Taxation.. Description: Establishes an income tax credit for taxpayers who own and operate a business from their principal residence. (HB1216 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Voter Registration.. Description: Makes inclusion of an affidavit application for voter registration mandatory for all driver's license and identification card applications. Automatically registers each applicant who elects to register for voting. Requires sharing of information among the counties, DOT, and election personnel. (HB1217 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The State Foundation On Culture And The Arts.. Description: Appropriates funds out of the works of art special fund to the State foundation on culture and the arts for the integration of works of art projects into several major capital improvement projects. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Public Lands.. Description: Authorizes the designation of areas or regions of public lands classified as commercial, industrial, resort and hotel, and the establishment and implementation of guidelines for the redevelopment of the areas or regions that will: (1) modernize the policies for the management of public lands in the designated area; (2) establish a plan for the designated area, including district-wide improvements, that is coordinated with state and county land use and planning policies; and (3) implement asset and property management concepts that can optimize income from the properties and evolve in response to changing principles of property administration. Designates the public lands on the Waiakea peninsula on the island of Hawaii as the Waiakea Peninsula Redevelopment District. Allows DLNR to issue a rent reduction or waiver for certain lessee's expenses for demolition or provision of basic infrastructure. Authorizes a local redevelopment agency to contract with a developer for construction of non-residential projects on public land within a redevelopment area. Exempts the costs of construction of work or improvements of a redevelopment project from general excise and use taxes. Takes effect provided that the County of Hawaii repeals the Banyan Drive Hawaii redevelopment agency. Makes an appropriation. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Mental Health.. Description: Amends the definitions of "dangerous to others" and "dangerous to self" to include the refusal to take psychiatric medication or undergo mental health treatment such that self-inflicted violence and violence to others is probable. (HB1221 HD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Food Safety.. Description: Appropriates funds to the Department of Business, Economic Development, and Tourism to provide education and support to local businesses regarding the Food and Drug Administration's industry guidance on colored sea salt; provided that Hawaii sea salt industry companies will collectively pay for half of the cost to conduct a study regarding the Food and Drug Administration's approval of color additives used in Hawaii sea salt. Effective 7/1/2112. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Renewable Energy.. Description: Requires the public utilities commission (PUC) to contract with the Hawaii natural energy institute to conduct an independent renewable gas study. Appropriates funds to PUC to contract with the University of Hawaii to perform the study. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Trespass.. Description: Specifies that for purposes of making a complaint for criminal trespass in the second degree on commercial premises, evidence of a prior reasonable warning or request to leave the premises may be evidenced by a copy of the previously issued written warning or request, whether posted at the premises or retained by the county police department. (HB1246 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Order Of Succession.. Description: Amends the order of succession to the office of lieutenant governor. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Employees' Retirement System.. Description: Authorizes forfeiture of certain ERS benefits, pursuant to court order, for state or county employees and designated beneficiaries who are convicted of an employment-related felony. (HB1264 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Education.. Description: Establishes a collective bargaining unit for graduate student assistants employed by the University of Hawaii. Effective 1/1/2051. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Education.. Description: Pursuant to a collective bargaining agreement negotiated for Bargaining Unit (5), provides annual salary step increases for public school teachers and educational officers who have completed a year's satisfactory service and comply with specified requirements. (HB1275 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The University Of Hawaii Promise Program.. Description: Provides scholarships for the unmet direct cost needs of qualified students at any four-year University of Hawaii campus who meet certain eligibility criteria. Makes an appropriation for the Hawaii Promise Program. (HB1277 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Government Services Relating To The Law.. Description: Provides that a law enforcement officer has a duty to intervene if the law enforcement officer reasonably believes that another law enforcement officer is using or is about to use unnecessary or excessive force on an arrestee. Requires the law enforcement officer to report the incident to the fellow law enforcement officer's supervisor. Requires relevant departments to submit annual reports to the Legislature. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Oversight Of Election Activities.. Description: Appropriates funds for the fiscal biennium 2019-2021 operating budget of the Campaign Spending Commission and Office of Elections under the purview of the House of Representatives Standing Committee on Judiciary. (HB1279 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Criminal Pretrial Reform.. Description: Implements recommendations of the Criminal Pretrial Task Force convened pursuant to House Concurrent Resolution No. 134, House Draft 1, Regular Session of 2017. (HB1289 HD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The State Commission On The Status Of Women.. Description: Appropriates funds for operational expenses of the State Commission on the Status of Women. (HB1355 HD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Department Of Land And Natural Resources.. Description: Requires DLNR to work collaboratively with the Game Management Advisory Commission to develop and implement sustainable game management practices in areas of watershed protection. Requires BLNR to give prior notice to the Game Management Advisory Commission prior to issuing or renewing a water rights lease. Takes effect on 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Water Rights.. Description: Allows for ten consecutive one-year holdovers of water permits under section 171-58(c), HRS. Makes conforming amendments to the reporting requirement in Act 126 (2016). Extends the repeal and reenactment provision for Act 126 (2016) by seven years, from June 30, 2019 to June 30, 2026. (HB1326 HD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Budget Of The Department Of Commerce And Consumer Affairs.. Description: Appropriates funds for the fiscal biennium 2019-2021 operating budget of the Department of Commerce and Consumer Affairs financial services regulation program. (HB1330 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Budget Of The Department Of Commerce And Consumer Affairs.. Description: Appropriates funds for the fiscal biennium 2019-2021 operating budget of the Department of Commerce and Consumer Affairs professional and vocational licensing division under the purview of the House of Representatives Standing Committee on Intrastate Commerce. (HB1331 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Budget Of The Department Of Commerce And Consumer Affairs.. Description: Appropriates funds for the fiscal biennium 2019-2021 operating budget of the Department of Commerce and Consumer Affairs insurance regulatory services program under the purview of the House of Representatives Standing Committee on Intrastate Commerce. (HB1332 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Department Of Public Safety Operating Budget.. Description: Relates to the Department of Public Safety budget. (HB1333 HD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Department Of Defense Operating Budget.. Description: Relates to the Department of Defense budget.
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Office Of Information Practices Budget.. Description: Provides additional funding for the operations of the Office of Information Practices, including the establishment of three additional staff attorney positions, for the fiscal biennium beginning July 1, 2019, and ending June 30, 2021. Effective 7/1/2030. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Family Leave.. Description: Provides grandparents with 1 week of family leave to care for a grandchild with a serious health condition. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Department Of Human Resources Development Operating Budget.. Description: Appropriates funds for the operations of the Department of Human Resources Development. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Hawaii Employer Union Health Benefits Trust Fund Budget.. Description: Appropriates funds for the operating budget for the Employer Union Health Benefits Trust Fund for fiscal biennium 2019-2021. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii enrolled a bill titled: Relating To Early Childhood Education.. Description: Prohibits the suspension or expulsion of children participating in the Executive Office on Early Learning's Public Prekindergarten Program, except under limited circumstances. (SD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Charter Schools.. Description: Requires that annual charter school audits be performed by an auditor selected by the authorizer. Requires charter schools to provide access to all or any part of its records to its authorizer without payment of a fee. (HB1347 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Reserved Housing.. Description: Prohibits the Hawaii Community Development Authority from allowing satisfaction of a development project's affordable housing requirement through a cash payment in lieu of providing reserved housing. Effective 7/1/2075. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Campaign Spending Commission Operating Budget.. Description: Provides funding for the operations of the Campaign Spending Commission for the fiscal biennium beginning July 1, 2019, and ending June 30, 2021. Effective 7/1/2030. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Department Of Public Safety Operating Budget.. Description: Provides funding for the operations of the Department of Public Safety for the fiscal biennium beginning July 1, 2019, and ending June 30, 2021. (HB1351 HD2)
In 2020, Hawaii enrolled a bill titled: Relating To The Department Of The Attorney General Operating Budget.. Description: Transfers moneys from the DNA registry special fund to the medicaid investigations recovery fund. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Office Of The Public Defender Operating Budget.. Description: Appropriates funds for the operating budget for the Office of the Public Defender for the fiscal biennium 2019-2021. Effective 7/1/2030. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Office Of Elections Operating Budget.. Description: Appropriates funds to the Office of Elections operating budget for the 2020 election voting contract, 2021 reapportionment, and 4 temporary positions. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Hawaii Civil Rights Commission Budget.. Description: Relates to the Hawaii Civil Rights Commission operating budget. (HB1357 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Medicare Part B.. Description: Requires the board to send actual, individual notice via registered mail to EUTF members that they may be eligible for reimbursement of cost-adjusted Medicare Part B premium payments. (HB1358 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Fiscal Biennium 2019-2021 Budget Requests For The Department Of Land And Natural Resources.. Description: Appropriates funds for the fiscal biennium 2019-2021 operating budget of the Department of Land and Natural Resources conveyances and recordings program. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Fiscal Biennium 2019-2021 Budget Requests For The Department Of Commerce And Consumer Affairs.. Description: Appropriates funds for the fiscal biennium 2019-2021 operating budget of certain Department of Commerce and Consumer Affairs programs. Effective 7/1/2051. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Nurses.. Description: Establishes a study to identify issues that may arise if the State joins the Nurse Licensure Compact. (HB1363 HD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Department Of Land And Natural Resources Budget.. Description: Appropriates funds for the operating budget for the Department of Land and Natural Resources for the fiscal biennium 2019-2021. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Department Of Agriculture Budget.. Description: Appropriates funds for the operating budget for the Department of Agriculture for the fiscal biennium 2019-2021. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Department Of Health Budget.. Description: Appropriates funds for the Department of Health for the fiscal biennium 2019-2021. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Department Of Health Budget.. Description: Appropriates funds for the operating budget for the Department of Health for the fiscal biennium 2019-2021. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Department Of Land And Natural Resources Operating Budget.. Description: Appropriates funds for the Department of Land and Natural Resources operating budget. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Department Of Business, Economic Development, And Tourism Budget.. Description: Appropriates funds for the operating budget for the Department of Business, Economic Development, and Tourism for the fiscal biennium 2019-2021. (HB1369 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Hawaii Public Housing Authority Budget.. Description: Appropriates additional funds for the fiscal biennium 2019-2021 to the Hawaii Public Housing Authority to establish new positions and for operating costs for Rental Housing Services (HMS 220) and Rental Assistance Services (HMS 222). Effective 1/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Campaign Finance.. Description: Creates a comprehensive public funding program for candidates for county elections beginning in 2022. Appropriates funds to the Campaign Spending Commission. Effective 1/28/2081. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Lobbyists.. Description: Prohibits former legislators and executive branch employees subject to senate confirmation from engaging in lobbying for twelve months after termination of employment as a legislator or executive branch employee. Takes effect 7/1/2020. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Campaign Finance.. Description: Prohibits campaign fundraising on the property of persons that have accepted legislatively appropriated funds that exceed an unspecified aggregate value or received or rendered services to the State. (HB1382 HD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The County Surcharge On State Tax.. Description: Authorizes any county with a population equal to or less than 500,000 that adopts a county surcharge on state tax ordinance to use the surcharges received from the State for infrastructure and public safety. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Community-based Economic Development Program.. Description: Establishes the micro enterprise assistance program on Hawaiian home lands revolving fund to provide grants and loans through the implementation of the micro enterprise assistance program to qualified native Hawaiians, native Hawaiian-controlled homestead associations, and homestead association community development corporations. Appropriates funds. Takes effect on 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Housing.. Description: Requires approval of a permit application submitted by a housing development project that uses moneys from the rental housing revolving fund if a county does not issue a decision on the application within sixty days, subject to certain requirements. Effective 7/1/2100. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Department Of Business, Economic Development, And Tourism Budget.. Description: Adjusts the operating budget for the fiscal biennium 2019-2021 operating budget of the Department of Business, Economic Development, and Tourism programs under the purview of the House of Representatives Standing Committee on Water, Land, and Hawaiian Affairs. (HB1404 HD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Department Of Land And Natural Resources Budget.. Description: Adjusts the operating budget for the fiscal biennium 2019-2021 for certain Department of Land and Natural Resources programs. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Hawaii Housing Finance And Development Corporation Budget.. Description: Establishes the Office of the Housing Advocate to work with all state agencies that manage land to advocate for solutions to the State's housing shortage, and monitor, comment, and report on the State's production of affordable housing units and the development and implementation of laws, regulations, and policies relating to affordable housing. Effective 1/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Health.. Description: Establishes a Suicide Prevention Commission to develop a strategic plan to reduce suicides within Hawaii's correctional system. Appropriates moneys to the Department of Health to develop a centralized assessment and treatment program. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Department Of Public Safety Operating Budget.. Description: Appropriates funds for the fiscal biennium 2019-2021 operating budget of the Department of Public Safety health care program (PSD 421) under the purview of the House of Representatives Standing Committee on Health. (HB1420 HD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Department Of Health Budget.. Description: Appropriates funds for the fiscal biennium 2019-2021 operating budget of Kahuku Hospital (HTH211) and Hawaii Health Systems Corporation - Regions (HTH212) under the purview of the House of Representatives Standing Committee on Health. (HB1421 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Department Of Health.. Description: Appropriates funds for the fiscal biennium 2019-2021 operating budget of the Department of Health programs under the purview of the House of Representatives Standing Committee on Health. (HB1422 HD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Visitor Information.. Description: Establishes a Visitor Information Center in the State Capitol. Appropriates funds. Takes effect 7/1/2022. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Department Of Accounting And General Services.. Description: Provides funding for the operations of the Department of Accounting and General Services for Fiscal Biennium 2019-2021. (HB1426 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Department Of Budget And Finance Budget.. Description: Provides funding for the operations of the Department of Budget and Finance for the fiscal biennium beginning July 1, 2019, and ending June 30, 2021. (HB1427 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Office Of The Governor Budget.. Description: Appropriates funds for the operating budget for the Office of the Governor for the fiscal biennium 2019-2021. (HB1428 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Budget Of The Office Of The Governor.. Description: Appropriates funds for the Fiscal Biennium 2019-2021 Operating Budget of the Office of the Governor. (HB1429 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Budget Of The Office Of The Lieutenant Governor.. Description: Appropriates funds for the Fiscal Biennium 2019-2021 Operating Budget of the Office of the Lieutenant Governor. (HB1430 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Budget Of The Office Of The Lieutenant Governor.. Description: Appropriates funds for the Fiscal Biennium 2019-2021 operating budget of the Office of the Lieutenant Governor. (HB1431 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Budget Of The Department Of Accounting And General Services.. Description: Appropriates funds for the fiscal biennium 2019-2021 operating budget of certain programs of the Department of Accounting and General Services programs under the purview of the House of Representatives Standing Committee on Legislative Management. (HB1432 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Palliative Care.. Description: Requires the Department of Health to establish a culturally competent Palliative Care Pilot Program to promote public education on palliative care and establish home- or community-based palliative care projects. (HB1447 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Homelessness.. Description: Extends the Ohana Zones Pilot Program to June 30, 2022 and the Emergency Department Homelessness Assessment Pilot Program and the Medical Respite Pilot Program to June 30, 2020. (HB1451 HD3)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Civil Legal Services.. Description: Establishes and appropriates funds for the Hawaii Legal Aid Interagency Roundtable to facilitate cooperation between various state agencies regarding civil legal services and access to justice. Appropriates funds for the Judiciary to purchase civil legal services for low- and moderate-income persons. (HB1452 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Transit Oriented Development.. Description: Appropriates funds to the Office of Planning for the planning and development of the Wailuku-Kahului Transit Corridor Master Plan in the county of Maui. Effective 7/1/2100. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Statewide Boating Program.. Description: Defines "state boating facility" to include any day-use mooring buoy system. Authorizes funds from the Boating Special Fund to be used for any day-use mooring buoy system in the State. (HB1460 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Unfunded Liabilities.. Description: Requires the State Auditor to study the feasibility of providing health benefits to state and county employees using a self-insured model. Appropriates funds. Establishes the Rate Stabilization Reserve Fund. Caps employer contributions to the Other Post-Employment Benefits Trust Fund. Provides for the use of a portion of TAT revenues to supplement deficient county public employer contribution amounts. (HB1462 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Health.. Description: Requires the Insurance Commissioner to perform a study on capitated payment rates in Hawaii that compares the payment model in Hawaii with the payment models in other states. Appropriates funds for the study. (HB1464 HD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Public Schools.. Description: Appropriates funds to be used by the Department of Education for the repair and maintenance of public school buildings, grounds, and facilities in the State. (HB1465 HD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Motor Vehicles.. Description: Changes the assessment of the state fuel tax from a specified amount per gallon to the greater of a specified amount per gallon or an unspecified percentage of the wholesale price per gallon to the retailer. Subjects biodiesel oil to the same tax rates and reporting requirements as diesel oil. (HB1467 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Waianae Coast Comprehensive Health Center.. Description: Appropriates moneys to the Department of Health to provide the Waianae Coast Comprehensive Health Center with funding for an advanced practice registered nurse position and various infrastructure improvements for its school-based health center at Nanakuli High and Intermediate School. Takes effect 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The College Savings Program.. Description: Establishes a state income tax deduction for eligible contributions made to any college savings program under section 529 of the Internal Revenue Code. Applies to taxable years beginning after 12/31/2020. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Voter Registration.. Description: Establishes a process, beginning on January 1, 2020, for automatically preregistering or registering public school- and charter school-enrolled students who are at least 16 years old to vote. Effective 7/1/2030. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Condominiums.. Description: Restricts sales of residential condominiums developed with state investment within a transit-oriented development area or within a one-half-mile radius of a public transit station to only prospective owner-occupants for at least 60 days after the initial date of sale for the project. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Climate Change.. Description: Amends the Greenhouse Gas Sequestration Task Force nomination and appointment process. Appropriates funds to the Office of Planning to administer the Greenhouse Gas Sequestration Task Force. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Climate Change.. Description: Establishes the Honolulu shoreline climate protection pilot project to develop a plan to protect urban Honolulu from the impacts of sea level rise, floodwater, storms, and other impacts of a rapidly changing climate. Appropriates funds to the Department of Land and Natural Resources for the development of the Honolulu shoreline climate protection pilot project. Appropriates funds to the Office of Planning to conduct a comprehensive study of a statewide carbon tax. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The State Capitol.. Description: Requires DAGS, in consultation with the Legislature and appropriate agencies, to develop and implement an enhanced security plan for the State Capitol. Appropriates funds to DAGS for enhanced security measures and security improvements, including vehicular barriers and to PSD to purchase or lease security screening equipment and contract private screening personnel for the State Capitol. (HB1488 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Campaign Finance.. Description: Amends the prohibition of contributions by state and county contractors under Hawaii's campaign finance laws to include officers of a contractor, including contractors who provide goods or utilities. Effective 7/1/2030. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Hawaii Community Development Authority.. Description: Establishes the Stadium Development District comprising all state land under the Stadium Authority's jurisdiction. Authorizes HCDA to facilitate the development of all state property within the District including building a new stadium. Authorizes the issuance of revenue bonds and general obligation bonds. Appropriates funds. Effective 1/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Agriculture.. Description: Requires the Department of Agriculture to establish a 2-year agricultural theft and vandalism pilot project to examine the effectiveness of prosecuting agricultural theft and agricultural vandalism cases in the County of Hawaii. Appropriates funds for the pilot project, including the hiring of two enforcement officer positions. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Energy Efficiency.. Description: Requires energy consumption benchmarking for all nonresidential buildings. Requires disclosure of resulting, anonymized and aggregated benchmarking data to a prospective property buyer, lessee, or lender. Effective 7/1/2100. (HD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The University Of Hawaii Budget.. Description: Appropriates funds for the fiscal biennium 2019-2021 operating budget of the University of Hawaii under the purview of the House of Representatives Standing Committee on Lower and Higher Education. (HB1521 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The University Of Hawaii Budget.. Description: Appropriates funds for the fiscal biennium 2019-2021 operating budget of the University of Hawaii under the purview of the House of Representatives Standing Committee on Lower and Higher Education. (HB1522 HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii enrolled a bill titled: Relating To The Department Of Education Budget.. Description: Specifies that the costs of devices for certain Department of Education schools shall be covered using Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (CARES Act) funds. (SD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Department Of Education Budget.. Description: Appropriates funds for the fiscal biennium 2019-2021 operating budget Department of Education programs. Effective 7/1/2055. (SD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Hawaii State Public Library System Budget.. Description: Appropriates funds for the fiscal biennium 2019-2021 operating budget of the Hawaii State Public Library System. Effective 7/1/2055. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The State Public Charter Schools Budget.. Description: Appropriates funds for the fiscal biennium 2019-2021 operating budget for Department of Education programs relating to charter schools. Effective 7/1/2055. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Executive Office On Early Learning Budget.. Description: Appropriates funds for the fiscal biennium 2019-2021 operating budget of the Department of Education's Executive Office on Early Learning program. (SD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Commerce And Consumer Affairs.. Description: Repeals the existing statutory requirement that $2,000,000 of certain taxes collected on bank and financial corporations be deposited to the compliance resolution fund. Requires adjustments to fees and assessments collected by the Division of Financial Institutions based on the amount of moneys credited to the division in the compliance resolution fund. Establishes criteria to determine the amounts to be assessed for fees and expenses regulated under title 25, HRS. Provides for the reduction or cessation of fees or interest paid into the mortgage loan recovery fund, contractors recovery fund, contractors education fund, real estate recovery fund, real estate education fund, and condominium education fund if the balance in the funds attain a certain dollar amount. Sets the annual fee assessed on cable operators at 4.5% of the income received from subscribers for cable services rendered during the preceding calendar year. Authorizes the Director of the Department of Commerce and Consumer Affairs to reduce the fee if the amount exceeds the amount necessary to administer chapter 440G, HRS. (HB1528 HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Student Journalists.. Description: Allows student journalists at public schools to exercise freedom of speech and freedom of the press in school-sponsored media. Takes effect on 7/1/2055. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Education.. Description: Establishes and appropriates funds for the Teacher Mentor Incentive Program within the Department of Education. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Administrative Procedures.. Description: Allows the Hawaii Labor Relations Board to admit and consider hearsay evidence in unfair labor practices proceedings. Effective 1/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Historic Preservation.. Description: Establishes a historic preservation income tax credit. Appropriates funds for one temporary position to assist with the establishment and administration of the historic preservation income tax credit program. Effective on 1/1/2020. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Office Of Mauna Kea Management.. Description: Appropriates funds to the University of Hawaii for an unspecified number of FTE positions within the Office of Mauna Kea Management. (HB1537 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Hawaii Health Systems Corporation.. Description: Requires Oahu regional system board approval to privatize, sell or change services at all Oahu regional health care system facilities. Amends the membership of the Hawaii Health Systems Corporation board. Requires the Oahu regional system board to create a 5-year sustainability plan in consultation with other government stakeholders and report to the Legislature. Creates a right of first refusal for the Director of Health, Governor's Coordinator on Homelessness, and Mayor of the City and County of Honolulu if the Hawaii Health Systems Corporation board fully or partially privatizes Leahi or Maluhia Hospital. Sunsets the Oahu regional health care system on 7/1/2024 and integrates it into the Hawaii Health Systems Corporation Board. (SD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Gun Violence Prevention.. Description: Establishes the Hawaii Gun Violence Prevention Center within the University of Hawaii to research strategies to prevent gun violence. Creates a special fund to support the Center. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Environmental Protection.. Description: Requires the University of Hawaii to develop a plan to be implemented for the statewide eradication of mosquitos. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Public Safety.. Description: Establishes a minimum-security housing program in a county with a population of more than 750,000 for short-term adult offenders. Provides capacity for a furlough program. Appropriates funds. (HB1551 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Homeland Security.. Description: Establishes the Hawaii State Fusion Center as a program under the Office of Homeland Security and establishes the state-funded position of Hawaii State Fusion Center Director to manage the Center's day-to-day operations and be accountable to the Director of Homeland Security. Effective 1/28/2081. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Department Of Human Services Operating Budget.. Description: Relates to the Department of Human Services operating budget. Takes effect 7/1/2030. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Unoccupied Residential Properties.. Description: Imposes fines on a homeowner, foreclosing party, or prevailing purchaser in foreclosure actions when a vacant residential property subject to foreclosure remains unoccupied during the foreclosure process. Establishes conditions under which a property may be rented. (HB1557 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Department Of Agriculture Operating Budget.. Description: Makes appropriations relating to the Department of Agriculture operating budget. (SD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Department Of Business, Economic Development, And Tourism.. Description: Appropriates funds for the fiscal biennium 2019-2021 operating budget of the Department of Business, Economic Development, and Tourism programs. Effective 7/1/2112. (SD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Concessions On Public Property.. Description: Increases the maximum length of concession contracts from 15 years to 20 years. Replaces requirements that certain concessions shall be operated by nonprofit corporations in order to be exempt from the sealed bid requirements of section 102-2(a), Hawaii Revised Statutes, with a requirement that state and county agencies give preference to nonprofit corporations pursuant to rules. Provides that a county director of parks and recreation shall designate which county zoos, botanic gardens, or other county parks are environmentally, culturally, historically, or operationally unique for the purpose of determining whether a concession at the zoo, botanic garden, or other park is exempt from the sealed bid requirements of section 102-2(a), Hawaii Revised Statutes. Exempts from sealed bid requirements of section 102-2(a), Hawaii Revised Statutes, concessions on public property whose operations provide historical and cultural information, goods, and services within the Hawaii Capital Historic District. Takes effect 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Electric Grid Resiliency.. Description: Authorizes the Department of Education to evaluate the feasibility and cost-benefit of establishing and implementing a pilot microgrid to provide backup power in the event of a natural disaster or other similar emergency. Authorizes the Department of Transportation to evaluate the feasibility and cost-benefit of a renewable energy microgrid system to provide backup power in the event of a natural disaster or other similar emergency at one facility. Authorizes the Natural Energy Laboratory of Hawaii Authority to establish a microgrid demonstration project. Requires the agencies conducting the evaluations and pilots to report findings and data to the Public Utilities Commission for the Commission to consider in its evaluation of ways to incentivize the installation of renewable energy systems in public facilities that can provide backup power in the event the broader electric grid cannot provide power. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Carbon Emissions.. Description: Appropriates funds to the Office of Planning to conduct a comprehensive study of a statewide carbon tax. Effective 7/1/2100. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Information Technology.. Description: Requires the department of education, in consultation with the office of enterprise technology services, to develop and procure a uniform financial database, with parameters, benefits, and features that are compatible to the software system being implemented by the office of enterprise technology services for use by all state agencies. Appropriates moneys. Takes effect on 7/1/2112. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Human Remains.. Description: Includes the use of natural organic reduction as a method for the disposal of human remains. Amends the procedures for the resolution of disputes regarding the right of disposition, the right to rely and act upon written instructions in a funeral service agreement or similar document, and provisions for the disposition of a decedent's remains and recovery of reasonable expenses to include natural organic reduction facilities. Establishes a working group to explore natural organic reduction as a means of disposal of human remains. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Consumer Protection.. Description: Requires retailers of household appliances to conspicuously display available energy efficiency rebates funded by the public benefits fee and state-specific energy operation costs. Takes effect on 7/1/2112. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Professional And Vocational Licensure.. Description: Specifies the documentation needed for a military spouse to receive a temporary licensure by endorsement. Requires issuance of the license within an unspecified number of days of the application and supporting documents. Excludes construction contracting services form the performance of services permitted under any license or temporary license issues to a military spouse. Requires each licensing board to adopt and publish rules by 8/1/2020 to administer the provisions. Takes effect on 1/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Jurors.. Description: Requires the judiciary to study and report to the legislature on the jury service exemptions in Hawaii and other states, including jury service exemptions for medical professionals, such as psychologists, with active patients. Effective July 1, 2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii enrolled a bill titled: Relating To The Administration Of Justice.. Description: Amends the effect of finding a defendant charged with a petty misdemeanor not involving violence or attempted violence unfit to proceed. Amends the requirements for fitness determination hearings, court-appointed examiners, and examination reports. Authorizes the courts to enter into agreements to divert into residential, rehabilitative, and other treatment those defendants whose physical or mental disease, disorder, or defect is believed to have become or will become an issue in a judicial case. Amends the requirements for appointing qualified examiners to perform examinations for penal responsibility. Removes the time requirement for the ordering of the penal responsibility evaluation. Requires the judiciary, in consultation with county prosecutors, to report to the Legislature on the effectiveness of the Act in 2021, 2022, and 2023. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Tourism.. Description: Amends the allocation of TAT for operation of a Hawaiian center and a museum of Hawaiian music and dance to also include development of the center and museum. Extends the date on which the temporary commission on the thirteenth festival of pacific arts shall cease to exist to August 31, 2022. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Government Services.. Description: Makes appropriations from the general revenues of the State to support DOH and DOD activities to detect, contain, mitigate, and respond to the coronavirus, or COVID-19. Effective 7/1/2030. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Non-general Funds.. Description: Reclassifies the notaries public revolving fund, and criminal forfeiture revolving fund as special funds; litigation deposits trust fund as a trust account; and the national mortgage settlement trust account as a trust fund. Abolishes the criminal justice commission trust account. Abolishes the UH intercollegiate athletics special fund. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Auditory Devices.. Description: Exempts gross receipts from the sale of auditory devices, such as hearing aids, from the general excise tax. Amends the definition of "prosthetic device" to include hearing aids and devices worn on the body. Exempts gross receipts from the repair of prosthetic devices from the general excise tax. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Campaign Finance.. Description: Amends the deadline for candidate committees and noncandidate committees to file organizational reports. Imposes upon both candidate committees and noncandidate committees consistent content, filing, and deadline requirements for organizational reports and preliminary reports. Takes effect on 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Health.. Description: Repeals the spending ceiling for moneys in the civil monetary penalty special fund for use by the Department of Health for Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services-approved compliance activities. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Sexual Assault Evidence Collection Kits.. Description: Extends the deadline for the counties to adopt and utilize electronic tracking systems for sexual assault evidence collection kits. Takes effect on July 1, 2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Vehicle Inspections.. Description: Codifies certain certification, renewal, and violation processes of vehicle inspectors who conduct vehicle safety inspections under the DOT. Repeals section 286-85, HRS, which requires reconstructed vehicles to obtain a special inspection and certification. Takes effect on approval. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Agriculture.. Description: Appropriates funds to the Department of Agriculture for feral pig control. Takes effect on 7/1/2020. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii enrolled a bill titled: Relating To Health.. Description: Authorizes a pharmacy to provide a customized patient medication package to any person upon consent, with a valid prescription, and in compliance with labeling and dispensing requirements. Adds certain substances to the list of Hawaii's Schedule I controlled substances. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii enrolled a bill titled: Relating To Health.. Description: Amends criteria for emergency examination, release from emergency examination, emergency hospitalization, and release from emergency hospitalization for individuals suffering from a behavioral health crisis. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Health.. Description: Amends the statewide newborn hearing screening program to require reporting of diagnostic audiologic evaluation results of infants who do not pass the hearing screening test or are diagnosed as deaf or hard of hearing up to the age of three years to DOH to improve hearing follow-up treatment and support of infants. Updates definitions and terminology. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii enrolled a bill titled: Relating To The State Ethics Code.. Description: Clarifies that the Hawaii State Ethics Commission and each house of the legislature shall adopt rules regarding disclosure of the nature and extent of any interest or transaction that the legislator believes may be affected by the legislator's official action. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii enrolled a bill titled: Relating To Highway Safety.. Description: Establishes the Photo Red Light Imaging Detector Systems Program (Program). Establishes a two year pilot program in the City and County of Honolulu. Authorizes the State and counties to administer the Program. Requires proceeds of fines to be expended in the county from which they were collected for operation of the Program. Establishes a special fund. Makes an appropriation from the state highway fund into the Photo Red Light Imaging Detector Systems special fund. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii enrolled a bill titled: Relating To Musical Performances.. Description: Prohibits a person from advertising or conducting a live musical performance or production through the use of a deceptive affiliation under certain conditions. Enables action against deceptive practices by imposing penalties and private right of action. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Housing.. Description: Authorizes the Hawaii Public Housing Authority to give preference to persons impacted by a low-income or elder housing project is constructed for the housing project's initial tenants or residents. Effective on approval. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Enhanced 911 Services.. Description: Establishes a prepaid wireless E911 surcharge to be imposed on prepaid wireless telecommunications services purchased at a retail transaction. Allows sellers to deduct and retain three per cent of the surcharge for administrative expenses. Requires deposit of the surcharge balance into the enhanced 911 fund. Beginning 7/1/2021, amends the enhanced 911 surcharge rate. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD2)
In 2020, Hawaii enrolled a bill titled: Relating To Collective Bargaining.. Description: Amends bargaining unit (14). Retains state law enforcement officers under bargaining unit (14). Creates a separate bargaining unit (15) for state and county ocean safety and water safety officers. Takes effect upon approval. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Animal Fur Products.. Description: Prohibits the manufacture and sale of animal fur products, with certain exceptions. Takes effect on 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Underground Storage Tanks.. Description: Requires the fuel tank advisory committee to meet at least twice within a same calendar year at least six months apart. Effective upon approval. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Hawaii Employer-union Health Benefits Trust Fund.. Description: Specifies that each EUTF trustee, in addition to the EUTF board, shall administer health and other benefit plans for the sole and exclusive benefit of EUTF beneficiaries. Repeals provisions requiring health and other benefit plans to be provided at an affordable cost to both public employers and public employees. Takes effect upon its approval. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Equal Pay.. Description: Conforms statutory prohibitions against wage discrimination with other prohibitions on employment discrimination. Clarifies allowable justifications for compensation differentials and remedies for pay disparity. Requires employers to disclose wage ranges to employees and prospective employees. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Campaign Contributions.. Description: Provides that excess contributions by nonresident contributors shall be returned to a nonresident contributor of the candidate' or candidate committee's within 30 days of notice of the excess from the Campaign Spending Commission, after determination of any excess by the Commission based on the final election period report, or else escheat to the Hawaii election campaign fund. Takes effect 11/4/2020. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Gift Certificates.. Description: Clarifies that certain county-issued cards and certificates are not subject to the State's unfair and deceptive practices regulations related to gift certificates. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Eyewitness Identification.. Description: Amends Act 281, Session Laws of Hawaii 2019 (Act 281), to provide clarification and flexibility in eyewitness identification procedures. Amends the effective date of Act 281 to 9/1/2020. Takes effect on 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Sex Trafficking.. Description: Includes coercion as a means of committing the offense of sex trafficking. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Wildlife Offenses.. Description: Provides that all animal parts, products, or items containing prohibited animal parts or products involved in the commission of wildlife trafficking or certain hunting offenses shall be considered contraband to be forfeited to and disposed of by the State. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Witness Fees And Reimbursements In Criminal Cases.. Description: Clarifies applicable reimbursement to the State or the defense for expert witness fees, as it pertains to testimony, preparation, and in-court attendance in state court criminal proceedings. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The State Fire Code.. Description: Amends the process for adoption of the state fire code to conform with other Hawaii state building codes. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Taxation.. Description: Extends the period in which a county may adopt a surcharge on state tax, under certain conditions, from 3/31/2019 to 12/31/2020. Authorizes the use of county surcharge revenues for affordable housing infrastructure. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Employment Discrimination.. Description: Limits the convictions that may be used in employment decisions from all convictions in the most recent ten years to felony convictions that occurred in a certain time period and misdemeanor convictions that occurred in a certain time period. Takes effect on 1/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Commission On Salaries.. Description: Requires the commission on salaries that convenes in 2024 to make salary recommendations for the following eight fiscal years. Provides for the executive, judicial, and legislative branch salary recommendations to become effective on the same date beginning on July 1, 2033. Takes effect on 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Disaster Relief.. Description: Extends the lapse date of the appropriations made by Act 12, Session Laws of Hawaii 2018, to June 30, 2023, for flooding disaster relief for Kauai and other areas of the State. Effective 6/29/2020. (HD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Contractors.. Description: Requires a specialty contractor to obtain a C-48 specialty license (structural steel contractor) or sublicense if the performance of work on a contract requires a C-48 specialty license or sublicense and the specialty contractor does not have that specialty license or sublicense. Effective on 1/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Prescription Drugs.. Description: Requires prescription drug manufacturers to notify prescription drug benefit plans and pharmacy benefit managers if a proposed increase in the wholesale acquisition cost of certain drugs would result in a percentage increase of ten per cent or more than the percentage change in the Consumer Price Index over a twoyear period. Requires prescription drug manufacturers to notify prescription drug benefit plans and pharmacy benefit managers if a proposed reduction in rebates will result in a percentage increase of the net cost of the prescription drug of ten per cent or more, even if there is no change to the wholesale acquisition cost. Requires the drug manufacturer to identify and report to the insurance commissioner information on certain drugs whose wholesale acquisition cost increases by a certain amount during a specified time frame. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Homelessness.. Description: Authorizes the issuance of general obligation bonds and appropriates funds for deposit into the rental housing revolving fund for its authorized purposes. Takes effect on 7/1/2025. (HD2)
In 2020, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Hemp.. Description: Legalizes the growth of hemp in the State through the United States Department of Agriculture hemp production program. Allows the processing and sale of hemp products in the State through State licensing. Expedites the substitution of the USDA hemp production program for the existing industrial hemp pilot program as required by federal law. (SD3)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Hawaii Community Development Authority.. Description: Amends the nominating authority of the representatives of the Heeia community development district, Kalaeloa community development district, and Kakaako community development district that serve on the Hawaii community development authority. Provides that the Hawaii Community Development Authority shall not have jurisdiction over the development of lands under the Stadium Authority's jurisdiction. Repeals provisions relating to the stadium development district. Amends Act 268, Session Laws of Hawaii 2019, by making the Stadium Authority responsible for expending the appropriations made by that Act and authorizing the Stadium Authority, rather than the Hawaii Community Development Authority, to issue the revenue bonds authorized by Act 268, Session Laws of Hawaii 2019. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Peer-to-peer Car-sharing.. Description: Authorizes and regulates peer-to-peer car-sharing. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Clean Energy Financing.. Description: Creates the clean energy and energy efficiency revolving loan fund under the administration of the Hawaii Green Infrastructure Authority. Repeals the building energy efficiency revolving loan fund. Appropriates funds. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii enrolled a bill titled: Relating To Energy Efficiency.. Description: Requires and establishes deadlines for all state facilities with an area of 10,000 square feet and over, except facilities at Aloha Stadium, to implement all cost-effective energy efficiency measures. Provides that certain agencies that perform energy efficiency retrofitting may continue to receive appropriations for energy expenditures at an amount that accounts for any costs or debt service for the implementation and management of energy efficiency measures. Beginning 7/1/2020, requires, where feasible and cost-effective, the design of all new state building construction to maximize energy and water efficiency, maximize energy generation potential, and use building materials that reduce the carbon footprint of the project. Directs the Hawaii State Energy Office to collect utility bill and energy usage data for state-owned buildings and to make the data publicly available. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Environmental Protection.. Description: Requires the Department of Land and Natural Resources to adopt rules to protect herbivorous fish in all state waters. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Energy Security Special Fund.. Description: Allows the chief energy officer to contract with Hawaii not-for-profit entities to administer expenditures from the energy security special fund for the purposes set forth in section 201-12.8, HRS. Increases the allocation from the state environmental response, energy, and food security tax for deposit to the energy security special fund from 5 cents to 15 cents per barrel or fractional part of a barrel of petroleum product. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Grid-interactive Water Heater Systems.. Description: Commencing January 1, 2022, prohibits the issuance of building permits for new multi-unit dwellings that do not include grid-interactive water heater systems. Requires the PUC to establish standards for the systems. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD2)
In 2020, Hawaii enrolled a bill titled: Relating To Little Fire Ants.. Description: Authorizes DOA, in conjunction with the Hawaii Ant Lab, to identify best practices for the treatment of little fire ants. Requires DOA to post those best practices on its website. Adds any application that may defeat the best practices for the treatment of little fire ants, as identified by the DOA, to the prohibited acts of pesticides. Clarifies that training for invasive species be based on the best available technology and best practices in a manner consistent with state and federal laws. Effective upon approval. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Sea Level Rise.. Description: Requires the Hawaii climate change mitigation and adaptation commission, in collaboration with the office of planning CZM program, to conduct certain activities to address the impacts of sea level rise and report to the legislature before the 2022 regular session. Appropriates funds for the commission's activities and extends the lapse date to June 30, 2022. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Environmental Protection.. Description: Establishes a 3-year pilot project by the University of Hawaii Water Resources Research Center to demonstrate new toilet and sewage treatment technologies and to expedite demonstration projects. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/2050. Repeals on 6/30/2022. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Coffee Berry Borer.. Description: Extends the sunset date for the Coffee Berry Borer Pesticide Subsidy Program until June 30, 2025, for the purchase of pesticides containing Beauveria bassiana to combat the coffee berry borer. Extends the program manager position to June 30, 2026. Appropriates funds. Takes effect on 7/1/2020. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Renewable Energy.. Description: Amends the definition of renewable portfolio standard to be a percentage of electrical energy generation, rather than sales. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Making An Appropriation For The Office Of The Long-term Care Ombudsman Program.. Description: Appropriates funds to the office of the long-term care ombudsman for an unspecified number of ombudsman specialist positions. Appropriates funds. Takes effect 12/31/2059. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Criminal Offenses Against Seniors.. Description: Lowers the age at which enhanced penalties apply for crimes against seniors from sixty-two years of age to an unspecified age. Makes commission of certain criminal offenses against a senior's person or property applicable regardless of the perpetrator's knowledge of the senior victim's age. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Land Recordation.. Description: Clarifies the data requirements for land recordation on land deregistered by the land court other than fee simple time share interests. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Real Property Transactions.. Description: Requires that mandatory seller disclosures in real estate transactions include identification of residential real properties lying within the sea level rise exposure area as designated by the Hawaii climate change mitigation and adaptation commission or its successor. Effective upon approval. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Kahoolawe Island Reserve Commission.. Description: Appropriates funds to the Department of Land and Natural Resources for the operations of the Kahoolawe Island Reserve Commission and for 2 full-time equivalent positions to support the Commission. Appropriates funds to the Kahoolawe island reserve commission for fire recovery efforts. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Nondepository Trusts.. Description: Clarifies the powers and duties of nondepository trust companies. Amends the yearly assessment on nondepository trust companies by basing its calculation on total assets under management. Establishes a paid-in capital and surplus requirement for chartering nondepository trust companies. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Health.. Description: Establishes and appropriates $110,000 for one full-time equivalent (1.00 FTE) permanent veterinary medical officer position within the department of health and operating costs. Effective July 1, 2020. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To A Food Hub Pilot Program.. Description: Requires the Department of Agriculture to establish a five-year food hub pilot program to increase access to local food. Provides for the award of grant funding by qualified applicants wishing to establish or expand a food hub. Requires reports to the legislature. Appropriates funds. Takes effect on 7/1/2112. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Medicare Part B.. Description: Requires the EUTF board to send actual, individual notice via a board approved method of delivery to EUTF members that they may be eligible for reimbursement of income-related monthly adjustment amount (IRMAA) medicare part B premium payments. Allows beneficiaries to be reimbursed for IRMAA part B premiums owed on or after January 1, 2015, without any time limitation for claiming the reimbursement. Takes effect on 1/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Public Safety.. Description: Includes any count department of the prosecuting attorney in the definition of "law enforcement officer". Requires the law enforcement standards board to review and recommend policies regarding the use of force and receive and investigate complaints of a law enforcement officer's actions or omissions that may result in denial, suspension, or revocation of the officer's certification. Requires the board to adopt rules that establish criteria for denial, suspension, or revocation of a law enforcement officer's certification upon a finding that the officer violated written departmental policy or used unjustified force. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Firearms.. Description: Prohibits the manufacture, possession, sale, barter, trade, gift, transfer, or acquisition of detachable ammunition magazines with a capacity in excess of ten rounds, regardless of the type of firearm with which the magazine is compatible. Allows possession of large-capacity magazines that were legally possessed prior to the effective date of this Act. Allows acquisition by means of inheritance of large-capacity magazines that were legally in possession prior to the effective date of this Act. Allows possession and use by law enforcement agencies and officers. Allows the use of blank-fire assault weapons and detachable ammunition magazines with a capacity in excess of ten rounds for use solely as props for motion picture film or television program production when authorized by the chief of police of the appropriate county and not in violation of federal law. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Uniform Employee And Student Online Privacy Protection Act.. Description: Establishes The Uniform Employee and Student Online Privacy Protection Act that adopts uniform laws on protecting the online accounts of employees, prospective employees, unpaid interns, applicants, students, and prospective students from employers and educational institutions. Takes effect 1/1/2050. (HD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Transportation.. Description: Requires helicopter owners and operators to submit reports to the department of transportation about basic helicopter flight information. Requires the department of transportation to post reports regarding helicopters to its website. Takes effect on 7/1/2050. (HD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Sustainable Aviation Fuel.. Description: Establishes the sustainable aviation fuel program to provide matching grants to any small business in Hawaii that is developing products related to sustainable aviation fuel or commercial aviation operations greenhouse gas reduction. Appropriates funds. Takes effect on 7/1/2112. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii enrolled a bill titled: Relating To The Pacific International Space Center For Exploration Systems.. Description: Establishes the Pacific international space center for exploration systems within the department of business, economic development, and tourism for administrative purposes. Amends the composition of the board of directors of the Pacific international space center for exploration systems. Creates an unspecified amount of exempt positions within the Pacific international space center for exploration systems. Transfers the rights, powers, functions, and duties of the employees of the Pacific international space center for exploration systems to the department of business, economic development, and tourism. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Education.. Description: Establishes within the department of education a workforce readiness program to provide opportunities for students to earn associate degrees, workforce development diplomas, pre-apprenticeship certificates, and other industry-recognized certificates. Requires the department to designate schools, including adult community schools, to participate in the program. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Hunting.. Description: Requires any hunting guide or hunter to obtain and submit to the Department of Land and Natural Resources written permission from any private landowner upon which the hunting guide or hunter is engaged in guide or hunting activities. Requires the Division of Forestry and Wildlife of the Department of Land and Natural Resources to create and make available to the public a written permission form to be completed and filed by any hunting guide or hunter engaged in guide activities or hunting on private lands. Takes effect on 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Invasive Species.. Description: Appropriates funds to the Department of Land and Natural Resources for efforts to substantially reduce and eradicate certain invasive species in the county of Maui. Effective 7/1/2150. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Development Districts.. Description: Establishes the Pulehunui Community Development Authority on the island of Maui as an autonomous community development authority under the Hawaii Community Development Authority for the purposes of developing the Pulehunui community development district. Authorizes the Hawaii Community Development Authority to obtain various forms of financial aid from the federal government for projects of the authority. Prohibits a county ordinance or county rule from requiring a developer of any development having more than 5 residential units to obtain the approval of any state agency, unless required under state law. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii enrolled a bill titled: Relating To Affordable Housing.. Description: Extends the deadline for the Hawaii Housing Finance and Development Corporation to renegotiate an existing, or issue a new, ground lease for the Front Street Apartments affordable housing project before the corporation's requirement to initiate condemnation proceedings is triggered. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Taxation.. Description: Changes the amount of the rental motor vehicle surcharge tax from $5 to an unspecified amount. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Clean And Renewable Energy Jobs.. Description: Permits the expenditure of funds from the energy security special fund for the creation of jobs relating to clean and renewable energy generation. Requires the Hawaii clean energy initiative program to develop a plan to increase jobs aligned with the State's transition to a clean energy economy. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Service Animals.. Description: Appropriates funds for the design and development of a professional training facility for guide dogs and other professionally trained service dogs on an undeveloped portion of the State's animal quarantine facility in Halawa valley on Oahu. Effective 7/1/2020. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii enrolled a bill titled: Relating To Child Abuse Reporting.. Description: Adds members of the clergy, commercial computer technicians, and commercial film, and photographic print or image processors to the categories of persons who are required to report child abuse and neglect to DHS or police. Provides a "safe harbor" through February 28, 2021, for reporting by clergy of known or suspected child abuse that was previously unreported. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Transient Accommodations Tax.. Description: Allocates funds from TAT revenue directly to the Hawaii Tourism Authority, rather than through the Special Land and Development Fund, to improve certain state resources and services. Requires DLNR to submit an annual list to HTA of proposed projects for the HTA Strategic Plan. Requires HTA to submit an annual report of certain projects undertaken in accordance with the HTA Strategic Plan. Effective on 7/1/2099. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Transient Accommodations Tax.. Description: Allocates TAT revenues into the tourism special fund and appropriates funds for the Hawaii tourism authority (HTA) and Hawaii Lodging and Tourism Association to address homelessness in tourist and resort areas, subject to private matching funds. Requires HTA and the Hawaii Lodging and Tourism Association to consult with the Hawaii Interagency Council on Homelessness prior to awarding funds for projects addressing homelessness. Requires HTA to report to the 2021 legislature. Effective 7/1/2099. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Transient Accommodations Tax.. Description: Amends the amount of transient accommodations tax revenues allocated to the counties from a specified sum to capped reimbursements to the county for expenditures related to specified county public services. Appropriates funds to the department of budget and finance for costs and expenses incurred in the development, implementation, or support, including operational costs and costs for necessary staffing, needed to effectuate this measure. Effective 7/1/2099. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To World War Ii Commemoration.. Description: Appropriates funds for programs, ceremonies, and activities commemorating the 75th anniversary of the end of World War II. Effective July 1, 2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To An Underwater Tunnel And Supporting Roadways To Provide A More Direct Connection Between Ewa And Downtown Honolulu.. Description: Requires the Department of Transportation to conduct a study on the feasibility of a private-public partnership to design, build, and operate an underwater tunnel for vehicle traffic to provide a more direct connection between Ewa and downtown Honolulu along with the expansion of roadways as necessary to maximize use of the tunnel. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Electric Foot Scooters.. Description: Establishes a framework for the regulation of electric foot scooters by the State and counties. Amends definitions of "moped" to exclude electric foot scooters. Takes effect on 7/1/2050. (HD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Tobacco.. Description: Establishes a requirement that persons under 21 years of age who use tobacco at a public school or public school function attend a tobacco education course. Appropriates funds. Takes effect on 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Tax Credits.. Description: Adjusts the amount of the income tax credit for low-income household renters based on adjusted gross income and taxpayer filing status and provides for automatic adjustments to the tax credit based on the consumer price index. Effective 7/1/2025. (HD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Taxation.. Description: Amends the income tax credit for expenses for household and dependent care services necessary for gainful employment by changing the taxpayer's applicable percentage of employmentrelated expenses that constitutes the tax credit and cap amount. Takes effect on 12/31/2059. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Employment Of A Minor.. Description: Requires a studio teacher to accompany, supervise, and advocate on behalf of a minor whenever the minor is on set and a variance from the work hour restrictions to allowable theatrical employment is granted, when employed for theatrical purposes. Requires a nurse to accompany, supervise, and advocate on behalf of an infant whenever the infant is on set. Defines "studio teacher". Takes effect 1/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Public Employee Compensation.. Description: Establishes the public employees' compensation appeals board to hear appeals requesting the repricing of a class. Appropriates funds. Takes effect 1/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Medical Release.. Description: Creates a medical release program within the Department of Public Safety for certain ill, disabled, or impaired inmates who pose a low risk to public safety. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Non-general Funds.. Description: Abolishes, repeals, or reclassifies various non-general funds of the department of transportation. Effective 7/1/2020. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Education.. Description: Amends the minimum qualifications for nominees to the State Public Charter School Commission to require residency in the State. Provides that commission members may be reimbursed for necessary and reasonable travel expenses incurred in the conduct of official commission business. Takes effect on 7/1/2055. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Emergency Medical Services.. Description: Requires that any county of the State with a population greater than 500,000 adopt the recommendations of the National Highway Transportation Safety Administration and submit a report to the Legislature on steps taken to improve efficiency and revenue recovery for emergency medical services. Requires each county to conduct an evaluation regarding the finances and operations of the county's emergency medical services system. Requires reports to the Legislature and Department of Health. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Physician Shortage.. Description: Addresses the State's physician shortage by establishing a Medical Student Sponsorship Program within DOH for medical students who successfully graduate from a high-quality but lower-cost school of medicine and make a ten-year service commitment to practice medicine in Hawaii. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD2)
In 2020, Hawaii enrolled a bill titled: Relating To Special Immigrant Juvenile Status.. Description: Specifies that the family court has jurisdiction in proceedings concerning the custody or guardianship of an immigrant child pursuant to a motion for Special Immigrant Juvenile factual findings requesting a determination that the child was abused, neglected, or abandoned before the age of 18. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Earned Income Tax Credit.. Description: Requires all employers to notify their employees in writing of the availability of the federal and state earned income tax credits. Effective 1/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Education.. Description: Expands the requirement that the Board of Education release from school attendance students observing holy days to also include the observation of other religious practices. Takes effect on 7/1/2050. (HD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Taxation.. Description: Permanently directs specified percentages of the general excise tax revenues to a new educational infrastructure special fund for the department of education and other entities responsible for school facilities to augment its capacity and infrastructure and to the department of transportation to protect the state highway system from the threat of inundation and damage caused by climate change and to augment the capacity and infrastructure of the State's highways. Directs specified percentages of revenues from a new, temporary state improvement surcharge to the foregoing purposes and to certain state funds. Takes effect on 7/1/2050. (HD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The University Of Hawaii.. Description: Establishes, and appropriates funds for, a network improvement community task force to develop a K-12 science, technology, engineering, and mathematics teacher education degree for the University of Hawaii. Appropriates funds for the office of international and regional partnerships of the University of Hawaii Maui college for study abroad programs. Takes effect on 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Education.. Description: Requires the BOE to include evaluation of the most current strategic plan indicators as a component of the superintendent of education's annual performance evaluation. Requires improvements in at least one-half of those indicators for any salary increase for the superintendent. Takes effect upon approval. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Employees' Retirement System.. Description: Authorizes forfeiture of certain ERS benefits, pursuant to court order, for state or county employees and designated beneficiaries who are convicted of an employment-related felony. Takes effect on 1/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Manslaughter.. Description: Authorizes manslaughter prosecutions for wilful and wanton disregard of the need to exercise reasonable care that results in the death of another person. Takes effect on 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Transportation Network Companies.. Description: Establishes requirements and permitting procedures for transportation network companies operating in the State. Makes permanent insurance requirements for transportation network companies and transportation network drivers. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Child Passenger Restraints.. Description: Amends requirements for child passengers. Requires rear facing child safety seats for children under two years of age. Raises certain fines for violations. Effective upon approval. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The University Of Hawaii.. Description: Appropriates funds to provide scholarships to students pursuing Hawaiian language certifications or degrees within the University of Hawaii system. Takes effect on 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Invasive Species.. Description: Establishes a pilot program within the Aina Mauna legacy program of DHHL to remove and harvest gorse from Mauna Kea and develop it as a marketable product to expand economic opportunities for native Hawaiians. Requires reports to the legislature. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Procurement.. Description: Requires the state procurement office to establish a past performance database. Requires that the determination of certain contract awards through the procurement process consider a contractor's past performance. Appropriates funds. Effective 1/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Mental Health And Substance Abuse Special Fund.. Description: Authorizes expenditures from the mental health and substance abuse special fund to be used for certain capital improvement projects. Limits the expenditures for capital improvement projects to an unspecified percentage of total expenditures from the special fund and an unspecified percentage of the total surplus of the special fund. Excludes projects that would expand inpatient forensic capacity at the Hawaii State Hospital from permissible capital improvement projects funded from the mental health and substance abuse special fund. Effective 12/31/2059. (HD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Department Of Land And Natural Resources.. Description: Appropriates funds to the division of forestry and wildlife to purchase firefighting equipment. Takes effect on 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Non-agricultural Park Lands.. Description: Requires the Department of Land and Natural Resources to transfer to the Department of Agriculture certain non-agricultural park lands by a specified date. Requires lessees, permittees, and other occupants to develop and implement a watershed partnership plan and dedicate 50% of meat production for local consumption by 12/31/2023. Requires the Department of Agriculture to report on the percentage of local meat production marketed within the State and on implementation of the watershed partnership plan. Amends the definition of "agricultural activities" used in chapter 166E, Hawaii Revised Statutes. Section 3, subsections (a), (b), and (c) sunset 6/30/2021. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Coral Restoration.. Description: Establishes a pilot project to plan and design an expansion of the Hawaii Coral Restoration Nursery, including improvements to the sea urchin hatchery. Requires a report to the Legislature. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Hawaii State Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, Transgender, Queer, Plus Commission.. Description: Establishes the Hawaii state lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, queer, plus commission. Appropriates funds. Effective 12/31/2059. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Agriculture.. Description: Appropriates moneys to the Department of Agriculture for 3 full-time equivalent (3.0 FTE) inspectors to perform meat inspection services. Takes effect on 7/1/2020. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii enrolled a bill titled: Relating To Adolescent Mental Health Care.. Description: Allows an unlicensed mental health professional, working under the supervision of a licensed mental health professional, to provide mental health treatment or counseling services to minors without parental or legal guardian consent, knowledge, or participation. Requires a mental health professional to ensure that the covered entity has been notified that minor-initiated mental health treatment or counseling services should not be disclosed. Requires a covered entity, upon notification that minor-initiated mental health treatment or counseling services should not be disclosed, to maintain the confidentiality of minor-initiated mental health treatment or counseling services. Takes effect 1/30/2021. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Health.. Description: Establishes a task force within the Department of Health to identify therapies and home- and community-based care services that may benefit persons having fetal alcohol spectrum disorders, including therapies and treatments that may benefit them as adults. Requires the task force to recommend any necessary policy changes, rule changes, or legislation to increase access to these therapies and services. Requires a report to the Legislature. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii enrolled a bill titled: Relating To Employment Practices.. Description: Prohibits an employer from requiring an employee to enter into a nondisclosure agreement pertaining to sexual harassment or sexual assault. Prohibits an employer from retaliating against an employee for disclosing or discussing sexual harassment or sexual assault. Takes effect upon its approval. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Proof Of Domestic Or Sexual Violence Victim Status.. Description: Makes consistent the types of documents accepted as proof of domestic or sexual violence victim status. Effective 12/31/2059. (HD2)
In 2020, Hawaii enrolled a bill titled: Relating To Domestic Abuse.. Description: Provides that family courts may withhold from public inspection any record of a denied temporary restraining order or denied protective order; provided that these records shall remain accessible to law enforcement without a court order. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Child Support.. Description: Requires the AG and DHS to convene a study group to examine the impacts, costs, and impediments of allowing child support payments to pass through to TANF recipients and submit a report to the legislature prior to the 2022 Regular Session. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Sexual Exploitation Of Children.. Description: Establishes a statewide coordinator and program within DHS to address the needs of sexually exploited children. Establishes the commercial sexual exploitation of children steering committee. Requires the steering committees to submit reports to the legislature by July 1, 2021, and July 1, 2022. Appropriates funds. Takes effect 12/31/2059. (HD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Public Service Office Hours.. Description: Establishes the Public Service Office Hours Task Force to study and develop a plan to reduce the number of public employees that commute during hours of peak traffic congestion. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Hawaii Housing Finance And Development Corporation.. Description: Creates a downpayment guarantee program for certain first-time homebuyers. Creates the loan loss reserve fund subaccount to fund the program. Creates two full time equivalent positions (2.0 FTE) to administer the program. Appropriates funds. Takes effect on 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Domestic Violence.. Description: Amends the offense of abuse of family or household members to provide for a lesser included petty misdemeanor offense. Allows a deferred acceptance of guilty plea in cases involving misdemeanor and petty misdemeanor abuse offenses. Requires the judiciary to submit annual reports to the legislature on the number and outcome of abuse of family or household members cases. Sunsets pilot program 6/30/2023. Takes effect 12/31/2059. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Administration Of Justice.. Description: Limits the period of DOH commitment for those defendants charged with a non-violent class C felony and found to be unfit to proceed under chapter 704, HRS. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Property Forfeiture.. Description: Restricts asset forfeiture to cases involving the commission of a covered criminal misdemeanor or felony offense. Requires seized property to be forfeited only when the property owner has been convicted of an underlying covered criminal misdemeanor or felony offense. Changes the standard of proof that the State must meet in order for property to be forfeited from "preponderance of the evidence" to "beyond a reasonable doubt". Requires the State to prove that owners consented to or possessed knowledge of the crime that led to the seizure of their property. Requires that the agency seizing the property pay for safe and secure storage of the seized property until the completion of the forfeiture proceeding or final disposition of the property. Directs any proceeds from a civil forfeiture to the general revenue fund for public education purposes. Repeals administrative forfeiture proceedings. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Education.. Description: Establishes a working group to create a state plan to make FAFSA completion a statewide graduation requirement and an opt-out waiver for FAFSA completion by the 2022-2023 school year. Appropriates funds. Takes effect on 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The University Of Hawaii.. Description: Removes the sunset provision of Act 39, Session Laws of Hawaii 2017, making permanent the innovation and commercialization initiative program. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Criminal History Record Checks.. Description: Allows the University of Hawaii to conduct criminal history record checks on current or prospective employees, and contractors and their employees, whose duties include ensuring security of campus facilities and persons. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Early Learning.. Description: Establishes an early childhood educator stipend program to be administered by the executive office on early learning to address the shortage of qualified early childhood educators in Hawaii. Appropriates funds. Takes effect on 7/1/2055. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii enrolled a bill titled: Relating To Medical Cannabis.. Description: Authorizes the Department of Health to consider processes that may allow cannabis or manufactured cannabis products that fail testing to be remediated. Allows the Department of Health to allow licensed dispensaries to provide educational and scientific information and sponsor events related to medical cannabis. Takes effect 1/1/2021. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Health.. Description: Requires DHS, upon approval from the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, to establish and implement a program for providing home- and community-based services to at-risk individuals having intellectual or developmental disabilities who meet certain criteria. Seeks approval, no later than June 30, 2021, from the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services to provide coverage for services established under the program. Appropriates funds. Effective December 31, 2059. (HD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Executive Office On Aging.. Description: Amends the description for the appropriation for the Alzheimer's disease and related dementia services coordinator in Act 127, SLH 2019. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Minors.. Description: Requires circuit courts to apply special sentencing considerations when sentencing a minor for a nonviolent offense. Allows the circuit courts, in their discretion, to impose a sentence up to fifty per cent shorter than the mandatory minimum or to decline to impose a mandatory enhanced sentence in certain circumstances. Effective 12/31/2059. (HD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Hemp Products.. Description: Establishes a hemp processor registry for hemp-derived products that consists of labeling and independent laboratory testing to ensure products do not contain contaminants unfit for human consumption. Prohibits hemp processors, distributors, and retailers from making unwarranted health claims of their hemp-derived products. Prohibits the sale or furnish of any hemp product to a person under twenty-one years of age. Prohibits the sale, hold, offer, or distribution for sale of any hemp-derived products designed to be appealing to children. Requires these products to be properly labeled to be legally allowed for sale in the State. Requires certain warning statements to be placed on the packaging of hemp-derived products. Establishes penalties. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Health.. Description: Clarifies the group of professionals who are prohibited from knowingly referring or transferring patients to an uncertified or unlicensed care facility. Repeals landlord exclusion. Requires the Department of Health to triage complaint allegations based to severity for inspections of care facilities. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The State Ethics Code.. Description: Amends certain parts of the conflicts of interests law of the state ethics code to include members of the legislature. Clarifies that the conflicts of interests law does not prohibit a legislator from introducing legislation, serving on a committee, making statements, or taking action in the exercise of their legislative functions. Effective 1/1/2050. (HD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Tax Credits.. Description: Amends the aggregate cap amount of the tax credit for research activities. Applies to taxable years beginning after 12/31/2020. Takes effect on 7/1/2112. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii enrolled a bill titled: Relating To The Code Of Ethics.. Description: Prohibits certain former State employees from representing certain interests in a legislative or administrative action before the State for twelve months after the termination of their employment. Effective 1/1/2021. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii enrolled a bill titled: Relating To The State Ethics Code.. Description: Makes various amendments to the State Ethics Code. Repeals exemption from certain financial disclosure requirements granted to members of the Hawaii Correctional System Oversight Commission. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Elections.. Description: Makes housekeeping amendments to Hawaii's elections laws to clarify and improve the administration of elections by mail. Establishes a process, beginning on January 1, 2021, for preregistering or registering public school- and charter school-enrolled students to vote. Establishes ranked choice voting for special federal elections, special elections for vacant state senate or state house of representatives seats, and special elections for vacant county council seats. Amends filing deadlines for candidates attempting to fill vacant state senate seats. Effective 7/1/2030. (HD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Hawaii Technology Development Corporation.. Description: Appropriates funds to support the programs of the Hawaii Technology Development Corporation. Takes effect on 7/1/2112. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Investment In Innovative Technologies.. Description: Requires the Department of Business, Economic Development, and Tourism to develop and implement an investment in innovative technologies plan to support the advancement of innovative technologies in the areas of energy, transportation, agriculture, and water. Appropriates funds. Takes effect on 7/1/2112. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii enrolled a bill titled: Relating To Family Leave.. Description: Extends Hawaii family leave to include care for employees' grandchildren. Defines "sibling". Takes effect on 7/1/2020. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Individual Sports.. Description: Allows home-schooled, high school-age students to participate as unattached competitors in individual sports available to the public school that the student would otherwise be required to attend. Takes effect on 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Education.. Description: Requires the DOE to employ at least one full-time equivalent teacher for each grade level that has five or more students in grades kindergarten through six in each public school with a student enrollment of one hundred fifty or less students, excluding charter schools, beginning with the 2020-2021 school year. Appropriates funds. Takes effect on 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Cesspool Conversion.. Description: Establishes a cesspool compliance pilot grant project to assist low- and moderate-income property owners with the costs of upgrading or converting a cesspool. Applies to cesspools identified as failing by the Department of Health. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Traffic Violations.. Description: Requires additional circumstances under which every motor vehicle, including motorcycles, motor scooters, electric foot scooters, and motorized bicycles, moving on any public highway in the State must display its lighted head lamps. Effective upon approval. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Solid Waste Management.. Description: Requires residential and commercial solid waste be separated by source and processed at appropriate facilities. Requires each county to submit a revised integrated solid waste management plan by 1/1/2021. Establishes a 2030 waste stream reduction goal. Appropriates funds to the counties for solid waste management programs. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Condominiums.. Description: Clarifies that all condominiums may amend their declarations by the vote or written consent of owners representing at least sixty-seven per cent of the common interest, unless amended by the unit owners to require a higher percentage. Clarifies provisions concerning the installation of solar energy devices on common elements or limited common elements. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD2)
In 2020, Hawaii enrolled a bill titled: Relating To Towing.. Description: Clarifies the fees tow companies may charge. Clarifies the duties of tow companies when vehicle owners arrive on the scene while their vehicles are in the process of being hooked up. Requires tow and storage companies to accept credit cards and debit cards. Subjects violations of the towing statute to the penalties and remedies under the State's unfair or deceptive acts or practices law and consumer protection law. Adds definitions for clarity. Effective 10/1/2020. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Sustainable Agriculture.. Description: Establishes a three year cover crop reimbursement pilot program to provide up to one hundred per cent cost reimbursement to farming operations in the State for acquiring cover crop seeds or green manure. Establishes a cover crop reimbursement pilot program manager position within the department of agriculture to administer the program. Requires a report to the legislature. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/2150. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Ignition Interlock Devices.. Description: Requires consecutive terms of imprisonment for anyone convicted as a repeat or habitual offender if arising from same conduct as conviction for operating a vehicle without an ignition interlock device. Requires any person operating a vehicle with an ignition interlock to have government issued identification in their immediate possession. Extends the lookback period under provisions relating to ignition interlock requirements from five to ten years. Expands the offense of circumventing or tampering with an ignition interlock to include obscuring the camera lens. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Operating A Vehicle Under The Influence Of An Intoxicant.. Description: Defines "highly intoxicated driver". Provides the evidentiary standard for establishing that a person was a "highly intoxicated driver". Requires that ignition interlock devices be installed and maintained on one or more vehicles registered to and all vehicles operated by anyone convicted of operating a vehicle under the influence of an intoxicant, during the applicable period of license revocation. Increases the license revocation period ordered by the Administrative Driver's License Revocation Office and extends the applicable lookback periods from five to ten years. Establishes higher penalties for a highly intoxicated driver operating a vehicle. Establishes higher penalties for offenses of operating a vehicle under the influence of an intoxicant. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Sand Island.. Description: Requires DLNR to conduct shoreline remediation at the Sand Island state recreation area. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Childhood Sexual Abuse.. Description: Amends statutory limitations on the time period in which a survivor of childhood sexual abuse may file a civil suit. Allows punitive damages. Permits the court to order restorative justice measures, if deemed appropriate. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Agriculture.. Description: Appropriates funds to the Department of Agriculture to establish a foreign agriculture small equipment pilot program. Requires a report to the Legislature. Effective 7/1/2020. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii enrolled a bill titled: Relating To The Housing Loan And Mortgage Program.. Description: Increases the Hula Mae Multifamily Revenue Bond authorization ceiling amount to continue financing affordable rental housing statewide. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Wind Energy Facilities.. Description: Establishes a setback of one foot for every foot of height of a wind turbine from the nearest existing farm dwelling or residential dwelling unit for certain wind energy facilities in agricultural districts. Requires a study on the effects of noise production by wind energy facilities on the health of residents and students. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Lease Extensions On Public Land.. Description: Authorizes the Board of Land and Natural Resources to extend certain leases of public lands for commercial, industrial, resort, or government use upon approval of a proposed development agreement to make substantial improvements to the existing improvements. Effective 7/1/2050. Sunsets on 6/30/2025. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Agricultural Buildings.. Description: Increases the maximum area for each agricultural shade cloth structure, cold frame, and greenhouse that could qualify the structure for an exemption from building permit and building code requirements. Adds language granting county enforcement authorities the right of entry to inspect and enforce violations. Effective upon approval. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Wildlife.. Description: Requires all habitat conservation plans to include an agreement for plan participants to enter into and maintain an annual service contract with a stand-by and response facility available to provide emergency medical and rehabilitation services to native wildlife affected by activities undertaken within the plan area. Effective 7/1/2150. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Condominiums.. Description: Provides that any unit in a development that consists of not more than two units; is occupied as the principal place of residence of the developer, its successor, or assign; and for which the initial sale of the other unit has been completed, shall be considered sold for purposes of satisfying a developer's annual report requirement. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Water Quality.. Description: Establishes reporting requirements for onsite sewage disposal system (OSDS) servicers. Appropriates funds for UH sea grant college program, in collaboration with DOH, to conduct community outreach regarding OSDS. Appropriates funds for UH water resources research center, in collaboration with DOH, to research the most cost-effective way to upgrade or convert cesspools. Requires and appropriates funds for the cesspool conversion working group to compile an updated database of OSDS statewide. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The State Budget.. Description: Adjusts and makes additional appropriations for fiscal biennium 2019-2021 to fund the operations of executive branch agencies and programs. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii enrolled a bill titled: Relating To Cemeteries.. Description: Clarifies that churches granted an exemption from the state laws governing cemeteries and funeral trusts are exempt from all requirements. Allows the director of commerce and consumer affairs to impose any statutory requirement upon an exempt cemetery authority by order. Clarifies that an entity exempt as a church under federal tax law is considered a church for purposes of exemption. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Disciplinary Actions In Public Schools.. Description: Requires the department of education to track and publish the use of all exclusionary discipline disaggregated by student subgroup. Takes effect on 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Land Use.. Description: Requires the office of planning to conduct a land use study for Hauula, Oahu, that assesses the viability and cost of maintaining the transit corridor. Appropriates funds. Takes effect on 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Department Of Hawaiian Home Lands.. Description: Appropriates funds to DHHL for the acquisition of land to be developed by DHHL for affordable housing units.
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Iolani Palace.. Description: Appropriates funds for repair, restoration, and maintenance of Iolani Palace. Requires DLNR to conduct a structural and electrical survey of Iolani Place and submit to the legislature a five- to ten-year working plan for Iolani Palace to proceed with repair, restoration, and maintenance work on the property. Takes effect on 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Commercial Marine Licenses.. Description: Provides that a single commercial marine vessel license satisfies the licensure requirement for all persons aboard the licensed vessel. Requires any person who provides fishing charter services to obtain a commercial marine license. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To State Planning.. Description: Requires the office of planning to review and propose updates to the state planning act. Appropriates moneys. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Workforce Development.. Description: Establishes a workforce development coordinator position within the department of education. Specifies the duties of the coordinator and P-20 agriculture education working group. Appropriates funds. Takes effect on 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Stadium Authority.. Description: Adds two members to the stadium authority to consist of one resident of the geographical areas broadly encompassing Aiea or Halawa area and one resident of the Foster Village, Crosspointe, or Alii Plantation area. Takes effect on 1/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Elderly.. Description: Establishes the offense of financial exploitation of an elder and provides enhanced penalties. Amends mandatory reporting requirements for suspected financial abuse of an elder. Requires DHS to share records with the appropriate county police departments or offices of the prosecuting attorney. Effective 12/31/2059. (HD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Energy Efficiency.. Description: Authorizes the Chief Energy Officer of the Hawaii State Energy Office to adopt rules to enforce minimum efficiency standards for certain products and establish or amend appliance efficiency standards in certain situations. Regulates the appliance efficiency standards for air purifiers and portable electric spas. Takes effect on 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Emergency Medical Services.. Description: Appropriates funds for collective bargaining increases and other current expenses. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Drug Disposal.. Description: Establishes the Drug Disposal Program, administered by the Department of the Attorney General, to dispose of prescription and over-the-counter drugs in a safe, secure, and environmentally friendly manner. Establishes the Drug Disposal Special Fund and appropriates funds. Effective July 1, 2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Medicaid Benefits.. Description: Appropriates funds to restore diagnostic, preventive, and restorative dental benefits to adult Medicaid enrollees, provided DHS obtains maximum federal matching funds available. Takes effect on December 31, 2059. (HD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The University Of Hawaii Promise Program Plus.. Description: Establishes the University of Hawaii promise program plus to provide scholarships for the unmet direct cost needs of qualified students enrolled in bachelor's degree programs in teaching, health care, social work, or engineering at the University of Hawaii who commit to work for at least three years in Hawaii. Appropriates funds to establish, implement, and manage the program. Takes effect on 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Traffic Code.. Description: Amends the statewide traffic code to allow for the chairperson of the BLNR and county chiefs of police to designate state or county employees or contractors to issue citations for traffic violations. Effective upon approval. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Loan Repayment For Health Care Professionals.. Description: Appropriates funds for fiscal year 2020-2021 for the health care provider loan repayment program administered through the John A. Burns School of Medicine of the University of Hawaii at Manoa; provided that the funds are matched on a dollar-to-dollar basis by a private or another public source. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Technology Transfer At The University Of Hawaii.. Description: Extends the sunset provision in Act 38, Session Laws of Hawaii 2017, for certain exemptions from the Ethics Code as related to UH technology transfer from 6/30/2022 to 6/30/2025. Takes effect on July 1, 2050. (HD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Conference Center Revolving Fund.. Description: Expands the scope of the University of Hawaii at Hilo conference center revolving fund to all programs conducted by the University of Hawaii at Hilo. Requires an annual report to the Legislature regarding the fund. Gives the chancellor of the University of Hawaii at Hilo, rather than the dean of the college of continuing education and community service, authority to expend moneys from the fund. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Sex Offenders.. Description: Allows a court to prohibit persons convicted of a crime against minors or sexual offense on 7/1/2020, and thereafter, from residing, permanently or temporarily, within 500 feet of any public or private school, child care facility, playground, or park where children may gather. Takes effect on 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Sexual Offenses.. Description: Amends the offense of solicitation of a minor for prostitution by specifying that the act of offering or agreeing to any type of consideration, rather than payment of a fee, constitutes solicitation of a minor. Makes solicitation of a minor a class B felony. Clarifies that the offender's state of mind is not required when the person solicited is a law enforcement officer who holds themselves out as a minor. Imposes a criminal penalty on any parent, guardian, or person having custody or control of a minor that offers or agrees for consideration for the purpose of another person engaging in sexual conduct with the minor. Imposes a criminal penalty on any person that entices a parent, guardian, or person having custody or control of a minor by electronic means for the purposes of engaging in sexual conduct with the minor. Imposes a criminal penalty on any person that solicits another for prostitution of a minor. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Wages.. Description: Increases the penalty for violation of wages and hours laws to a class C felony. Effective 1/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Agriculture.. Description: Establishes the Beginning Farmer and Rancher Grant Program under the Department of Agriculture. Allows the Department to make grants to start new commercial farms and ranches. Makes an appropriation. Takes effect on 7/1/2150. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Animal Industry Special Fund.. Description: Allows revenue generated by the state veterinary laboratory and animal disease control branch to be deposited into the Animal Industry Special Fund. Effective on 7/1/2020. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Important Agricultural Land Qualified Agricultural Cost Tax Credit.. Description: Extends the time that the Department of Agriculture may certify important agricultural lands qualified agricultural costs for purposes of the important qualified agricultural costs tax credit through the 2030 tax year. Effective 7/1/2020. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Making An Emergency Appropriation To The Stadium Authority.. Description: Makes an emergency appropriation to provide funds for the stadium authority for payroll, various repair and maintenance costs, contracts for services, and operating equipment. Effective on 1/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Law Enforcement Officers Safety Act.. Description: Establishes within the department of the attorney general a program for issuance of firearm qualification certifications to qualified law enforcement officers pursuant to the federal Law Enforcement Officers Safety Act of 2004 (Public Law 108-277), codified at title 18 United States Code section 926C. Takes effect 7/1/2050. (HD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Electric Guns.. Description: Repeals the existing law that bans electric guns, and replaces it with a law that restricts the ownership, use, storage, and disposal of electric guns, regulates the sale, distribution, and transfer of electric guns, requires training and education on electric guns, prohibits certain individuals from the possession and use of electric guns, and prohibits the carrying or use of electric guns in the commission of crimes. Establishes permitting requirement to acquire electric projectile guns and registration requirements. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Notaries Public.. Description: Updates the laws regarding notaries public to conform to the Revised Uniform Law on Notarial Acts (2018), the Hawaii Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, other state notary laws, and current notary practices. Takes effect on 9/1/2020. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Electric Vehicles.. Description: Establishes an income tax credit of up to $2,500 per new electric vehicle that costs up to $50,000. Sunsets on 12/31/2028. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Public Lands.. Description: Exempts lands set aside by the Governor to HHFDC for the primary purpose of developing affordable housing from classification as public land subject to DLNR management. Provides that lands set aside to HHFDC and no longer needed for housing, finance, and development purposes be returned to the public trust administered by DLNR. Takes effect on 7/1/2025. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Hawaii Film And Creative Industries Development Special Fund.. Description: Makes an appropriation out of the Hawaii Film and Creative Industries Development Special Fund. Makes a housekeeping, technical amendment to section 201-113, Hawaii Revised Statutes. Takes effect on 7/1/2112. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Making Emergency Appropriations For Public Employment Cost Items.. Description: Makes emergency appropriations for fiscal biennium 2019-2021 for collective bargaining cost items, including the cost of salary adjustments negotiated between the State and the bargaining representative, for collective bargaining unit (2) and their excluded counterparts. Effective upon approval. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Making Emergency Appropriations For Public Employment Cost Items.. Description: Makes emergency appropriations for fiscal biennium 2019-2021 for collective bargaining cost items, including the cost of salary adjustments negotiated between the State and the bargaining representative, for collective bargaining unit (3) and their excluded counterparts. Takes effect upon its approval. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Public Employment Cost Items.. Description: Appropriates funds for fiscal biennium 2019-2021 for collective bargaining cost items, salary increases, and other cost adjustments for collective bargaining unit (4) and their excluded counterparts. Takes effect upon its approval. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Public Employment Cost Items.. Description: Appropriates funds for fiscal biennium 2019-2021 for collective bargaining cost items, salary increases, and other cost adjustments for collective bargaining unit (7) and their excluded counterparts. Takes effect on 1/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Making Emergency Appropriations For Public Employment Cost Items.. Description: Makes emergency appropriations for fiscal biennium 2019-2021 for collective bargaining cost items, including the cost of salary adjustments negotiated between the State and the bargaining representative, for collective bargaining unit (8) and their excluded counterparts. Takes effect upon its approval. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Making Emergency Appropriations For Public Employment Cost Items.. Description: Makes emergency appropriations for fiscal biennium 2019-2021 for collective bargaining cost items, including the cost of salary adjustments negotiated between the State and the bargaining representative, for collective bargaining unit (9) and their excluded counterparts. Takes effect upon its approval. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Making Emergency Appropriations For Public Employment Cost Items.. Description: Makes emergency appropriations for fiscal biennium 2019-2021 for collective bargaining cost items, including the cost of salary adjustments negotiated between the State and the bargaining representative, for collective bargaining unit (13) and their excluded counterparts. Takes effect upon its approval. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Public Employment Cost Items.. Description: Appropriates funds for fiscal biennium 2019-2021 for collective bargaining cost items, salary increases, and other cost adjustments for collective bargaining unit (14) and their excluded counterparts. Takes effect on 1/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Qualified Domestic Relations Orders.. Description: Clarifies benefits to alternate payees, advisory review determinations of Hawaii domestic relations orders, and the priority of multiple orders. Effective 1/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Employees' Retirement System Disability Retirement.. Description: Clarifies the employees' retirement system's eligibility requirement definitions for service-connected disability and accidental death benefits. Effective 1/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Professional And Vocational Licensing Trust Funds.. Description: Allows the contractors license board and real estate commission to adjust, reduce, suspend, or cease collection of recovery fund and education fund fees to maintain a reasonable relation between the fees generated and the cost of services rendered by the funds. Caps the contractors recovery fund, contractors education fund, real estate recovery fund, real estate education fund, and condominium education trust fund at amounts determined biennially by the contractors license board or real estate commission. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Contractors Recovery Fund.. Description: Increases the monetary amount an injured homeowner may recover from the Contractors Recovery Fund. Repeals 6/30/2023. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Securities.. Description: Protects elders and vulnerable adults from financial exploitation in relation to securities. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Massage Therapy.. Description: Requires the Board of Massage Therapy to adopt and enforce sanitation rules for massage establishments. Repeals existing statutory language that classifies unlicensed activity as a petty misdemeanor in favor of existing statutes that treat unlicensed activity as a misdemeanor. Increases the minimum fine from $100 to $250 and the maximum fine from $1,000 to $2,000 for each violation of the massage therapy laws. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Mortgage Loan Recovery Fund.. Description: Expands the pool of persons eligible to receive restitution from the Mortgage Loan Recovery Fund. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Homeland Security.. Description: Establishes the Hawaii state fusion center as a program under the office of homeland security and establishes the position of Hawaii state fusion center director who shall be state-funded, responsible to the director of homeland security, and accountable to manage the operations of the center. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Reports Of Child Abuse.. Description: Adds immunity from civil and criminal liability for individuals who provide information or assistance in child abuse investigations. Effective 12/31/2059. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Residency Requirements In State Hiring.. Description: Exempts dependents of military servicemembers from state residency requirement for employment with state or county government. Effective 1/1/2050. (HD2)
In 2020, Hawaii enrolled a bill titled: Relating To Dead Bodies.. Description: Clarifies prohibited actions related to anatomical gifts and disposition of bodies. Effective 1/1/2021. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii enrolled a bill titled: Relating To The Department Of Labor And Industrial Relations.. Description: Updates various assessments and penalties under DLIR's jurisdiction by revising the monetary assessments according to changes in the Consumer Price Index. Takes effect on its approval. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Authorizing The Department Of Land And Natural Resources To Lease Pasture Lands On Terms That Promote Collaborative Beneficial Use For Forestry, Wildlife, Recreational, And Food Production Purposes.. Description: Authorizes the Board of Land and Natural Resources to amend and extend existing pasture leases and to issue new pasture leases by negotiation in furtherance of public purposes. Requires DLNR and DOA to identify potentially transferable lands whose land use classification is at dispute and petition the land use commission for a determination. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Public Safety.. Description: Appropriates funds to purchase the Honolulu Federal Detention Center. Takes effect on 7/1/2050. (HD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Transient Accommodations Tax.. Description: Amends the transient accommodations tax law to repeal the misdemeanor for failing to register and replacing it with a fine structure and to make various technical amendments. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Immigration.. Description: Makes an appropriation to the judiciary to contract with nonprofit organizations to provide legal assistance and legal counsel to immigrants in determining legal status and citizenship, provide diversion to existing services, and otherwise provide counsel for existing rights. Takes effect on 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Taxation.. Description: Changes income tax rates for taxable years beginning after 12/31/2020. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Management Of State Funds.. Description: Amends provisions relating to the short-term investment of state moneys, including the types of financial instruments in which state moneys may be invested. Requires annual report to the legislature. Effective 1/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Statewide Composting.. Description: Requires DOH to adopt rules to establish a classification system for composting facilities or operations for the purposes of regulating them for health purposes. Allows composting and co-composting in the agricultural district, including on lands with class A or B soils. Appropriates moneys to the Department of Health for a Program Specialist position in the Solid and Hazardous Waste Branch. Effective 7/1/2020. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Housing Assistance.. Description: Appropriates funds to the Hawaii Public Housing Authority for rent subsidy payments, which sums shall be added to the Authority's base budget, and additional staff. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Trauma-informed Education.. Description: Requires DOE to establish a threeyear pilot program for the development and implementation of a traumainformed education program in the Castle, Kailua, and Kalaheo complex areas, based on the NanakuliWaianae complex area traumainformed education programs and report to the legislature. Appropriates funds. Takes effect on 7/1/2055. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Energy.. Description: Requires the Hawaii State Energy Office, in consultation with DOH, to conduct a comprehensive study to determine the best practices for disposal and recycling of discarded clean energy products in the State. Requires an interim report and a final report to the legislature. Appropriates funds for study. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Human Services.. Description: Requires DHS to establish a neighbor islands blind and visually impaired service pilot program to provide services and training for blind and visually impaired neighbor island residents. Appropriates funds. Repeals on 6/30/2021. Takes effect on 12/31/2059. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Hawaii Civil Rights Commission.. Description: Clarifies the meaning of "program or activity receiving state financial assistance". Excludes cases within the scope of the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act from the jurisdiction of the Hawaii civil rights commission. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Hawai'i School For The Deaf And Blind.. Description: Creates a board of trustees for the Hawaii school for the deaf and blind to establish an independent governance structure for the school. Takes effect 7/1/2050. (HD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Division Of Boating And Ocean Recreation.. Description: Requires the auditor to conduct a performance and management audit of DLNR's division of boating and ocean recreation. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii enrolled a bill titled: Relating To Domestic Abuse.. Description: Amends the definition of "domestic abuse" under Hawaii's insurance laws and laws relating to domestic abuse protective orders to include coercive control between family or household members. Defines "coercive control". (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Athletics.. Description: Requires that DOE and athletic leagues and associations allow charter school students wishing to participate in a sport for which there is no program at the charter school in the service area where the student resides, to participate in a comparable DOE school sports program in the service area where the student resides or in an adjacent service area at no additional cost to the student. Specifies that charter school students be represented by the DOE school for athletic league or association business. Takes effect on 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Feminine Hygiene Products.. Description: Requires the DOE to make feminine hygiene products available to students for free on public secondary school campuses. Takes effect on 7/1/2050. (HD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Environment.. Description: Appropriates funds to the University of Hawaii water resources research center to research and develop specialized equipment for the removal of plastic marine debris. Takes effect on 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Affordable Housing.. Description: Requires the State Historic Preservation Division to contract its review of proposed state projects, projects on privately owned historic property, and projects affecting historic properties to third-party consultants if the projects involve the development of affordable housing and the division, after an initial evaluation, determines it will not be able to complete its review within 60 days. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Affordable Housing.. Description: Temporarily exempts affordable housing projects from specific state and county fees and exactions related to discretionary approval or ministerial permitting, except application fees; provided that the units are affordable for households with incomes at or below 100 per cent of the area median family income. Sunsets on 6/30/2026. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Affordable Housing.. Description: Provides that an exemption from the general excise tax established by section 201H-36, Hawaii Revised Statutes, that has been approved by the Hawaii housing finance and development corporation shall be provided once the qualified person or firm has filed or recorded the regulatory agreement in land court or the bureau of conveyances, whichever is appropriate. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Affordable Housing.. Description: Authorizes cash payments made by developers in lieu of providing the required reserved housing units in the development of residential projects for the Hawaii community development authority to be deposited into the rental housing revolving fund. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Critical Electrical Infrastructure.. Description: Establishes the offense of criminal trespass on critical electrical infrastructure. Takes effect on 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Dementia Training.. Description: Requires the employers of first responders to develop and provide dementia training to first responders. Effective 12/31/2059. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Youth Vaping Epidemic.. Description: Bans the sale of flavored tobacco products. Prohibits mislabeling of e-liquid products containing nicotine. Establishes fines and penalties for violations. Authorizes a court to impose, as a penalty on a person eighteen to twenty-one years of age who is convicted of possession of a tobacco product or electronic smoking device, the requirement to complete a tobacco education program, complete a tobacco use cessation program, or perform community service instead of paying a fine. Effective 9/1/2020. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Use Of Intoxicants While Operating A Vehicle.. Description: Imposes a fine of up to $1,000 for the operation of a vehicle with .05 or more but less than .08 grams of alcohol in breath or blood. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Capital District Buildings.. Description: Establishes a pilot project for the State to provide lease space for the establishment of child care facilities at any capital district building, except Honolulu Hale, with enrollment priority for children of state employees who work in the building at which the child care facility is located. Appropriates funds. Repeals 6/30/2030. Effective 12/31/2059. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Tourism.. Description: Requires the Hawaii tourism authority to collaborate with the department of accounting and general services to identify an appropriate location for and open a tourism information booth or center in the state capital district to promote tourism and tourist destinations in the capital district. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/2099. (HD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Housing.. Description: Directs the HHFDC to take title to a specified 15.418-acre parcel in Honokaa, Hawaii county, if HHFDC finds, after its due diligence, that the parcel is suitable for residential development. Requires HHFDC to document any change in title. Requires HHFDC to conduct a feasibility study to determine whether the parcel is suitable for residential development. Appropriates funds for the feasibility study. Takes effect on 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Self-help Housing.. Description: Establishes the self-help homeownership housing revolving fund to provide for loans and project-related technical assistance grants to nonprofit housing development organizations to support the development of affordable homeownership housing projects under a self-help housing program. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/2025. (HD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Emergency Workers.. Description: Amends the definition of "emergency worker" in the Penal Code to include communications dispatchers. Takes effect on 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Cargo Carriers.. Description: Authorizes the Public Utilities Commission to address any situation where the condition of a regulated water carrier of cargo may result in the disruption, reduction, or cessation of essential services. Amends the bases upon which the Public Utilities Commission may issue a certificate of public convenience and necessity to an applicant seeking authority to serve as a regulated water carrier. Authorizes the Department of Transportation to enter into contracts to provide subsidies to a regulated water carrier provided the carrier meets certain conditions. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Bullying.. Description: Requires all entities that provide educational or recreational activities to youth to establish, maintain, and enforce written policies and procedures on bullying, harassment, and retaliation, and provide staff with appropriate annual training, regardless of whether the entity receives any government funding. Takes effect on 7/1/2050. (HD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To State Parks.. Description: Appropriates funds to DLNR to purchase ocean safety and rescue equipment for state ocean safety officers at state parks. Takes effect 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Hawaii National Guard Retirement Benefits.. Description: Requires the board of trustees of the employees' retirement system to conduct a study to determine and provide retirement benefits for Hawaii national guard members who are activated under state active duty orders, and submit findings and recommendations to the legislature prior to the regular session of 2022. Appropriates funds. Takes effect on 1/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii enrolled a bill titled: Relating To The Office Of Planning.. Description: Establishes a statewide sustainability branch within the Office of Planning. Updates and reaffirms the role of the office to coordinate among state agencies regarding climate change adaptation and sustainability. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Capital Improvement Projects For The State Archives.. Description: Authorizes the issuance of general obligation bonds to finance plans for a state archives master plan. Appropriates funds. Takes effect on 1/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Hydrofluorocarbons.. Description: Establishes regulations on the use of hydrofluorocarbons in state law. Phases out hydrofluorocarbons in favor of alternatives with lower global warming potential. Establishes a preference for products that do not contain hydrofluorocarbons in the state procurement code. Directs the Hawaii State Energy Office and the Environmental Management Division of the Department of Health to study how to increase the use of refrigerants with low global warming potential, reduce the use of hydrofluorocarbons, and recommend how to fund, structure, and prioritize a state program that incentivizes or provides grants to support the elimination of legacy uses of hydrofluorocarbons. Appropriates funds for the study to be performed by the Hawaii State Energy Office. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Energy Resources.. Description: Amends the amount of budget appropriations for energy expenditures that agencies performing energy efficiency or renewable energy system retrofitting are entitled to receive. Repeals the required setting aside of a portion of moneys saved through the retrofitting. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Hawaii Health Systems Corporation.. Description: Adding two members as at-large appointments to the Hawaii Health Systems Corporation Corporate Board, for a total of nineteen members. Reduces the number of Maui members on the Board from three to two members. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The State Budget.. Description: Authorizes issuance of general obligation bonds. Authorizes issuance of instruments of indebtedness in an amount that may be necessary to finance any permitted purpose under the House Bill No. 2200, H.D. 1, S.D. 1 and section 13(3) of the Federal Reserve Act. Makes findings required by article VII, section 13, of the state constitution regarding the issuance of authorized bonds and the debt limit. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Health.. Description: Authorizes the Director of Health, upon consultation with and authorization from the Governor, to screen, test, and monitor travelers. Provides for penalties for noncompliance. Amends and adds definitions and procedural and administrative provisions in chapter 325, Hawaii Revised Statutes. Allocates funds appropriated to the Governor by Senate Bill No. 126, S.D. 1, H.D. 1, C.D. 1, to be used for health assurance and grants for hotels to conduct COVID-19 testing for employees. Establishes a travelers screening special fund. Allocates funds from the transient accommodations tax to the travelers screening special fund for a portion of fiscal year 2020-2021. Sunsets certain provisions on 6/30/2022.
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Vital Statistics.. Description: Requires the department of health to issue a certificate of stillbirth, upon request of the parent or parents named on a fetal death certificate issued in the case of a stillbirth. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Schools.. Description: Appropriates funds for the Department of Education to install air conditioning in public schools that prioritize the project. Takes effect on 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Charter Schools.. Description: Provides funding for the rental or lease of facilities through legislative appropriations and bond authorizations to the state public charter school commission for the design, planning, construction, repair, and maintenance of public charter school improvements. Appropriates general funds for infrastructure costs, lease or rent assistance, and repair and maintenance of network infrastructure for charter schools. Takes effect on 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Health.. Description: Requires DOH to establish a continuum of stabilization beds statewide by repurposing unused state facilities for short-term residential use by non-forensic patients with substance abuse or mental health conditions, and accessing and triaging the patients to a clinically appropriate level of care through the Hawaii coordinated access resources entry system. Appropriates funds. Takes effect on 12/31/2059. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Homelessness.. Description: Extends the emergency department homelessness assessment pilot program and medical respite pilot program to December 31, 2021. Appropriates funds. Effective December 31, 2059. (HD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Department Of Human Services.. Description: Appropriates funds for the operating budget of the department of human services for fiscal year 2020-2021. Takes effect on December 31, 2059. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Low-income Housing Tax Credit.. Description: Specifies that certain provisions of the Internal Revenue Code related to at-risk rules and deductions and passive activity loss do not apply to the state low-income housing tax credit allocations after 12/31/2019. Extends the time period in which to claim the low-income housing tax credit. Enables state partnerships to claim the tax credit even if the partnerships are not considered partners for federal tax purposes. Takes effect on approval. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The University Of Hawaii.. Description: Removes the $3 million cap on the amount the University of Hawaii system can expend from the University of Hawaii tuition and fees special fund for the University of Hawaii Foundation. Takes effect on 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Invasive Species.. Description: Appropriates funds to the Department of Agriculture for its efforts to mitigate and control two-lined spittlebug infestations in the State. Takes effect on 7/1/2020. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Making An Appropriation To The Office Of The Prosecuting Attorney For The County Of Hawaii.. Description: Appropriates funds for the career criminal prosecution unit of the office of the prosecuting attorney of the county of Hawaii. Takes effect on July 1, 2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Funding Of Grants Pursuant To Chapter 42f, Hawaii Revised Statutes.. Description: Appropriates operating and capital improvement grants for fiscal year 2020. Effective 7/1/2020.
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Helping Working Families.. Description: Makes the state earned income tax credit refundable and permanent. Increases and amends the refundable food/excise tax credit by basing the amount of the credit on a taxpayer's Hawaii earned income and federal adjusted gross income. Increases minimum wage rate to $11.00 per hour beginning on 1/1/2021, $12.00 per hour beginning on 1/1/2022, $12.50 per hour beginning on 1/1/2023, and $13.00 per hour beginning on 1/1/2024. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii enrolled a bill titled: Relating To Access To Learning.. Description: Requires parents or guardians of public school and charter school kindergarten students to disclose information on the student's prior child care program or prekindergarten attendance, if any, for the purpose of determining areas having the highest need for prekindergarten and child care programs. Requires assessment of public school and charter school kindergarten students. Removes public charter school prekindergarten programs from the administrative authority of the Executive Office on Early Learning. Establishes that the State Public Charter School Commission has administrative authority over all state-funded early learning programs in public charter schools. Establishes the preschool open doors special fund. Expands Preschool Open Doors Program eligibility from 4-year-old children to all children who are 3 to 4 years old who are in the 2 years prior to kindergarten entry. Requires annual reporting regarding the revenues and expenditures of the early learning special fund. Establishes a program for Department of Human Services to award grants for preschools. Authorizes positions for the Preschool Open Doors Program. Appropriates funds for Department of Human Services to expand its information technology system for the purpose of managing information on prekindergarten attendance and child care need and to contract for and operate preschool and child care programs. Establishes the goal of providing all children who are 3 to 4 years old who are in the 2 years prior to kindergarten entry with enrollment in a preschool program by the year 2030. Appropriates funds to the University of Hawaii for building classrooms for Hawaiian language immersion pre-kindergarten programs. Appropriates funds for building early learning services classrooms on public library property. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Housing.. Description: Consolidates the administration of low- and moderate-income housing into a single program by authorizing the Hawaii Housing Finance and Development Corporation to administer new reserved housing and workforce housing units in community development districts. Provides that the Hawaii Housing Finance and Development Corporation may adopt rules to allow owners to obtain home equity lines of credit, refinance their units, or pay their shared equity. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Constitutional Amendments.. Description: Requires the language and meaning of any proposed constitutional amendment and ratification question to be as simple, concise, and direct as possible considering the complexity of the subject matter. Allows the presiding officers of the Legislature to request a written opinion of the Supreme Court regarding the legality of a proposed amendment to the Hawaii State Constitution and the corresponding constitutional ratification question. Requires the court to provide a written opinion within 14 days of receipt of the request. Prohibits any appeal of a written opinion. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Family Court.. Description: Makes decisions of the family court appealable to the supreme court instead of the intermediate court of appeals. Requires the supreme court to render a final decision on appeals from family court orders within 180 days. Encourages a reduction in the number of remands to the family court. Takes effect on 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Intoxicating Liquor.. Description: Exempts applications for a class 1 license on land designated as agricultural by state or county zoning laws and for which the majority of the agricultural products used in the manufacturing of the liquor are grown and produced in the State by the license holder from the automatic refusal provision that may be invoked by a majority of nearby voters or real estate owners. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Vehicles.. Description: Authorizes the withholding and revocation of vehicle registrations and driver's licenses for those who abandon a vehicle under specified conditions. Authorizes the assessment and collection of charges relating to abandoned and derelict vehicles. Takes effect on 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Common Interest Communities.. Description: Specifies the manner in which a member of a board of a planned community association or condominium association may resign. Limits a planned community association board's ability to fill a vacancy. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Planned Community Associations.. Description: Establishes requirements for cumulative voting and the removal of directors of planned community associations. Exempts planned community associations from certain requirements regarding cumulative voting for and the removal of directors under the Hawaii Nonprofit Corporations Act. Takes effect on 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Pesticides.. Description: Establishes the Pesticide Disposal Collection Program within the Department of Agriculture to provide a one-time, affordable, and environmentally accessible means for the disposal of restricted and nonrestricted use pesticides from a bona fide agricultural entity. Convenes a Pesticide Disposal Collection Program Steering Committee to guide and monitor the program. Increases fines for pesticide use violations. Appropriates funds. Effective 9/1/2020. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Theft.. Description: Amends the offense of theft in the second degree to include theft of property commonly used to store items of personal or monetary value, including any purse, handbag, or wallet. Requires property owners to hold illegally parked bicycles found on their property for seven days. Provides that for the first offense of theft of a bicycle, a person shall be guilty of a misdemeanor, and, for the second and each subsequent offense, shall be guilty of a class C felony. Takes effect on 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Privacy.. Description: Modernizes "personal information" for the purposes of security breach of personal information law. Prohibits the sale of contact tracing information without consent. Amends provisions relating to electronic eavesdropping law. Prohibits certain manipulated images of individuals. Effective 9/1/2020. Sunsets 9/1/2025. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Sex Trafficking.. Description: Includes coercion as a means of committing the offense of sex trafficking. Removes the criminal statute of limitations for sex trafficking. Specifies that sex trafficking of a minor is a strict liability offense. Repeals the offense of solicitation of a minor for prostitution. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Public Lands.. Description: Authorizes the designation of areas or regions of public lands classified as commercial, industrial, resort and hotel, and the establishment and implementation of guidelines for the redevelopment of the areas or regions. Designates the public lands on the Waiakea peninsula on the island of Hawaii as the Waiakea Peninsula Redevelopment District. Allows the Board of Land and Natural Resources to issue a rent reduction or waiver for certain lessees' expenses for demolition or provision of basic infrastructure. Authorizes a local redevelopment agency to contract with a developer for construction of non-residential projects on public land within a redevelopment area. Exempts the costs of construction of work or improvements of a redevelopment project from general excise and use taxes. Takes effect upon the County of Hawaii repealing the Banyan Drive Hawaii redevelopment agency. Makes an appropriation. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Hawaiian Homes Commission Act.. Description: Prohibits lessees who sell or transfer land from obtaining subsequent leases of the same class of land unless the subsequent lease is acquired pursuant to section 209 of the Hawaiian Homes Commission Act, 1920, as amended, or the prior lease interest held by the lessee was a partial interest held with another lessee or lessees. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii enrolled a bill titled: Relating To Autonomous Vehicles.. Description: Establishes within DOT an autonomous vehicles testing pilot program. Requires report to the legislature. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Marine Resources.. Description: Appropriates funds to provide DLNR with necessary resources associated with the marine 30x30 initiative, including funds for team and staff travel, strategic communication and outreach, professional facilitation, and management plan development. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Blockchain Technology.. Description: Requires ETS to establish a blockchain working group to determine a recommended definition for blockchain technology and recommendations for individuals, businesses, and state agencies to use blockchain technology and report to the legislature. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Abandoned And Derelict Vehicles.. Description: Establishes the abandoned and derelict vehicles task force to make recommendations to ensure the proper identification and disposal of abandoned and derelict vehicles left on the State's highways. Appropriates moneys. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Observances.. Description: Requires the Legislative Reference Bureau to compile a report of the months and days of the year that have been designated by both chambers of the Legislature as a holiday or a period of recognition or observance within the State. Effective 10/19/2036. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Education.. Description: Requires the department of education to establish a pilot program that provides grants for high school students enrolled in a career and technical education or career academy program to enroll in college courses through the running start program or other similar programs that allow students to earn college credits that are applicable to the requirements for a career discipline of high need, including teaching and renewable energy and related industries. Appropriates funds for the pilot program. Expands the eligibility criteria for the Hawaii Educator Loan Program to include students who have graduated from a career academy; provided that the loan recipient agrees to teach for three years at a public school in the State. Appropriates funds into and out of the Hawaii educator loan program revolving fund. Requires reports to legislature. Takes effect on 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Concessions.. Description: Provides state and county governments more flexibility and discretion to address substantial hardship situations that impact concession contracts. Effective 1/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Public Order.. Description: Establishes the offense of urinating or defecating in a public place within business districts. Takes effect on 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Domestic Violence.. Description: Allows a narrow hearsay exception for non-testimonial statements made by domestic violence victims to certain government officials within 24 hours of an incident of domestic violence and prior to the arrest of the defendant, as long as the statement bears sufficient indicia of reliability. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To A Bank Of The State Of Hawaii.. Description: Directs the Department of Commerce and Consumer Affairs to conduct a comprehensive review of relevant state laws to develop legislation to establish a state-operated bank of the State of Hawaii. Appropriates funds to conduct the review. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Social Services.. Description: Amends the monthly needs allowance for individuals residing in foster homes, care homes, domiciliary homes, and other long-term care facilities. Amends the state supplemental payment ceiling for domiciliary care paid to recipients who are eligible for federal supplementary security income or public assistance, or both. Takes effect on 12/31/2059. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Environmental Impact Statements.. Description: Requires the Office of Environmental Quality Control to establish, implement, and maintain an interactive website available to the public at no cost that provides certain information and notifications regarding environmental assessment and environmental impact statement actions. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/2020. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Taxation.. Description: Provides that Chapter 1, Subchapter Z (with respect to opportunity zones), of the Internal Revenue Code shall not be operative for the purposes of state income tax law. Takes effect on 7/1/2112. Applies to tax years beginning after 12/31/2022. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Transition Of The Oahu Regional Health Care System From The Hawaii Health Systems Corporation Into The Department Of Health.. Description: Commence the transfer of the Oahu regional health care system in its entirety from the Hawaii health systems corporation to the department of health, beginning with the transfer of the Oahu regional health care system's budget and position count into the department of health. Enable the Oahu regional health care system, department of health, Hawaii health systems corporation, and other state agencies to manage and implement the processes required to effectuate the completion of such transition. Takes effect on 7/1/2050. Part II takes effect on 1/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Cannabis For Medical Use.. Description: Authorizes medical cannabis dispensaries to distribute cannabis propagules and cuttings to individuals authorized to cultivate cannabis plants for medical use, subject to quantity limits and quality requirements. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The State Plan.. Description: Establishes green infrastructure objectives and policies for state facility systems in the Hawaii State Planning Act to improve the quality of life for residents and visitors. Adds definition of "green infrastructure". Requires the office of planning, in partnership with the greenhouse gas sequestration task force, to submit a report to the legislature making recommendations for implementing the green infrastructure objectives, policies, and priority guidelines established by this measure. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Access To Justice.. Description: Establishes the Hawaii justice league program to provide partial loan repayments on behalf of eligible lawyers that pursue public interest work in Hawaii. Provides for loan repayments by the University of Hawaii William S. Richardson School of Law. Establishes the Hawaii justice league revolving fund. Makes an appropriation. Takes effect 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To A Coal-free Hawaii.. Description: Prohibits the issuance or renewal of covered source air permits for coal-burning electricity generation facilities after 12/31/2022. Prohibits the approval of a new, modified, or renewed power purchase agreement for electricity generated from coal after 6/30/2020. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD3)
In 2020, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Making Appropriations To Provide For The Expenses Of The Legislature, The Auditor, The Legislative Reference Bureau, The Ombudsman, And The Ethics Commission.. Description: Appropriates funds to provide for the expenses of the Legislature, Auditor, Legislative Reference Bureau, Ombudsman, and Ethics Commission. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Motor Vehicle Registration.. Description: Provides that any authorization by a county director of finance for an electronic method of motor vehicle registration, including the acceptance of any supplemental documents in electronic form, shall extend to all types of motor vehicles, intermodal equipment, and trailers. Takes effect on 1/1/2021. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Judiciary.. Description: Requires an appellate court to conduct a hearing when a conflict of interest pertaining to a judge or justice is alleged by motion of a party to any suit, action, or proceeding of the appellate court. Takes effect on 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Government Employees.. Description: Requires forfeiture of a state or county officer's or employee's compensation and fringe benefits upon a felony conviction. Takes effect on 1/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Penalties.. Description: Requires the Judiciary to conduct a study regarding income-based fines and how other states address habitual offenders who have low incomes. Takes effect on 1/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Mental Health.. Description: Amends the definition of "dangerous to self". Defines the terms "gravely disabled" and "psychiatric deterioration". Broadens the term of "imminently dangerous to self and others" to persons who will likely be dangerous within the next ninety days, rather than within the next forty-five days. Increases the maximum period of emergency hospitalization from forty-eight hours to seventy-two hours. Effective 12/31/2059. (HD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Energy.. Description: Authorizes the issuance of revenue bonds pursuant to part III of chapter 39, HRS, and appropriates funds to the Hawaii Technology Development Corporation for the purpose of constructing one Oahu and one neighbor island electrolysis hydrogen production, storage, and dispensing facility to be managed by the Hawaii Center for Advanced Transportation Technologies. Takes effect on 7/1/2112. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Workforce Development.. Description: Establishes the agricultural technology transfer and workforce development program and provides for a coordinator position to provide support for secondary agricultural education and Future Farmers of America programs. Appropriates funds. Effective 1/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Downpayment Loan Loss Reserve Program.. Description: Establishes a downpayment loan loss reserve program to address downpayment loan defaults under the Hawaii Housing Finance and Development Corporation's downpayment loan assistance program. Establishes one downpayment loan loss reserve administrator position. Appropriates funds for the program and administrator position. Takes effect 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Community Care Foster Family Homes.. Description: Broadens the requirements under administrative rules for primary and substitute caregivers caring for three clients in community care foster family homes to allow for primary caregivers to be absent from the community care foster family home if a substitute caregiver is present. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Education.. Description: Establishes a no time to lose commission to examine how the State's public schools can be internationally competitive. Appropriates funds. Takes effect on 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Environment.. Description: Establishes clean ground transportation goals for state agencies on a staggered basis until achieving a 100 per cent light-duty motor vehicle clean fleet by 12/31/2035. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Environment.. Description: Requires agencies allotted a portion of the environmental response, energy, and food security tax to consider actions in achieving the zero emissions clean economy target and climate change resilience. Requires these agencies to report on how expenditures from these special funds support achieving the zero emissions clean economy target and climate change resilience. Effective 7/1/2020. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Preventing School Violence.. Description: Establishes a pilot program to prevent targeted school violence. Appropriates funds to the office of homeland security to prevent targeted school violence. Takes effect on 7/1/2055. Repeals on 6/30/2024. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Mental Health.. Description: Establishes the behavioral health social worker scholarship program at UH, which requires recipients of the scholarship to commit to five years of service with DHS, DOH, PSD, Judiciary, or contracted service providers. Appropriates funds. Takes effect on December 31, 2059. (HD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Taxation.. Description: Requires the department of taxation to authorize qualifying individual taxpayers to elect to reduce the amount of tax withheld from their wages for each withholding period, by an amount equal to the prospective amount of the earned income tax credit that the taxpayer would otherwise be entitled to claim on an annual basis. Takes effect on 1/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Uniform Probate Code.. Description: Requires a personal representative of a decedent appointed under the Uniform Probate Code to notify the police department of the appropriate county of any and all firearms in an estate. Requires the police department to certify that all registered firearms in an estate and other firearms of which the police department has been notified are properly transferred or disposed of before the estate may close. Takes effect 12/1/2020. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Research And Technology Grants.. Description: Establishes the research and technology grant program within the Hawaii technology development corporation to provide grants to qualified research and technology companies in Hawaii for eligible projects. Establishes program guidelines and eligibility criteria for research and technology companies. Requires eligible projects to foster science, technology, engineering, or mathematics education at the K-12 or university levels. Appropriates funds to the program. Takes effect on 7/1/2112. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Taxation.. Description: Establishes the ocean sciences research tax credit. Effective for tax years beginning after January 1, 2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Alternative Energy Research And Development Fund.. Description: Extends the alternative energy research and development revolving fund lapse date from 6/30/2020 to 6/30/2021. Appropriates funds for the provision of grants by the Hawaii technology development corporation. Takes effect on 7/1/2112. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Climate Change Mitigation And Adaptation.. Description: Establishes and appropriates funds for a climate change and human health adaptation coordinator within the department of health and related operating expenses. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Electric Vehicles.. Description: Authorizes each county to adopt ordinances to enforce section 291-71, Hawaii Revised Statutes, including through the establishment of penalties for failure to comply with its requirements or make reasonable efforts to maintain electric vehicle charging stations in working order. Clarifies that certain enforcement officers may enter private property to enforce electric vehicle parking space violations. Takes effect on 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Capital Improvement Projects.. Description: Appropriates funds for supplemental capital improvement projects for fiscal biennium 20192021.
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Intoxicating Liquor.. Description: Includes certain spirits-based beverages in the definition of cooler beverage. Establishes a separate tax rate for qualified small brewers. Takes effect on 7/1/2112. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Firearms Ammunition.. Description: Requires the licensing of sellers of ammunition, and for the identification and proper permitting of purchasers or possessors of ammunition. Regulates ammunition in the same manner that firearms are regulated. Takes effect on 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Fireworks.. Description: Increases the fireworks display permit fee from $110 to $150 and the fine for certain fireworks violations from $2,000 per violation to $5,000 per violation. Clarifies that each aerial device, display firework, or article pyrotechnic having a total weight of 25 pounds or less that is illegally imported, transferred, or sold constitutes a separate violation. Increases the penalty for removing or extracting the pyrotechnic contents. Takes effect on 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Campaign Finance.. Description: Prohibits foreign nationals and foreign corporations from making independent expenditures. Requires every corporation that contributes or expends funds in a state election to file a statement of certification regarding its limited foreign influence. Requires noncandidate committees making only independent expenditures to obtain a statement of certification from each top contributor required to be listed in an advertisement. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Ka Iwi Coast.. Description: Transfers lands to DLNR and establishes that land and adjacent, state-owned land as the Ka Iwi coast state park. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Public Schools.. Description: Requires the department of education to establish food waste and local-sourcing goals as part of the sustainable schools initiative. Takes effect 7/1/2050. (HD2)
In 2020, Hawaii enrolled a bill titled: Relating To Gun Violence Prevention.. Description: Establishes the gun violence and violent crimes commission. Requires reports to the Legislature. Makes it a class C felony to purchase, manufacture, or otherwise obtain firearm parts for the purpose of assembling a firearm having no serial number. Amends certain requirements relating to firearms registration. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii enrolled a bill titled: Proposing An Amendment To Article Xvi, Section 2, Of The Hawaii State Constitution, To Authorize The Legislature To Require The Forfeiture Or Reduction Of Pension Benefits Of A Member, Former Member, Or Retirant Of The Employees' Retirement System Who Is Convicted Of A Felony Related To The Member's, Former Member's, Or Retirant's Employment With The State Or Any Political Subdivision Thereof.. Description: Proposes a constitutional amendment to article XVI, section 2, of the state constitution to authorize the legislature to enact laws to require the forfeiture or reduction of benefits of any member, former member, or retirant of the employees' retirement system who is convicted of a felony related to the member's, former member's, or retirant's employment with the State or any political subdivision thereof. Effective 7/1/2030. (HD3)
In 2020, Hawaii enrolled a bill titled: Relating To Monetary Obligations.. Description: Prohibits the imposition of restrictions on a person's ability to obtain or renew a driver's license or to register, renew the registration of, or transfer or receive title to a motor vehicle, as a consequence of unpaid monetary obligations under certain circumstances. Allows certain individuals to petition the court for a driver's license or motor vehicle clearance. Applies to monetary assessments incurred on or after November 1, 2020. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Financial Hardship.. Description: Expands the conditions for authorizing a restricted driver's license. Provides judges with greater discretion to adjust the amount owed by a person who violates certain traffic offenses based on the person's inability to pay. Decreases the imprisonment term to contumacious nonpayment ratio. Increases the amount of credit given to a person committed for contumacious nonpayment. Provides Hawaii residents with the option of paying for the registration of their motor vehicles and associated taxes and fees on a biannual basis. Restricts the amount of delinquency tax due to the current tax due plus one year. Removes language allowing storage costs and costs incident to seizure of a vehicle from inclusion in the amount the owner of a vehicle must pay in order to redeem the vehicle after seizure. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Workforce Development.. Description: Establishes the state YouthBuild Program to assist non-profit and public entities in applying and qualifying for federal YouthBuild Program grants. Authorizes DLIR to award grants to eligible non-profit or public entities to meet the matching funds requirement for federal YouthBuild grant awards. Appropriates funds. Effective 1/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Housing.. Description: Establishes the ALOHA homes program under the Hawaii Housing Finance and Development Corporation (HHFDC) to facilitate the development of low-cost homes for sale to Hawaii residents on state-owned and county-owned land near rail stations of the Honolulu rail transit system, to be known as the urban redevelopment district. Establishes guidelines within the urban redevelopment district and provisions related to the sale of leasehold interest of ALOHA homes. Exempts lands to which HHFDC holds title and land set aside or leased to HHFDC from the definition of public lands in section 1712, HRS, except for purposes of accounting for receipts from ceded lands. Establishes and appropriates funds into and out of the ALOHA homes revolving fund. Authorizes HHFDC to sell the leasehold interest in residential condominium units located on state lands for lease terms of 99 years. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Criminal Defense.. Description: Establishes a post-conviction relief task force to review and propose potential updates to Hawaii's laws and court rules regarding post-conviction relief. (SB2 HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii enrolled a bill titled: Proposing An Amendment To The Hawaii State Constitution To Amend The Qualifying Age Of Voters For Any State Or Local Election.. Description: Proposes a constitutional amendment to lower the qualifying age of voters for any state or local election to 16 years of age. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Polystyrene Foam Containers.. Description: Prohibits restaurants from serving prepared foods using polystyrene foam containers statewide. Authorizes the Department of Health to adopt rules. Takes effect on December 31, 2020. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Teacher Housing.. Description: Authorizes the Department of Education to develop and implement a housing voucher program for full-time teachers employed at a hard-to-fill public school, including a public charter school. (SB12 HD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Making An Appropriation To The Hawaii Public Housing Authority.. Description: Appropriates funds for operating expenses of various Hawaii Public Housing Authority programs. (SB17 HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Health.. Description: Amends the definition of "preceptor" and "volunteer-based supervised clinical training rotation" to improve accessibility for providers to receive income tax credits for acting as preceptors. Include the director of health on the preceptor credit assurance committee. Amends the criteria for certificate of need review to including the relationship to the existing health care system of the area. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Education.. Description: Appropriates funds to establish a pilot safe space program for alternative learning center program students in the department of education. Effective 7/1/2051. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Environment.. Description: Appropriates funds to continue small boat harbor saturation enforcement operation pilot testing within the Ala Wai and Keehi small boat harbors and develop effective enforcement for the State's small boat harbors, including the hiring of positions. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Appropriations.. Description: Appropriates funds designated for the State by the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (CARES Act) to the counties of Hawaii, Maui, and Kauai; the departments of Defense, Labor and Industrial Relations, and Human Services; and the Office of the Governor for the public health response to the coronavirus disease 2019, or COVID-19, outbreak. Transfers remaining CARES Act funding to the emergency and budget reserve fund. Authorizes the issuance of instruments of indebtedness for the purpose of municipal liquidity facility under section 13(3) of the Federal Reserve Act. Appropriates funds designated for the State by the Paycheck Protection Program and Health Care Enhancement Act to the departments of Transportation and Health for testing, contact tracing, thermal screening, and other efforts. Effective 5/1/2020; provided that the authorization for the issuance of instruments of indebtedness is effective 7/1/2020. (SB75 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Taxation.. Description: Establishes a non-refundable tax credit for the purchase of a personal emergency response system, under certain conditions. Applies to taxable years beginning after 12/31/2019. Effective 7/1/2050. (SB76 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Capital Improvement Projects.. Description: Authorizes the Department of Budget and Finance to enter into a financing agreement in an amount not to exceed $125,000,000 to fund the local match for the Ala Wai Flood Risk Management Project. Appropriates funds for fiscal biennium 2019-2021 for the Ala Wai Flood Risk Management Project. (SB77 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Department Of Education.. Description: Appropriates funds for operating expenses of the Department of Education. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Elections.. Description: Requires candidates for president and vice president of the United States to post their most recent income tax return on the Internet at least sixty days prior to and continuing through the date of the general election for free access by the public in order to be included on the state ballot, subject to certain conditions. Prohibits electors from voting for a candidate for president or vice president of the United States unless the candidates have posted their most recent income tax return on the Internet at least sixty days prior to and continuing through the date of the general election for free access by the public, subject to certain conditions. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Elections.. Description: Requires the office of elections to join the Electronic Registration Information Center and share information with counties to encourage voter participation and ensure integrity of voter registration rolls. Authorizes election officials to have electronic access to driver's license and state identification databases for election related purposes. Appropriates moneys. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Traffic Code.. Description: Increases the penalties for those who violate the pedestrians' right-of-way in crosswalks.
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Jury Duty.. Description: Clarifies that jurors are entitled to reimbursement for reasonable transportation costs to and from the court. Includes rail fare, bicycle rental, or taxi costs or other hired car service up to a specified maximum amount. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Teacher Housing.. Description: Establishes the teacher home assistance program to be administered by the Hawaii Housing Finance and Development Corporation to provide housing vouchers to full-time teachers employed by the Department of Education, including teachers at public charter schools, who teach at a hard-to-fill school, as determined by the Department of Education, and whose household income does not exceed 80% of the area median income. Appropriates funds. (SB114 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Rental Discrimination.. Description: Prohibits discrimination, including in advertisements for available real property, based on participation in a housing assistance program, or requirements related to participation in housing assistance programs, in real estate transactions and requirements. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The State Budget.. Description: Amends the Supplemental Appropriations Act of 2020, Supplemental Improvements Act of 2020, Judiciary Supplemental Appropriations Act of 2020, and other measures affecting the fiscal biennium beginning 7/1/2019, and ending 6/30/2021. Appropriates funds designated for the State by the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (CARES Act) to: provide assistance to renters and homeowners; purchase and distribute personal protective equipment to hospitals, childcare facilities, elderly care facilities, businesses, non-profits, and schools; improve airport screening and health assurance security initiatives; support retraining and workforce development programs; provide grants to support the development of a supply chain for cleaning supplies and personal protective equipment; provide food assistance to families in need; support the commercial fishing industry; support public high school seniors who were adversely affected by school closures; and provide additional weekly unemployment benefits to eligible recipients; and other eligible programs as determined by the Governor. Transfers funds from the emergency and budget reserve fund into the general fund. Provides the Governor the option of using funds available in the Hawaii hurricane relief fund. (SB126 CD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Civil Legal Services.. Description: Appropriates funds for the judiciary to purchase civil legal services for low-income and moderate-income persons. (SB130 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Disclosure Of Attorney-client And Attorney Work-product Privileged Communications To The Ombudsman.. Description: Specifies that disclosure of communications by an agency to the ombudsman does not waive any existing attorney-client or attorney work-product privilege pertaining to those communications. Prohibits the ombudsman from disclosing privileged communications to others.
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The State Fire Council.. Description: Authorizes the State Fire Council to use moneys in the reduced ignition propensity cigarette program special fund to support the duties and responsibilities of the state fire council. Specifies the testing procedures of the reduced ignition propensity cigarette program. Provides that a manufacturer of cigarettes that fail certain testing may be subject to civil penalties. Takes effect 6/18/2050. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The State Fire Council.. Description: Authorizes the state fire council to employ additional staff, contract with any county fire department to fulfill staff positions, and purchase office equipment and supplies. Repeals the requirement that the state fire council administrator and other staff be employed on a full-time basis. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Fireworks Labeling.. Description: Corrects labeling dimension with regard to fireworks used for display.
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Taxation.. Description: Provides to a taxpayer who hires an individual with a disability a nonrefundable tax credit for the 12-month period after the individual is initially hired by the taxpayer. Applies to taxable years beginning after 12/31/2019. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Arrangement Of Candidate Names On Ballots.. Description: Requires candidate names to be randomized on individual ballots. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Education.. Description: Creates a county education task force to establish a process for the transfer of jurisdiction over all public schools, including all state public education functions and funding, from the State to the county in which the public school is located. Requires report to legislature prior to the convening of the Regular Session of 2021. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To District Court Judges.. Description: Establishes additional district court judgeships in the First Circuit and in the Second Circuit. Appropriates funds. (SB187 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Designating Substitute Judges On The Intermediate Court Of Appeals.. Description: Authorizes the Chief Justice to designate circuit court judges, retired intermediate appellate judges, or retired supreme court justices to temporarily fill a vacancy on the Intermediate Court of Appeals. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Strengthening The Foundation For Ensuring A Fair And Just Payment Amount For The Office Of Hawaiian Affairs' Pro Rata Share Of The Public Land Trust.. Description: Requires the Department of Budget and Finance to use certain reporting and accountability procedures in implementing the public land trust reporting requirements of Act 178, Session Laws of Hawaii 2006. Requires the Department of Budget and Finance to consult with the Office of Hawaiian Affairs to ensure that the accounting and reporting is accurate and inclusive. Establishes and requires the Department of Budget and Finance to request funding every fiscal year for a specific budget line item for a public land trust reporting and accountability officer position. Takes effect 12/31/2050. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Composition Of The State Council On Mental Health.. Description: Requires the State Council on Mental Health to comprise at least 3 members with demonstrated knowledge of or work experience involving Native Hawaiian concepts of well-being, culturally grounded mental health methodologies, or traditional healing or health practices.
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Transient Accommodations Tax.. Description: Authorizes counties to levy a county surcharge on transient accommodations tax in their respective counties pursuant to certain conditions. Sunsets on 12/31/2036. (SD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Enterprise Technology Services.. Description: Requires the Chief Information Officer, in conjunction with the Information Technology Steering Committee, to review, refresh, and submit the State Information Technology Strategic Plan to the Governor and Legislature on 2021 and every four years thereafter. (SB219 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Cesspools.. Description: Authorizes the Department of Health to coordinate with each county wastewater agency to establish a low interest loan program to upgrade or convert cesspools to septic systems or aerobic treatment unit systems, or to connect cesspools to existing sewer systems or other wastewater treatment systems approved by the department. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Irrigation.. Description: Transfers operational authority over portions of the East Kauai Irrigation System operated and maintained by the East Kauai Water Users' Cooperative as of July 1, 2019, to the Department of Agriculture. Provides a conditional extension to acquire required permits. Establishes staffing positions. Authorizes general obligation bonds for a statewide irrigation system capital improvement project. Appropriates funds. (SB223 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Suicide Prevention.. Description: Appropriates moneys for youth suicide early intervention, prevention, and education initiatives in Kauai, Hawaii, and Maui counties. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Immigration.. Description: Makes an appropriation to the Judiciary to contract with nonprofit organizations to provide legal assistance and legal counsel to immigrants in determining legal status and citizenship, provide diversion to existing services, and otherwise provide counsel for existing rights. (SB227 HD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Youth Commission.. Description: Establishes that the youth commission administrator shall administer the youth commission. Makes an appropriation to fund one full-time equivalent (1.0 FTE) permanent youth commission administrator position. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Department Of Health.. Description: Appropriates funds for operating expenses for the Department of Health (HTH840). Appropriates funds for the hiring of new sanitarian positions for food safety inspections (HTH610/FQ). (SB235 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii enrolled a bill titled: Relating To Health.. Description: Establishes a task force to review policy issues and opportunities relating to the navigation, access, and coverage of medicaid services by individuals with autism or fetal alcohol spectrum disorder and make a recommendation on whether a waiver or other approval from the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services is necessary to ensure accessibility of certain services for individuals with autism or fetal alcohol spectrum disorder. (CD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Making An Appropriation To The University Of Hawaii.. Description: Appropriates funds for each year of fiscal biennium 2019-2021 to be expended by the University of Hawaii to support student mentors and tutors at community colleges. (SB317 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Sports Medicine.. Description: Provides a limited exemption from state licensure requirements to out-of-state physicians who accompany a sports team to a specific sporting event in Hawaii or are invited to provide services at a national sport training center, event, or competition in Hawaii, if certain conditions are met. Requires out-of-state physicians to provide notice to the Hawaii medical board. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Broadband Service.. Description: Codifies the substantive provisions of Executive Order No. 1802, which requires all state agencies to: contract internet-related services only with internet service providers that demonstrate and contractually agree to support and practice net neutrality principles where all internet traffic is treated equally; and add contract language and provisions to state procurement requirements that suppliers of telecommunications, internet, broadband, and data communication services shall abide by net neutrality principles. Defines "net neutrality principles". Requires DCCA director to monitor net neutrality including broadband and internet access services. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To International Yoga Day.. Description: Designates June 21 of each year as International Yoga Day. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Condominiums.. Description: Enables condominium associations to adopt rules and regulations that prohibit smoking by all persons inside a condominium unit and on lanais and in the entire condominium project. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Department Of Public Safety.. Description: Appropriates funds and authorizes staff positions for the Women's Community Correctional Center Hookipa Makai Cottage. Appropriates funds for additional housing and transportation costs of certain inmates sent to Saguaro Correctional Center in Arizona. Relates to the Department of Public Safety budget and appropriates funds for adult corrections officers. (SB276 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Making An Appropriation To The University Of Hawaii At Hilo.. Description: Appropriates funds for custodial and maintenance staff at the University of Hawaii at Hilo.
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Department Of Land And Natural Resources.. Description: Appropriates funds for the Department of Land and Natural Resources priority projects, including the industrial and business park at Pulehunui, East Kapolei/University of Hawaii, west Oahu campus transit station development, and the Hawaii district land office. (SB277 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Gardens.. Description: Authorizes the Department of Education to develop programs to encourage the development of gardens on school property. Authorizes the Hawaii Community Development Authority to develop programs that provide incentives to establish gardens in housing projects, communities, and schools. (SB303 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Speech Pathology.. Description: Establishes a provisional license for speech pathologists. (SB307 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Family Leave.. Description: Extends the deadline for the Legislative Reference Bureau to submit the sunrise analysis required by Act 109, Session Laws of Hawaii 2018, from 9/1/2019, to 12/2/2019. (SD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Making An Appropriation To The University Of Hawaii.. Description: Makes an appropriation for 2 full-time equivalent positions for the wayfinding education program  Imiloa Astronomy Center. (SB313 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Making An Appropriation To The University Of Hawaii.. Description: Appropriates funds to UH to increase graduate assistant stipends. (SB315 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Private Roads.. Description: Requires the Attorney General to condemn certain private roads on the island of Oahu. Makes an appropriation. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Movie Theaters.. Description: Makes permanent the requirement that certain motion picture theater owners and operators provide open movie captioning during at least two showings per week, including at least one showing on a Saturday or Sunday. Repeals the requirement that certain motion picture theater owners and operators provide the option of personal closed captioning screenings by means of lightweight eyewear. (SB331 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Assistance Animals.. Description: Codifies the administrative rule definition of "assistance animal". Clarifies the type of verification an individual may provide to substantiate a reasonable accommodation request for a specific assistance animal. Specifies that possession of a vest or other distinguishing animal garment, tag, or registration document commonly purchased online and purporting to identify an animal as a service animal or assistance animal does not constitute valid verification of a disability-related need for an assistance animal. (SD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Legislature.. Description: Establishes a Remote Legislative Access Program to allow for the submission of testimony remotely. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Related To The Practice Of Behavior Analysis.. Description: Clarifies exemptions from licensure as a behavioral analyst for general education teachers, direct support workers, special education teachers, and teacher trainees working in collaboration with or under the supervision of licensed professionals. Requires the DOE to seek approval by the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services to amend the Hawaii Medicaid State Plan to provide reimbursement for applied behavior analysis services. (SB341 HD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Disaster Preparedness.. Description: Prohibits the planting of large trees along evacuation routes and requires the Hawaii Emergency Management Agency to identify large trees along evacuation routes and trim, spray, or remove large trees if the trees have the potential to obstruct the evacuation route. Defines evacuation route. Appropriates funds. Takes effect 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Tourism.. Description: Establishes a professional tour guide certification task force to determine whether it is appropriate to require persons who use various state resources for commercial purposes or apply for various commercial use permits to hold and maintain certification or meet certain minimum requirements, recommend existing certificates or certification programs that may be appropriate, and make recommendations and plans regarding any necessary certifications and certification renewals. (SD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Economic Development.. Description: Changes the annual $35,000,000 rolling cap and $15,000,000 per qualified production cap for the Motion Picture, Digital Media, and Film Production Income Tax Credit. Authorizes an additional percentage of the Tax Credit for certain qualified post-production costs. Extends the Tax Credit's repeal date. (SB365 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Environmental Protection.. Description: Prohibits sale of polystyrene foam food service containers and the sale or service of food using polystyrene containers statewide. Authorizes the Department of Health to adopt rules for implementation including for enforcement, exemptions, and consumer education. (SB367 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Schools.. Description: Establishes a Workforce Readiness Program within the Department of Education to allow students to graduate from an extended high school enrollment with an industry-recognized associate's degree to complement the student's high school diploma. Appropriates moneys to develop and implement the program, including (2.0) FTE Educational Specialist II staff positions and (7.0) FTE District Office Teachers. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Education.. Description: Establishes a K-12 Curriculum-to-Career-Pipeline Initiative to enable students to pursue training and education throughout their time at a school complex so that upon graduation they are prepared to enter the State's workforce. Appropriates funds. (SB373 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Education.. Description: Requires a public school that has a career and technical education program to review all geographic exceptions applications and make a determination whether to allow students to enroll in career and technical education programs in schools outside the Department of Education service area in which the student resides. (SB376 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Land Exchange.. Description: Allows the governor to negotiate land exchanges to acquire lands that are suitable for long-term diversified agricultural production in return for state lands to be developed for housing. Requires a report to the legislature. Takes effect 12/31/2050. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Taxation.. Description: Amends the formula for the amount of transient accommodations tax to be collected from time shares by increasing the base on which time share occupancy is taxed from one-half of the gross daily maintenance fees paid by the owner and attributable to the time share unit to an amount equal to all of those fees. Effective 1/1/2020. (SD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Teacher Rental Housing.. Description: Authorizes HHFDC to assist DOE in developing teacher housing projects and contract or sponsor with any state department or agency. Appropriates funds for deposit into the Dwelling Unit Revolving Fund. Requires DOE to lease land and contract with private entities for the development, management, maintenance, or revitalization of teacher housing. Permits DOE to lease teacher housing to other eligible tenants if occupancy of teacher housing falls below 95 per cent. (SB387 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Behavior Analysis.. Description: Appropriates funds to the Department of Education to provide public school students with behavior analysis services. Requires the Department to seek any necessary approvals from the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services to amend the state medicaid plan to include applied behavior analysis services for eligible students who have been diagnosed with an autism spectrum disorder. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Special Education.. Description: Appropriates funds to the Department of Education to provide up to $1,690 to each special education classroom teacher for instructional materials and equipment. (SB392 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Coastal Zone Management.. Description: Amends coastal zone management laws to further protect against impacts of sea level rise and coastal erosion. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Conveyance Tax.. Description: Amends the exemption from conveyance tax for realty leases of less than 5 years by applying the exemption only to residential leases of 1 year or less. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Contracting.. Description: Requires contractors and subcontractors to submit tax clearances as a condition of obtaining building permits for private developments exceeding a certain value. Requires contractors and subcontractors to submit additional tax clearances before assignment of a contract for private developments exceeding a certain value. Authorizes the Department of Taxation to require that tax clearance applications be submitted electronically. Establishes penalties. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Voting.. Description: Makes an application for voter registration, including an affidavit, part of all driver's license and identification card applications. Automatically registers each applicant who elects to register for voting unless the applicant affirmatively declines to be registered to vote. Requires sharing of information among the counties, DOT, and election personnel. (SB412 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Health.. Description: Establishes a task force to review other states that allow APRNs or similar health care providers to perform abortions, patient access to abortion services, and the costs of unintended teenage pregnancies; study the Safe Haven Law; and submit a report to the Legislature prior to the 2020 Regular Session. (SB415 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Health.. Description: Authorizes the Department of Health to establish fees for transportation and provision of emergency medical services. Authorizes transportation to certain medical facilities. Appropriates funds to meet collective bargaining requirements and personnel costs. (SB417 HD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Marriage.. Description: Raises the minimum age requirement to enter into marriage from sixteen to eighteen years of age. Removes the parental consent and written approval by the family court requirements for a minor to marry. Requires, rather than permits, the family court to declare void the marriage contract on the ground that the parties, or either of them, had not attained the legal age of marriage at the time of the marriage. Removes spousal cohabitation after the parties attain legal age as an exception for an annulment based on nonage. Makes conforming amendments. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Ranked Choice Voting.. Description: Establishes ranked choice voting for special federal elections and special elections of vacant county council seats. (SB427 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Gender Identification.. Description: Requires a license to include a person's full legal name, date of birth, gender category, residence address, and license or identification card number. Includes a third option of gender identification for driver's license and state identification card applicants. Effective 7/1/2020.
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Screen Time Awareness.. Description: Appropriates funds for the Department of Health to create a social marketing campaign targeting children and their families to inform them of proven interventions to reduce child and teen screen time. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Taxation.. Description: Provides a tiered income tax credit to taxpayers who install or upgrade an electric vehicle charging system that is available for use by the public, unless otherwise required by law. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Puna Distance Learning Center.. Description: Appropriates funds for a post-secondary distance learning center within Hawaii Community College to be located in the Puna district. Requires the University of Hawaii to submit a report on the Puna distance learning center to the Legislature. (SD457 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Nursing Facility Sustainability Program.. Description: Extends the nursing facility sustainability fee program to 2021. Allows the nursing facility sustainability fee to be used to enhance capitated rates for the purpose of paying quality incentives. Increases the nursing facility sustainability fee limit from 4.0 per cent to 5.5 per cent of net patient service revenue. Increases the per resident daily maximum fee from $13.46 to $20 for each facility, and increases the per resident reduced daily maximum fee from $5.85 to $9 for facilities that meet certain exceptions. Appropriates funds. (SB462 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Hospital Sustainability Program.. Description: Extends the Hospital Sustainability Program for two years. Clarifies exemptions from the hospital sustainability fee. Appropriates funds out of the Hospital Sustainability Special Fund for fiscal years 2019-2020 and 2020-2021. (SB463 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Making An Appropriation To Restore Adult Dental Benefits To Medicaid Enrollees.. Description: Appropriates funds to the Department of Human Services to conduct a fiscal analysis or study on the restoration of preventative and restorative adult dental benefits to medicaid enrollees. (SB467 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Homelessness.. Description: Authorizes the use of private lands for the Ohana Zones Pilot Program. Extends the Ohana Zones Pilot Program to June 30, 2022. Extends the Emergency Department Homelessness Assessment Pilot Program and the Medical Respite Pilot Program to June 30, 2020. (SB470 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Puna.. Description: Makes an appropriation for a feasibility and cost study relating to the construction of a new boat ramp and pier in Puna. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Department Of Human Services.. Description: Appropriates funds for operating expenses for and capital improvement projects of the Department of Human Services. (SB474 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Education.. Description: Allows the Department of Education to provide sexual abuse and sex trafficking prevention training to certain staff. Requires DOE to make available to certain staff explanatory information about protocols that DOE has approved for providing services to victims of sexual abuse and sex trafficking. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Biosecurity.. Description: Increases the amount of barrel tax deposited into the agricultural development and food security special fund. (SB485 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Shark And Ray Protection.. Description: Establishes an offense of knowingly capturing, taking, possessing, abusing, entangling, or killing a shark in state marine waters, along with penalties and fines. Expands the existing prohibition on knowingly capturing or killing a manta ray in state marine waters to apply to all rays and to also include knowingly taking, possessing, abusing, or entangling a ray. Provides certain exemptions. (SD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Department Of Human Services.. Description: Requires the Office of the Auditor to conduct a performance and management audit of the Department of Human Services Disability Determination Branch. Appropriates funds. (SB492 HD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Health Care Insurance.. Description: Prohibits a health care insurer from requiring an insured diagnosed with stage two cancer to undergo step therapy prior to covering the insured for the drug prescribed by the insured's health care provider, under certain conditions. Requires analysis and report by State Auditor to determine if federal ACA provisions or state sunrise analysis requirements have been triggered. (SB493 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Grants.. Description: Clarifies the grant application process requirements for organizations that may receive a grant from the State. Specifies additional grant application process requirements for nonprofit organizations. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Housing.. Description: Requires inclusion of an unspecified minimum percentage of affordable housing units in state agencies' development and redevelopment plans along the rail transit corridor. Allows the Office of Planning to make exceptions to the affordable housing requirement. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Office Of The Lieutenant Governor.. Description: Expands the duties and responsibilities of the Lieutenant Governor to include managing and overseeing public tours of the state capitol, managing vacancies on boards and commissions, processing applications to serve on boards and commissions, and any other applicable administrative duties. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Government Accountability.. Description: Requires the legislative reference bureau to develop a spreadsheet informing members of the legislature on the status and content of all reports to be submitted to the legislature as required by law or requested by legislative concurrent resolution. Requires the legislative reference bureau to inform the legislature of all annual and other reports required by law to be submitted to the legislature or requested by legislative concurrent resolution that were not timely submitted. Requires reporting entities to submit a copy of all reports submitted to the legislature to the legislative reference bureau. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Salary Overpayments.. Description: Requires each department to deduct the department's total salary and wage overpayment from the department's budget request for the following fiscal biennium. Removes the 2year statute of limitations on determination and notice to an employee of salary and wage overpayment. (SB503 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Iolani Palace.. Description: Appropriates funds for the repair, restoration, and maintenance of Iolani Palace's coronation pavilion, two pergolas, and fountain, and for the implementation of mitigation measures to protect the Palace's collection of artifacts from the threat of fire. (SB504 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Department Of Transportation.. Description: Appropriates funds for operating expenses for the highways division of the Department of Transportation. (SB509 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Department Of Transportation.. Description: Appropriates funds for operating expenses for the administration division of the department of transportation. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Department Of Transportation.. Description: Appropriates funds for operating expenses for the airports division of the department of transportation. Effective on 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Department Of Transportation.. Description: Appropriates funds for capital improvement projects for the harbors division of the department of transportation. Effective on 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Housing.. Description: Requires each county to prepare a housing supply plan to plan for projected increases in the State's housing supply to meet housing demands of the respective county, identify and analyze existing and projected housing needs for all income levels, and identify adequate sites for housing, including rental housing. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Food Safety.. Description: Requires the University of Hawaii College of Tropical Agriculture and Human Resources to partner with the Hawaii agriculture community to establish a food safety certification training program to provide assistance to small- and medium-sized farms in obtaining a United States Department of Agriculture Good Agricultural Practices certification or an equivalent certification. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Biosecurity.. Description: Creates the invasive species rapid response special fund. Adds 10 full-time equivalent (10.0 FTE) positions to the Department of Land and Natural Resources per the Hawaii interagency biosecurity plan. Adds 4 full-time equivalent (4.0 FTE) positions to the Department of Agriculture and requires the Department submit a report to the Legislature. Appropriates funds for positions and for execution of the Hawaii interagency biosecurity plan. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Human Services.. Description: Appropriates funds for the Department of Human Services to purchase, staff, and operate two mobile outreach services to serve homeless persons; provided that one of the mobile outreach services shall be allocated to the county of Hawaii. Requires matching funds. (SB526 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Human Services.. Description: Authorizes the Department of Human Services and the Department of Health to contract the services of dedicated capture managers responsible for securing grant and other funding opportunities for each department. Authorizes the Department of Human Services and the Department of Health to establish a three-year full time temporary exempt position to support the grant development program. Appropriates funds. Repeals 6/30/2022. (SB529 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The General Excise Tax.. Description: Exempts from the general excise tax gross receipts from the sale of mobility enhancing equipment, hearing aids, prosthetic devices, durable medical equipment, and prescription drugs sold pursuant to a doctor's prescription. Amends the definition of "prosthetic device" to include a replacement, corrective, or supportive device worn on or in the body. (SB530 HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Health.. Description: Makes financial exploitation of a vulnerable adult by a caregiver a Class A felony. Takes effect 9/1/2020. (SD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To State Boards And Commissions.. Description: Clarifies that any member of a state board or commission whose nomination for appointment or reappointment is withdrawn for cause by the governor prior to the senate's advice and consent action shall be considered disqualified, and in the case of the nomination for reappointment, the member shall be ineligible to continue to serve as a holdover member beyond the member's most recent term of appointment. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Consumer Protection.. Description: Transitions from lump sum deferred deposit transactions to installment-based small dollar loan transactions. Specifies various consumer protection requirements for small dollar loans. Beginning 1/1/2020, requires licensure for small dollar lenders that offer small dollar loans to consumers. Specifies licensing requirements for small dollar lenders. Authorizes the division of financial institutions to appoint 2.0 FTE examiner positions, funded via the compliance resolution fund, to carry out the purposes of the small dollar installment loan program. Requires check cashers to be registered with DCCA and to offer a voluntary payment plan to customers under certain circumstances. Establishes the terms of voluntary payment plans. Clarifies that a customer may only have one outstanding deferred deposit transaction from any source. Amends notices to customers required of check cashers. Removes the exemption for persons engaged in the bona fide retail sale of goods or services. Requires the Auditor to conduct a sunrise analysis of the regulation of payday lenders and deferred deposit agreements in the State. (SB537 HD3)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Medical Cannabis Products.. Description: Simplifies the list of manufactured cannabis products that may be manufactured and distributed by dispensaries. Updates transdermal patches to department-approved transdermal devices in the medical cannabis dispensary laws, thereby including non-patch devices that deliver through the dermis. (SB541 HD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Motor Vehicle Insurance.. Description: Clarifies that the requirement for a motor vehicle insurer to maintain a complete sales and claims service office does not apply to the county of Kalawao.
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Public Utilities Commission.. Description: Allows Public Utilities Commission members who are residents of a county other than the City and County of Honolulu to receive an allowance of $225 per day for expenses related to board, lodging, and incidental expenses and reimbursement for actual air travel expenses incurred in carrying out the members' duties. (SB550 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Broadband Service Infrastructure.. Description: Establishes the broadband service infrastructure grant program to award grants to applicants to extend deployment of facilities used to provide broadband service to unserved and underserved areas of the State. Makes an appropriation. (SB553 HD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To State Water Code Penalties.. Description: Adds a minimum penalty of $50 per violation of the state water code and makes each day that a violation exists or continues a separate offense. Requires the Commission on Water Resource Management to determine the amount of the penalty based on the circumstances of the violation. Takes effect 12/31/2050. (SD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Law Enforcement.. Description: Prohibits state and county law enforcement agencies from complying with federal immigration detainers or honoring requests for non-public information unless specifically required to do so by a warrant signed by a judge or provisions of federal, state, or county law. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Elections.. Description: Enacts voting by mail uniformly across all counties for all elections commencing in 2022. Establishes a limited number of voter service centers that would remain open from the tenth business day preceding an election through the day of the election to receive personal delivery of mail-in ballots, accommodate voters with special needs, offer same day registration and voting, and provide other election services. Allows for additional places of deposit for personal delivery of mail-in ballots. Appropriates funds for the implementation and administration of the election by mail system. Requires the office of elections to submit a report to the legislature prior to the convening of each regular session from 2020 through 2025, regarding the implementation of a vote by mail system. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Vision Zero.. Description: Requires the Department of Transportation to implement a vision zero program in Hawaii by 7/1/2020. Establishes a goal of no traffic fatalities or serious injuries by 2030. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii enrolled a bill titled: Relating To The Penal Code.. Description: Establishes the offense of unauthorized attachment of an object to a fence, gate, or wall, which is committed when a person knowingly attaches an object to a fence, gate, wall, or other structure or barrier without the owner's permission. (CD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Driver's Licenses.. Description: Excludes gender or sex markers from limited purpose driver's licenses and limited purpose provisional driver's licenses. Effective 10/1/2020. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Hawaii Civil Rights Commission.. Description: Includes programs and activities that also receive federal financial assistance within the meaning of programs and activities receiving state financial assistance. Reiterates the legislature's intent of ensuring non-discriminatory access to State financially assisted programs, as it relates to the Hawaii civil rights commission's jurisdiction. Excludes claims cognizable under the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act from the Hawaii civil rights commission's jurisdiction. (SD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Public Safety.. Description: Requires the auditor to conduct a performance audit of certain offices and programs within the Department of Public Safety. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Child Support Enforcement.. Description: Establishes that every judgment for child support is enforceable until paid in full.
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Tax Credits.. Description: Increases the allowable income tax credit for low-income household renters to an unspecified amount. Extends the sunset date of the earned income tax credit to 12/31/2029. Increases the allowable amount of the refundable food/excise tax credit to an unspecified amount. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Education.. Description: Beginning with the 2020-2021 fiscal year, reduces from 6.5% to 5.0% the portion of the total Department of Education operating budget that may be expended for the department's administrative expenditures. Increases the percentage of appropriations for the total budget of the department that principals may expend, from 70% to 75%. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Funding For School Repair And Maintenance.. Description: Requires the department of education to include source of project funding and amount of legislative appropriations used for some other purpose and the justification for such use in the information posted on the department's website relating to school repair and maintenance projects. Effective 7/1/2051. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The School-level Minor Repairs And Maintenance Special Fund.. Description: Clarifies that the school-level minor repairs and maintenance special fund shall be used only to fund minor repairs and maintenance. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To School Impact Fees.. Description: Repeals the school impact fee exemptions for nonresidential development and housing subject to the transient accommodations tax when seeking development in a designated school impact district requiring county subdivision approval, county building permit, or condominium property regime approval of the project. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Board Of Education.. Description: Requires that the Board of Education hold at least two community meetings each year in each county to receive public input on public education and public library issues. Removes restriction on community meetings to allow the meetings to be held for the purpose of formulating educational policy. Exempts community meetings from certain requirements. Requires the Board of Education to video record community meetings and make video recordings available. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Public Schools.. Description: Increases the amount of damages allowed for public school restitution agreements from $3,500 to $10,000. Takes effect 6/18/2050. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Education.. Description: Establishes and appropriates funds for a school meal subsidy program within the department of education to provide school lunch subsidies to children whose families do not otherwise qualify for free lunch under the free and reduced price lunch program, subject to income eligibility. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Critical Infrastructure Resiliency.. Description: Establishes a Homeland Security and Resiliency Council to identify electric grid and other critical infrastructure needs and provide recommendations for enhancing the State's grid and critical infrastructure resiliency. Appropriates funds. (SB609 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Firearms.. Description: Requires a person to report the person's lost, stolen, or destroyed firearms to the appropriate county police department. Establishes penalties for failure to report. Requires suspension of any fee related to the Rap Back system until the Rap Back system, a criminal record monitoring service, is fully implemented. (SB621 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Intoxicants.. Description: Establishes the offense of operating a vehicle while impaired by a lesser intoxicant. Requires law enforcement and the Criminal Justice Data Center to collect, make public, and report on certain data relating to the offense. (SB641 HD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Hawaiian As An Official Language Of The State Of Hawaii.. Description: Inserts article thirteen of the United Nations Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples into the Hawaii Revised Statutes. Requires that Hawaiian be used for public acts and transactions. Directs the office of language access to provide services to Hawaiian language speakers. Requires the Hawaiian version of a law be held binding if the law in question was originally drafted in Hawaiian and then translated into English. Requires that okina and kahako be used, when appropriate, in documents prepared by or for state or county agencies or officials, with certain exceptions. Amends existing law so that any rule, order, policy, or other act, official or otherwise, that prohibits or discourages the use of okina and kahako, except those specifically designed for the benefit of native speakers of Hawaiian, shall be void. (SD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Ignition Interlock Program.. Description: Expands ignition interlock system to include other alternative systems or technology that monitors a driver's alcohol concentration. Replacing the term "ignition interlock" with "intoxicant control system". Requires that the revocation of license period be tolled for any period in which the person does not have an intoxicant control system installed on a vehicle owned or operated by the person. Establishes requirements for removal of the intoxicant control system. Allows a defendant to enroll in an alcohol or substance abuse education or treatment program, or a sobriety program. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The State Capitol Management Committee.. Description: Increases the membership of the state capitol management committee by including the lieutenant governor and the lieutenant governor's chief of staff. Prohibits the lieutenant governor from being represented on the committee by a designee. Requires the lieutenant governor to submit an annual report to the legislature. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Agriculture.. Description: Gives the Board of Agriculture authority to decide on a case-by-case basis which entities qualify for a non-agricultural park lease. Establishes certain conditions and qualifications that must be met in order for the Board to deem an entity eligible for a lease. Effective 7/1/2050. Sunsets on 6/30/2024. (SD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Special Purpose Revenue Bonds To Assist Keahole Fbo I Llc.. Description: Authorizes the issuance of special purpose revenue bonds to assist Keahole FBO I LLC with planning, designing, constructing, equipping, and operating facilities for aviation services and aviation-related services at Ellison Onizuka Kona International Airport at Keahole. (SB652 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Electric Vehicles.. Description: Requires the Department of Business, Economic Development, and Tourism to provide rebates to persons who install a new electric vehicle charging system or upgrade an existing electric vehicle charging system. Creates, and appropriates moneys out of, the electric vehicle charging station rebate program special fund. Amends the uses of funds in the energy security special fund. (SB653 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Taxation.. Description: Repeals the requirement that the auditor conduct an annual review of certain rapid transportation authorities in the State. Repeals the requirements that the comptroller verify the capital costs of a locally preferred alternative for a mass transit project and submit a certification statement to the department of budget and finance for the allocation of funds from the mass transit special fund. Repeals the requirement that the senate president and house speaker each appoint 2 non-voting, ex-officio members to the board of directors of certain rapid transportation authorities. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD3)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Electric Vehicles.. Description: Requires electric vehicles to pay for unmetered fee parking when parked for any period longer than an initial 4 hours. Extends the repeal date of Act 168, Session Laws of Hawaii 2012, from 6/30/2020 to 6/30/2023. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Motor Vehicles.. Description: Prohibits vehicle lessors from renting, leasing, or offering for rent or lease, vehicles subject to a manufacturer's recall, until appropriate repairs are made. Defines peer-to-peer vehicle sharing related terms. Requires persons in the peer-to-peer vehicle sharing organization business to register with the director of taxation. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To An Airports Corporation.. Description: Establishes the Hawaii Airports Corporation (HAC)to assume the authority, functions, and duties of the DOT related to airports and aeronautics. Makes HAC subject to Chapters 103D and 104, HRS. Provides for project labor agreements. Appropriates funds for the transfer of functions from DOT to HAC. (SB666 HD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Post-secondary Education Student Immunizations.. Description: Exempts students in post-secondary education programs from immunization requirements if they attend classes exclusively online or through distance learning. Takes effect on 7/1/2020. (SD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Gender Identity.. Description: Prohibits conversion therapy for sexual orientation and gender identity. (SB674 HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Animal Cruelty.. Description: Prohibits specified trolleys, pulleys, cables, or running lines designed to attach a dog to two stationary objects in a configuration that endangers the dog, including by depriving the dog of sustenance. Prohibits tethering or restraining a dog under the age of six months unless the dog is engaged in an activity supervised by its owner or an agent of its owner. Prohibits tethering or restraining a dog with a tow or log chain if the tow or log chain inhibits the free movement of the dog. Prohibits tethering or restraining a dog with a choke collar, pinch collar, or prong collar unless the dog is engaged in an activity supervised by its owner or an agent of its owner. Effective 10/1/2020. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Consumer Protection.. Description: Requires that food scales be approved for use, accurate, and properly licensed by the department of agriculture as a commercial measuring device and that indicate the price of the item being weighed. Exempts farmers' markets. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Hawaiian Homes Commission Act.. Description: Requires the Department of Hawaiian Home Lands to digitize its applicant, beneficiary, and lessee records. Requires that the digital database be completed and available no later than July 1, 2020. (SB695 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Cesspools.. Description: Extends various reporting deadlines and the sunset date of the cesspool conversion working group established pursuant to Act 132, Session Laws of Hawaii 2018. Extends the lapse dates for funds appropriated to conduct a comprehensive statewide study of sewage contamination in nearshore marine areas and for research and technical assistance necessary for completion of the comprehensive cesspool conversion plan. (SB696 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Sustainable Development Goals.. Description: Codifies sustainable development goals based on the United Nations' Sustainable Development Goals and indicators. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Bernice Pauahi Bishop Museum.. Description: Appropriates funds to support the work of the State of Hawaii Museum of Natural and Cultural History. (SB699 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Hawaiian Language.. Description: Directs OHA to convene a task force to determine appropriate sources for authenticating and verifying appropriate Hawaiian language usage and syntax in public documents, letterhead, emblems, and symbols and establish a process for review. Requires OHA to report to the 2020 Legislature. (SB701 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Department Of Accounting And General Services.. Description: Appropriates funds for operating expenses of the Department of Accounting and General Services. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Agricultural Land.. Description: Amends certain general obligation bond funds appropriated in the General Appropriations Act of 2017 to purchase deep well easements on agricultural land on Oahu. (SB711 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Taxation.. Description: Clarifies that the definition of "resident person" under the Hawaii Real Property Tax Act does not include foreign partnerships, foreign limited liability partnerships, foreign limited partnerships, or foreign limited liability companies. (SD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Transient Accommodations Tax.. Description: Imposes the transient accommodations tax on resort fees that are calculated separately from the advertised transient accommodation's rate. Clarifies the calculation of the transient accommodations tax. Amends the formula for the amount of transient accommodations tax to be collected from time shares by increasing the base on which time share occupancy is taxed from one-half of the gross daily maintenance fees paid by the owner and are attributable to the time share unit to one hundred per cent of the gross daily maintenance fees. Requires transient accommodations intermediaries to register with the director of taxation before arranging to furnish transient accommodations at noncommissioned negotiated contract rates. Specifies that the transient accommodations tax is to be collected from transient accommodations intermediaries who arrange transient accommodations at noncommissioned negotiated contract rates in the same manner as transient accommodations operators. Applies to taxable years beginning after 12/31/2019. (SD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Office Of Hawaiian Affairs.. Description: Changes the maximum amount of public funds available to each candidate running for the Office of State Senator, State Representative, County Council, and the Board of Trustees of the Office of Hawaiian Affairs to an unspecified per cent of the expenditure limit established for each election. Amends the amount each Office of Hawaiian Affairs candidate must raise in order to qualify for public funds. (SB728 HD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Parking.. Description: Establishes a working group to research and explore the idea of developing and implementing a parking cash-out program. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Housing Density.. Description: Authorizes each county to adopt ordinances establishing a minimum housing density on state lands that are within an urban district and zoned for development or redevelopment. Allows developers to be exempt from this requirement under certain conditions. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Board Members.. Description: Permits two or more members of a board to attend state of the city, state of the county, state of the State, or state of the judiciary addresses; provided that the board members do not discuss board business and no commitment to vote is made or sought by board members. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Adolescent Mental Health Services.. Description: Permits certain minors to consent to treatment or counseling by a mental health professional. Requires, as part of the standard of care, the minor patient to be informed about confidentiality. Restricts disclosure of a minor's payment information for mental health treatment in certain circumstances. (SB768 HD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Actions For Quiet Title.. Description: Provides that where a quiet title action involves kuleana land, at the request of any defendant at the time the action was brought, the court shall order mandatory mediation with a goal of resolving the dispute, including any issues that might need to be preliminarily established through an action commenced under chapter 668A, HRS. Allows the court to consolidate separate actions commenced by the same plaintiff or multiple plaintiffs for the same real property in interest. Requires the plaintiff in a quiet title action involving kuleana land to bear the costs of required mediation and only recover costs, expenses, or attorney's fees from the defendant as the court may deem reasonable and equitable under the circumstances.
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Agriculture.. Description: Makes an appropriation to the University of Hawaii College of Tropical Agriculture and Human Resources for research and prevention of the spread of ornamental ginger pathogens. (SB752 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Administrative Procedure.. Description: Requires agencies to maintain a website with a list of open non-confidential contested cases. (SB757 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Agriculture.. Description: Expands the definition of "qualified agricultural costs" for the Important Agricultural Land Qualified Agricultural Cost Tax Credit. Extends through the 2029 taxable year the time in which the Department of Agriculture may certify the Tax Credit. (SB760 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Agriculture Education.. Description: Establishes and appropriates funds for 1 FTE P-20 agriculture education coordinator position within the University of Hawaii at Manoa College of Tropical Agriculture and Human Resources. Specifies duties of the coordinator and P-20 agriculture education working group. (SB762 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Intoxicating Liquor.. Description: Allows a class 18 small craft producer pub licensee to manufacture not more than 75,000 barrels of malt beverages on the licensee's premises during the license year. Clarifies that a class 14 brewpub licensee or class 18 small craft producer pub licensee may conduct certain activities at satellite locations other than the licensee's primary manufacturing premises under certain conditions. Clarifies the definition of "growler". Allows direct shipment of all forms of liquor, rather than just wine, by certain licensees. (SB773 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Professional And Vocational Licensing.. Description: Requires the Board of Dentistry to adopt rules for the regulation of dental assistants using certification options based on education level and permitted duties. Requires the Board to report to the Legislature on the progress of any rules adopted. (SB774 HD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Health Care Professionals.. Description: Expands the list of acceptable institutions or organizations that can approve the continuing education courses needed by naturopathic physicians for license renewal. (SB777 HD2)
In 2020, Hawaii enrolled a bill titled: Relating To Collective Bargaining.. Description: Makes appropriations for collective bargaining cost items for the members of collective bargaining units (2), (3), (4), (7), (8), (9), (13), and (14) and their excluded counterparts, including the cost of salary adjustments negotiated between the State and the bargaining unit representative, for fiscal biennium 2019-2021. Appropriates moneys to meet collective bargaining requirements under emergency medical services contracts. (CD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Minimum Wage.. Description: Changes minimum wage rates annually from 1/1/2020, to 1/1/2024. Provides lower minimum wage rates for employees who receive employer-sponsored health benefits under the Hawaii Prepaid Health Care Act. Includes persons with disabilities under generally applicable minimum wage requirements. (SB789 HD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Employee Training.. Description: Requires all new employees to be provided a general orientation on their benefits and rights by each employee's respective jurisdiction within 20 days of being hired. (SB792 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Department Of Budget And Finance.. Description: Appropriates funds for operating expenses of the Department of Budget and Finance. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Department Of Human Resources Development.. Description: Appropriates funds for various operating expenses of the Department of Human Resources Development. (SB796 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Department Of Labor And Industrial Relations.. Description: Appropriates funds for various operating expenses of the Department of Labor and Industrial Relations. (SB797 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Making An Appropriation To The Department Of Land And Natural Resources.. Description: Appropriates funds for the digitization of records, files, and other materials of the state historic preservation division to be expended by the department of land and natural resources. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Money Transmitters.. Description: Amends money transmitter licensure requirements by adding a credit report and financial responsibility review and extending personal background history from five years to ten years, which will enable the division of financial institutions to join a compact of states that license money transmitters for purposes of efficiency and standardization. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Electronic Prescription Accountability System.. Description: Specifies the conditions in which health care providers are not required to consult the electronic prescription accountability system before prescribing controlled substances. (SB807 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Prescription Drugs.. Description: Authorizes pharmacies to accept the return of any prescription drug for disposal via collection receptacles or mail-back programs; prohibits pharmacies from redispensing returned prescription drugs or from accepting returned prescription drugs in exchange for cash or credit; requires the pharmacist-in-charge to ensure that only authorized reverse distributors acquire prescription drugs collected via collection receptacles or mail-back programs. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Service Contracts.. Description: Clarifies the allowable scope of service contracts regulated by the Insurance Commissioner to include contracts for certain motor vehicle repair and replacement services.
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Department Of Health.. Description: Appropriates funds for the fiscal biennium 2019-2021 operating budget of DOH. (SB813 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Department Of Health.. Description: Appropriates funds to DOH for the fiscal biennium 2019-2021 operating budget of Kahuku Hospital (HTH211) and Hawaii Health Systems Corporation - Regions (HTH212) under the purview of the House of Representatives Standing Committee on Health. (SB815 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Department Of Health.. Description: Appropriates funds to resolve the compensation differential for certain union members for the modified terms, conditions, and compensation practices caused by the transfer of the use and exclusive management and operations of Maui Memorial Medical Center, Kula Hospital, and Lanai Community Hospital from the Hawaii Health Systems Corporation to Maui Health System. (SB816 HD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To School Psychologists.. Description: Establishes licensure requirements for school psychologists to be administered by the Hawaii teacher standards board. Prohibits private practice by school psychologists. Amends the name of the Hawaii teacher standards board to the Hawaii teacher standards and school psychologists board and amends the board's composition to include two school psychologists. Specifies that school psychologists who are employed by an educational institution and practice only within a school setting shall be exempt from licensure under chapter 465, Hawaii Revised Statutes. Requires the board to report to legislature. Sunsets 7/1/2026. (SB818 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Prescriptive Authority For Certain Clinical Psychologists.. Description: Authorizes and establishes procedures and criteria for prescriptive authority for clinical psychologists who meet specific education, training, and registration requirements. Requires the Board of Psychology to accept applications for prescriptive authority privilege beginning 7/1/2022. Requires the Board of Psychology to report to the Legislature prior to the Regular Session of 2021. Sunsets on 8/31/2025. Effective 7/1/2050. (SB819 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Gender Equity.. Description: Requires all places of public accommodation and state building construction constructed or substantially modified after December 31, 2020, to provide baby diaper-changing accommodations and baby feeding accommodations that are equally accessible to men and women. (SB821 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Rebuilt Vehicles.. Description: Expands the definition of "rebuilt vehicle" to include vehicles that have been rebuilt after being declared a total loss due to flood damage and material damage to the vehicle's electronics. (SB822 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Motor Vehicle Repairs.. Description: Requires insurers to clearly give consumers notice of the choice of whether to use an aftermarket part, if available, or an original equipment manufacturer part for motor vehicle body repair work. (SB823 HD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Rentals Of Mopeds And Motor Scooters.. Description: Requires all moped and motor scooter rental companies to ensure the rider wears a safety helmet supplied either by the rental company or by the renter prior to operating the moped or motor scooter. Exempts riders with a motorcycle license from this requirement. Prohibits the rental of any moped or motor scooter with aftermarket modifications. (SB824 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Privacy Notice For Insurance.. Description: Establishes an exemption that allows an insurer to send a privacy notice to its customers at least once every three years, rather than annually. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Consumer Protection.. Description: Prohibits a merchant in the State from adopting a warranty policy that requires a purchaser to pay an additional fee to obtain a repair, replacement, or refund for goods returned pursuant to the warranty. Defines "merchant in the State". (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Urban Agriculture.. Description: Requires the counties to incorporate urban agriculture principles and policies in land use planning.
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Farms.. Description: Creates an exclusion from income tax for the lesser of a percentage of gross annual income or an amount of gross annual income earned by a farmer from farming activities. Applies to taxable years beginning after 12/31/2018. (SB837 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Land Conservation Fund.. Description: Increases the percentage of the land conservation fund that may be used for costs related to the operation, maintenance, and management of lands acquired by the fund. Increases the maximum dollar amount of the conveyance tax distribution to the land conservation fund. Appropriates funds from the land conservation fund for resource land acquisition. Effective 12/31/2050. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Elections.. Description: Allows the elections commission to refer a complaint to the attorney general or county prosecutor in addition to any administrative determination and without the requirement that the commission believes the respondent has recklessly, knowingly, or intentionally committed a violation. Disqualifies a person convicted of violating elections criminal prosecution laws from holding elective public office for ten years, rather than four. Repeals language stipulating that elections criminal prosecution law does not apply to any person who has paid or agreed to pay fines related to report filing violations and advertisement violations prior to the commencement of the proceedings.
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Low-income Housing Tax Credit.. Description: Specifies that certain provisions of the Internal Revenue Code related to at-risk rules and deductions and to passive activity loss do not apply with respect to claims for the state lowincome housing tax credit. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Department Of Education.. Description: Requires the Auditor to perform an operational audit of the academic and financial plans of the Department of Education. Requires the Department of Education to contract with a third-party consultant that specializes in school finance to study the adequacy of education funding in Hawaii. Appropriates funds. (SB856 HD3)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Capital Improvement Projects.. Description: Short form bill relating to capital improvement projects. (SB859 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Housing.. Description: Removes certain limits on costs eligible for a GET exemption for certain renovated affordable rental housing projects. Makes permanent certain GET and prevailing wages exemptions for the construction of certain rental housing projects by removing the sunset date for Act 54, SLH 2017, as amended. (SB867 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Invasive Species.. Description: Appropriates funds to the Department of Land and Natural Resources division of forestry and wildlife for invasive species technician positions on the island of Hawaii to address invasive plants and animals. (SB871 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Housing On Hawaiian Home Lands.. Description: Authorizes the use of the Hawaiian Home Loan Fund and Hawaiian Home General Loan Fund to assist qualifying lessees purchasing or leasing micro housing units on approved Hawaiian home lands. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Making An Appropriation For State Lifeguards.. Description: Appropriates funds for salaries and benefits for lifeguards for Kua Bay, Kekaha Kai State Park, on the island of Hawaii, an area under the jurisdiction of the Department of Land and Natural Resources. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Housing.. Description: Establishes the qualified nonprofit housing trust program to authorize the Hawaii housing finance and development corporation to provide loans to qualified nonprofit housing trusts and nonprofit community development financial institutions to develop affordable housing units. Makes an appropriation into and out of the qualified nonprofit housing trust revolving fund. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Low-income Household Renters Credit.. Description: Increases the maximum value of the low-income household renters credit to $150 per qualified exemption for households. Adjusts and provides income threshold tiers for based on filing status. (SB885 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Tobacco Taxes.. Description: Amends the cigarette and tobacco tax on cigarettes and little cigars beginning July 1, 2020. Adds additional allocations for revenues generated by the tax. (SB887 HD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Housing Development.. Description: Exempts affordable housing units, additions to existing dwelling units, accessory dwelling units, ohana dwelling units, and affordable housing projects developed by the Hawaii Public Housing Authority from school impact fee requirements. (SB891 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Recycling.. Description: Prohibits counties with a population less than 500,000 from rejecting number 1 and 2 plastic bottles presented for recycling solely because the bottles are accompanied by or adjoined to nonrecyclable bottle caps. Requires and appropriates funds for the counties to separate and appropriately dispose of such nonrecyclable bottle caps. Requires the counties to include a feasibility assessment of recycling PP materials. (SB893 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Land Recordation.. Description: Requires submission of a map and description of the relevant land prepared by a licensed surveyor along with an application for the voluntary deregistration of land from the Land Court and recordation of title in the Bureau of Conveyances. Exempts transactions that involve time shares, condominiums, planned communities, or deregistration of an undivided interest in registered land. (SB898 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Onsite Non-potable Water Reuse Systems.. Description: Requires the department of health to adopt rules by January 1, 2021, for onsite non-potable water reuse systems. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Higher Education.. Description: Requires the University of Hawaii to establish a two-year pilot project to offer a free application day for prospective students who qualify for Hawaii resident tuition. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Sustainability.. Description: Establishes a Statewide Sustainability Division within the Office of Planning to ensure long-term planning, coordination, and implementation of Hawaii's sustainability goals and policies. Appropriates funds. (SB908 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The University Of Hawaii.. Description: Appropriates funds for the aeronautical sciences program at the University of Hawaii at Hilo. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Health.. Description: Appropriates funds to improve health care services related to cardiac care at Hilo Medical Center. (SB911 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Land Development.. Description: Requires DLNR to allocate revenues from commercial properties within the Banyan Drive redevelopment area to the Banyan Drive Hawaii Redevelopment Agency. Appropriates funds to the Agency for conducting environmental impact and other studies. Requires matching funds from the County of Hawaii. (SB914 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The University Of Hawaii Board Of Regents.. Description: Amends the composition of the Board of Regents of the University of Hawaii, and reduces the number of board members from 15 members to 11 members. Specifies terms of holdover board members. Specifies that the Board of Regents shall hold the president of the University of Hawaii and university administration accountable for decisions, actions, and leases that incur additional costs to the university. (SB919 HD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Department Of The Attorney General.. Description: Appropriates funds for one position within the Department of the Attorney General to provide legal advice regarding the Hawaiian language, Hawaiian culture, and Hawaiian shoreline public access rights. Clarifies membership and certain powers and duties of the Law Enforcement Standards Board (Board). Extends the deadline for the completion of certain Board responsibilities. Appropriates funds for an administrator position, a clerical position, and the administration and operating costs of the Board. Effective 3/15/2094. (SB921 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Department Of Land And Natural Resources.. Description: Appropriates funds for operating expenses of the Department of Land and Natural Resources. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Department Of Land And Natural Resources.. Description: Appropriates funds for operating expenses of the Department of Land and Natural Resources. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Proposing An Amendment To Article X, Section 6, Of The Hawaii State Constitution, To Modify The Appointment Process For The Board Of Regents Of The University Of Hawaii.. Description: Proposes an amendment to article X, section 6, of the Hawaii State Constitution to repeal the requirement that the Governor make appointments to the University of Hawaii Board of Regents from pools of qualified candidates presented to the Governor by the Candidate Advisory Council for the University of Hawaii Board of Regents. (SB928 HD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Marine Aquarium Fishing.. Description: Prohibits harvesting aquatic life for commercial aquarium purposes by any means effective 3/1/2024. Excludes activities pursuant to special activity permits and aquaculturist licenses. Takes effect 3/15/2094. (SD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Conservation Districts.. Description: Prohibits any waste or disposal facility from being located in a conservation district except in emergency circumstances to mitigate significant risks to public safety and health. (SB934 HD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Capital Improvement Projects For Water Reuse.. Description: Authorizes the issuance of general obligation bonds for two water reuse demonstration projects. (SB935 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The University Of Hawaii.. Description: Appropriates funds for (4.0) FTE positions for services and programs at the University of Hawaii at Manoa Native Hawaiian Student Services. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Agricultural Buildings.. Description: Grants county agencies the explicit right to enter property to investigate agricultural buildings and structures for violations of, and compliance with, building permit and code exemption qualifications. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Agricultural Lands.. Description: Requires an owner or occupier of agricultural land to notify the Land Use Commission of the agricultural uses for which land was subdivided. Grants the Commission enforcement authority over conditions, restrictions, uses, and subdivision of agricultural lands, including the right to enter and inspect lands, issue orders, and impose fines or liens for violations. Appropriates funds. (SD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Climate Change.. Description: Requires the Hawaii Climate Change Mitigation and Adaptation Commission to prioritize nature-based solutions in its climate change mitigation and adaptation efforts and assess risk transfer market mechanisms that promote investments in nature to reduce the risks of climate change. Defines "nature-based solutions". Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Public Financial Disclosure Statement.. Description: Requires financial disclosure statements of state agency executive directors to be public records available for inspection and duplication.
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Taxation.. Description: Increases the state tax credit for research activities to an unspecified portion of the allowable federal tax credit. Requires businesses to remain in Hawaii for 5 years after receiving the tax credit. Amends qualifying tax years. (SB965 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Mililani Technology Park.. Description: Requires the Hawaii Technology Development Corporation to enter into negotiations to acquire the properties identified as Tax Map Keys: (1) 9-5-046:041 and (1) 9-5-046:042, parcels that are within or near Mililani Technology Park, to facilitate the redevelopment of those parcels for community benefit and the benefit of the Mililani Technology Park. Appropriates funds. (SB966 HD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The State Public Charter School Commission.. Description: Authorizes the state public charter school commission to establish and fund charter school prekindergarten classrooms. Makes an appropriation. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Computer Science Professional Development.. Description: Appropriates funds to the Department of Education to establish a program with eligible entities to develop and implement teacher professional development for computer science courses and content. (SB970 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Department Of Education.. Description: Appropriates funds for a scholarship program to be directed and administered by the Department of Education to make awards to students pursuing teaching degrees at state accredited institutions of higher education who successfully complete one course in computer science. (SB971 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To County Land Use Requirements.. Description: Requires public notice of sale of agricultural or preservation property subdivided as a condominium property regime in a planned community association within 90 days of subdivision and sale. Prohibits any residential use for any period of structures on agricultural and preservation land. In a county with a population of 750,000 or more, allows for county enforcement of state and county requirements on subdivided agricultural land based on community reports of suspected violations. Permits consideration of infrastructure and environmental impacts on applications for condominium projects on agricultural land. Requires the declaration in a condominium project developer's public report to specify that the project is in compliance with section 205-4.5(f), HRS. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To State Library System.. Description: Amends the disposition of unclaimed funds in the Unclaimed Property Trust Fund to allocate funds under a certain amount to the Libraries Special Fund and to amend the threshold amount for funds transferred to the General Fund. Amends the time limit for retaining unclaimed funds in the Trust Fund. (SB978 HD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Education.. Description: Renames the teacher national board certification incentive program the national certification incentive program. Expands program eligibility to include school psychologists. Clarifies requirements and incentives of the program. Clarifies that teacher incentives, bonuses, and compensation beyond regular wages are excluded from the per-pupil request and included as separate line items in the budget for public charter schools. Appropriates funds. (SB983 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To School Based Health Services.. Description: Includes advanced practice registered nurses with prescriptive authority in the list of health care professionals authorized to administer medication to public school students. Requires administration of the medication to be approved by the department of health or other on-campus, school based, health care provider pursuant to a written agreement with the department of education. (SB984 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Electric Vehicles.. Description: Prohibits the issuance of building permits pursuant to an application initiated on or after January 1, 2020, for all new residential multi-family buildings that have ten or more parking stalls and new commercial buildings that have twenty or more parking stalls unless a certain percentage of the parking stalls are electric vehicle charger ready, subject to superseding county ordinances. (SB1000 HD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Government Data.. Description: Establishes a chief data officer and data set task force, within the office of enterprise technology services, to develop, implement, and manage statewide data set policies, procedures, and standards. (SB1001 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Hawaii Technology Development Corporation.. Description: Requires the Department of Business, Economic Development, and Tourism (DBEDT) to engage a consulting firm to conduct a study to evaluate policies and organizational changes needed within DBEDT that will enable the State to successfully execute a technology-based economic development strategy. Appropriates funds for DBEDT to engage the consulting firm to conduct the study. (SB990 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Tourism.. Description: Requires that the management contract for the Hawaii Convention Center be separate from the contract for marketing for all uses of the facility. (SB992 HD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Hawaii Technology Development Corporation.. Description: Requires HTDC to adopt rules to require businesses to return a technology research and development grant award if the recipient business relocates its principal place of business within 5 years of receiving the grant. Appropriates funding through the Research and Development Special Fund for the Research and Development Program of HTDC. Appropriates funds to HTDC for the Small Business Innovation Research Program and Manufacturing Assistance Program. Disallows HTDC grants to businesses that were awarded a competitive contract from the Department of Defense to research hydrodynamics and demand response. Appropriates funding through the Alternative Energy Research and Development Revolving Fund to provide grants. Repeals Act 67, SLH 2018, relating to alternative energy research and development and grants by HTDC. Repeals Act 141, SLH 2018, relating to the Research and Development Program in HTDC. Transfers the rights, powers, functions, and duties of HTDC and HSDC to UH. Appropriates funds to UH to implement the transfer. (SB995 HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Zero-emission Vehicles.. Description: Requires rental motor vehicle lessors to incorporate zero-emission vehicles into the lessors' fleets. Establishes a Hawaii zero-emissions vehicle infrastructure special fund and grant program to promote development of zero-emission vehicle infrastructure. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Stadium Authority.. Description: Establishes the Stadium Development District. Requires HCDA to facilitate the development of all state property within the District. Appropriates funds and authorizes the issuance of reimbursable general obligation bonds to establish and develop the District. Authorizes the issuance of general obligation bonds to build a new stadium. (SB997 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Special Purpose Revenue Bonds For Hawaiian Electric Company, Inc.; Maui Electric Company, Limited; And Hawaii Electric Light Company, Inc.. Description: Authorizes the issuance of special purpose revenue bonds to assist Hawaiian Electric Company, Inc.; Maui Electric Company, Limited; and Hawaii Electric Light Company, Inc., to fund multi-project capital improvement programs and assist utilities serving the general public in providing electric energy. (SB998 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Innovative Project Delivery Guidelines.. Description: Establishes the Innovative Project Delivery Guidelines Task Force to establish guidelines for the use of innovative project delivery arrangements for public infrastructure. Requires DAGS to adopt rules. Requires task force to submit report to the 2020 Legislature. Appropriates moneys. (SB1003 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Intoxicating Liquor.. Description: Includes certain spirits-based beverages in the definition of cooler beverage. Repeals definition of draft beer. Applies the same tax rate to all beer. (SB1006 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Flavored Tobacco Products.. Description: Bans the sale of flavored tobacco products except for menthol or mentholated products. Prohibits mislabeling of e-liquid products containing nicotine. Establishes fines and penalties for violations. (SB1009 HD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Taxation.. Description: Amends the income tax credit for expenses for household and dependent care services necessary for gainful employment by increasing the taxpayer's applicable percentage of employment-related expenses and dollar limit on amounts creditable that constitute the tax credit. Requires the Department of Taxation to make annual adjustments for inflation to the adjusted gross income thresholds and dollar limits on amounts creditable. Applies to taxable years beginning after 12/31/2019. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Sales Of Tobacco.. Description: Prohibits a business from seeking a new retail tobacco permit or renewal of an existing permit if the place of business is located within 750 feet of a preschool, school, or public playground. Beginning January 1, 2020, prohibits the sale of tobacco products and electronic smoking devices by businesses that are located within 750 feet of a preschool, school, or public playground. Codifies the Department of Taxation's administrative rule specifying when the Department may suspend, revoke, or decline to renew a retail tobacco permit. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Youth.. Description: Requires the Judiciary to collaborate with the Office of Youth Services to establish a task force to determine existing diversion programs statewide that can assist the State's youth, and to consider the post-youth needs of the eighteen to twenty-four year old population in order to provide a continuum of care. (SB1019 HD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Rental Assistance.. Description: Appropriates funds to the Hawaii Public Housing Authority for its Rent Supplement Program to assist families at imminent risk of homelessness due to domestic violence with obtaining and maintaining permanent housing. (SB1020 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Child Welfare Services.. Description: Establishes a Child Welfare Services Task Force to review the Child Welfare Services Branch of the Department of Human Services and examine best practices that will help to improve child care safety through the Branch. Requires report to Legislature. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Aging.. Description: Makes an appropriation to the department of health to provide full funding for the kupuna care program. (SB1023 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Making An Appropriation For The Aging And Disability Resource Center.. Description: Appropriates funds to the Department of Health for the aging and disability resource center. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Healthy Aging Partnership Program.. Description: Appropriates funds for the Healthy Aging Partnership Program to further the program's role in improving the health and well-being of Hawaii's kupuna. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Hearing Aids.. Description: Requires health insurance policies and contracts issued after 12/31/19 to provide coverage for the cost of hearing aids at a minimum of $1,500 per hearing aid for each hearing-impaired ear every 36 months. Exempts mandatory health care coverage from impact assessment report. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Aging.. Description: Requires the policy advisory board for elder affairs to establish quorum requirements through its bylaws and post its bylaws on the executive office on aging's website. Specifies that a majority of currently serving members, but no fewer than eight, shall constitute quorum. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Homelessness.. Description: Establishes the long-term rental assistance pilot program to be administered by the Hawaii Public Housing Authority for individuals over sixty years old who are homeless, or at imminent risk of becoming homeless. Appropriates funds. (SB1031 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Insurance.. Description: Clarifies that the existing health insurance mandate for coverage of low-dose mammography includes coverage for advancing methodologies of digital mammography and breast tomosynthesis. Sunsets June 30, 2024. (SB1034 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Sexual Violence.. Description: Repeals the civil statute of limitations for child sexual abuse. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Clinical Victim Support Services.. Description: Clarifies that clinical victim support services for victims of sexual violence and abuse are a mental health outpatient services benefit required to be covered under health insurance policies offered by health insurers, mutual benefit societies, fraternal benefit societies, and health maintenance organizations. (SB1036 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Employment Practices.. Description: Prohibits written nondisclosure agreements involving sexual assault and sexual harassment as part of an employee's conditions of employment. Prohibits employers from retaliating against an employee for disclosing or discussing sexual harassment or sexual assault. (SB1041 HD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Health Care.. Description: Requires the Auditor to conduct a study on whether health insurers, mutual benefit societies, and health maintenance organizations should provide health insurance coverage for a comprehensive category of reproductive health services, drugs, devices, products, and procedures. (SB1043 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Domestic Violence.. Description: Allows an employee to take family leave in addition to victim leave for leave to seek safety, medical attention, or victim services related to domestic or sexual violence against the employee or the employee's minor child. Requires the employee to submit certification and employer confidentiality of information except under certain conditions. (SB1046 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Domestic Violence.. Description: Creates new petty misdemeanor for the abuse of a family or household member. Repeals June 30, 2022. (SB1047 HD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Sexual Harassment.. Description: Makes confidentiality clauses in employment contracts unenforceable as to sexual harassment claims. Bans mandatory arbitration agreements as to sexual harassment claims. Makes mandatory confidentiality clauses in an arbitration agreement unenforceable as to sexual harassment claims. (SB1048 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Housing.. Description: Establishes a task force within the Hawaii Housing Finance and Development Corporation to examine and report on the feasibility of the State establishing and operating a housing loan program for state employees similar to the United States Department of Veterans Affairs' home loan program. Makes an appropriation. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Homeless Individuals With Severe Mental Illness.. Description: Requires DHS to establish a task force on the implementation requirements for a pilot program to provide shelter and mental health treatment to certain homeless individuals. Exempts task force from certain provisions of HRS 92 for a limited time. Appropriates funds. (SB1051 HD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Planning.. Description: Requires the State and counties to incorporate predictions of sea level rise and other climate change hazards and mitigation opportunities into applicable plans, strategies, and mapping. Requires the Public Utilities Commission, and any public utility regulated by the Public Utilities Commission, to consider the findings in the Hawaii Sea Level Rise Vulnerability and Adaptation Report. Encourages each county to participate in the community rating system developed by the National Flood Insurance Program. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Lobbyists.. Description: Requires lobbyists and specified individuals to file two additional reports in general election years to the Hawaii State Ethics Commission, including one report on the second Friday in August and one report on the first Monday in November. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Agriculture.. Description: Prohibits, in any county where one-third or less of the county's land is classified in the state agricultural land use district, the following: the creation of a condominium property regime on agricultural land twenty-five acres or greater; an existing condominium property regime on agricultural land greater than twenty-five acres from being amended to allow a single-family dwelling; and the subdivision of agricultural land twenty-five acres or greater for the purpose of creating a condominium property regime. Exempts agricultural park and non-agricultural park lands projects under chapter 166 or 166E, Hawaii Revised Statutes, from the condominium property regime prohibitions. Takes effect 12/31/2050. (SD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Reduction Of Noise From Helicopter Operations.. Description: Establishes a tax credit for taxpayers who install a helicopter noise-canceling technology system on a helicopter owned by the taxpayer and operated primarily within the State during the taxable year. Establishes a tour helicopter surcharge. Establishes a helicopter noise-canceling technology system special fund. (SB1069 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Hawaii State And Contracted Correctional Facilities.. Description: Requires the Director of Public Safety, in the event of the death of an inmate who is in a state or contracted correctional facility, or death of a correctional facility or community correctional center employee, to provide a report to the Governor and Legislature with certain information regarding the death, subject to state and federal laws. Requires the collection and preservation of any human biological specimens if there is any indication of sexual assault leading to the death. (SB1077 HD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Low-speed Electric Bicycles.. Description: Amends the definition of "bicycle" for the purposes of county vehicular taxes, highway safety laws, and Statewide Traffic Code by adding and defining low-speed electric bicycles and requiring that an operator of a low-speed electric bicycle be at least 15 years of age. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Deferred Maintenance.. Description: Establishes the Asset Management Task Force within the Office of the Governor to develop a standardized schedule for repairs and replacement of state-owned facilities and to submit to the Legislature a preliminary report by October 31, 2020, and a final report by October 31, 2021. Appropriates funds for the task force to develop the plans. (SB1079 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Wages.. Description: Makes general contractors entering into or under contracts in the State for work on buildings, structures, or other private works liable for debt incurred by subcontractors for wages due to claimants for performance of labor in the contract between the general contractor and owner. (SB1082 HD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Department Of Accounting And General Services.. Description: Appropriates funds for operating expenses of the Department of Accounting and General Services. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Department Of Health.. Description: Requires the Department of Health to establish a working group to examine and advise on amendments that can be made to the statutory description of the Department's powers, duties, functions, and responsibilities. Authorizes the working group to evaluate the health impact assessment tool. Appropriates funds to support the activities of the working group. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Real Estate Disclosure.. Description: Beginning on November 1, 2019, requires all vulnerable coastal property sales or transfers to include a sea level rise hazard exposure statement to ensure that new property owners and transferees understand the special hazards, requirements, and limitations that may affect the property. Requires sellers to include whether property is within a sea level rise exposure area in the disclosure statement provided to the buyer. Takes effect 12/31/2050. (SD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Ohana Zones.. Description: Increases the number of Ohana Zone sites. Includes private property owned by non-profit organizations under a public-private partnership as potential Ohana Zone locations. Requires additional information in the reports to the Legislature. Extends the time to implement the Ohana Zones Pilot Program. Appropriates funds. (SB1131 HD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Heeia State Park.. Description: Makes an appropriation for a Heeia State Park community-based long-range plan and planning and design of the education center for the Heeia National Estuarine Research Reserve System. Takes effect 12/31/2050. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Land Use Commission.. Description: Provides the Land Use Commission with the power to amend, revise, or modify a decision and order granting a district boundary amendment, or fine a petitioner, when there has been a finding by the Land Use Commission that a petitioner or its successors or assigns have not adhered to a representation made by the petitioner or a condition imposed by the commission, regardless of whether there has been substantial commencement of use of the land. Defines "substantial commencement". Effective 1/1/2020. (SD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Collective Bargaining.. Description: Expands the types of employee information government agencies are required to disclose, upon written request, to employees' exclusive representatives. Requires that information regarding new hire employees be provided to the appropriate exclusive representatives within one payroll period. (SB1143 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Agriculture.. Description: Appropriates funds to establish a foreign agriculture small equipment pilot program to identify efficient agriculture equipment and retrofit engines to meet the United States Environmental Protection Agency's emissions standards for small engines. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Department Of Agriculture.. Description: Appropriates funds to the Department of Agriculture for feral pig control. (SB1150 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Department Of Agriculture Loans.. Description: Increases the amount of state funds that the Chairperson of the Board of Agriculture may approve for any agricultural and aquacultural loan. (SB1151 HD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To School Supplies.. Description: Establishes a general excise tax holiday for consumers and businesses for school supplies sold during the weekend beginning with the last Friday in July; provided that businesses pass the savings on to consumers. (SB1158 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Transportation Network Companies.. Description: Establishes rules, regulations, and permitting procedures for transportation network companies operating in the State. Makes permanent insurance requirements for transportation network companies and transportation network company drivers. (SD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Renewable Energy.. Description: Sunsets the renewable energy technologies income tax credit after 7/1/2045. (SB1163 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Agricultural Enterprises.. Description: Establishes a new Agricultural Enterprise Program within the Department of Agriculture to plan, design, construct, operate, manage, maintain, repair, demolish, and remove infrastructure on any lands under the jurisdiction of the Department, to support and promote agriculture. Establishes the Agricultural Enterprise Special Fund. Makes an appropriation. (SB1167 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Youth Services Programs.. Description: Permits individual vocational programs within the purview of the Office of Youth Services to engage in commercial enterprises, including the sale of goods and services, for self-sustainability purposes. Establishes the Office of Youth Services Revolving Fund. Appropriates funds. (SB1230 HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Hawaii Criminal Justice Data Center Fees.. Description: Provides authority for the Hawaii Criminal Justice Data Center to set and collect reasonable and necessary fees for services provided and repeals specified fees. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Covered Offender Registration.. Description: Repeals provision that allows persons designated as covered offenders in another state or jurisdiction to petition the Attorney General for termination of registration requirements upon demonstrating that the out of state convictions are not covered offenses in the State of Hawaii. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Affordable Housing Projects In Community Development Districts.. Description: Requires eligible affordable housing projects in community development districts to engage in formal consultation with the Hawaii Community Development Authority. (SB1187 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Leasehold Condominiums On Lands Controlled By The State.. Description: Authorizes HHFDC to enter into 99-year leases for residential condominium units developed on state lands. Exempts certain land from the definition of public land. Subjects certain land to the legislative approval requirement for the sale or gift of the lands. (SB1190 HD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Public Employment Cost Items.. Description: Appropriates funds for fiscal biennium 2019-2021 for collective bargaining cost items, salary increases, and other cost adjustments for collective bargaining unit (1) and their excluded counterparts. (SB1191 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Public Employment Cost Items.. Description: Appropriates funds for fiscal biennium 2019-2021 for collective bargaining cost items, salary increases, and other cost adjustments for collective bargaining unit (3) and their excluded counterparts. (SB1193 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Public Employment Cost Items.. Description: Appropriates funds for fiscal biennium 2019-2021 for collective bargaining cost items, salary increases, and other cost adjustments for collective bargaining unit (4) and their excluded counterparts. (SB1194 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Public Employment Cost Items.. Description: Appropriates funds for fiscal biennium 2019-2021 for collective bargaining cost items, salary increases, and other cost adjustments for collective bargaining unit (6) and their excluded counterparts. (SB1196 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Public Employment Cost Items.. Description: Appropriates funds for fiscal biennium 2019-2021 for collective bargaining cost items, salary increases, and other cost adjustments for collective bargaining unit (8) and their excluded counterparts. (SB1198 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Public Employment Cost Items.. Description: Appropriates funds for fiscal biennium 2019-2021 for collective bargaining cost items, salary increases, and other cost adjustments for collective bargaining unit (9) and their excluded counterparts. (SB1199 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Public Employment Cost Items.. Description: Appropriates funds for fiscal biennium 2019-2021 for collective bargaining cost items, salary increases, and other cost adjustments for collective bargaining unit (10) and their excluded counterparts. (SB1200 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Public Employment Cost Items.. Description: Appropriates funds for fiscal biennium 2019-2021 for collective bargaining cost items, salary increases, and other cost adjustments for collective bargaining unit (13) and their excluded counterparts. (SB1202 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Public Employment Cost Items.. Description: Appropriates funds for fiscal biennium 2019-2021 for collective bargaining cost items, salary increases, and other cost adjustments for collective bargaining unit (14) and their excluded counterparts. (SB1203 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To General Obligation Bond Premiums.. Description: Amends section 39-6, Hawaii Revised Statutes, to authorize premiums received from the sale of general obligation bonds to be used for eligible capital expenditures pursuant to section 39-2, Hawaii Revised Statutes. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Early Childhood Education.. Description: Prohibits the suspension and expulsion of children participating in the Executive Office on Early Learning Public Prekindergarten Program. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Hawaii Public Housing Authority.. Description: Excludes lands set aside by the governor to the Hawaii Public Housing Authority and lands to which the Hawaii Public Housing Authority holds title from the definition of "public lands" in section 171-2, Hawaii Revised Statutes, provided that the lands are not sold in fee simple. Requires legislative approval of the sale of lands to which the Hawaii Public Housing Authority holds title. Takes effect on 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Poverty.. Description: Requires the Department of Human Services to use an integrated and multigenerational approach to delivering human services to reduce the incidence of intergenerational poverty and dependence on public benefits. (SB1227 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Solid Waste Disposal Goals.. Description: Amends DOH's solid waste management goals by repealing outdated goals, reducing solid waste stream prior to disposal by seventy per cent by January 1, 2030, and establishing a goal of source reduction of fifty per cent by 2030. (SB1242 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Newborn Hearing Screening.. Description: Amends the State newborn hearing screening program to mandate reporting of diagnostic audiologic evaluation results, improve hearing follow-up of infants, and update definitions and terminology. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Sale Of Tobacco Products.. Description: Establishes a schedule of penalties for employees and holders of retail tobacco permits or persons registered to sell electronic cigarette smoking devices who illegally sell tobacco products and electronic smoking devices to persons under 21. (SB1244 HD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Lease Extensions On Public Land.. Description: Authorizes the BLNR to extend the rental period or term of leases of public lands for commercial or industrial use upon approval of a proposed development agreement to make substantial improvements to the existing improvements as long as the length of any extension granted does not extend the original lease term by more than 40 years. Establishes causes of economic hardship for which BLNR may modify or eliminate any of the existing statutory restrictions, extend or modify the rental period, or extend the term of these leases and amends the conditions for BLNR's approval of any modification, elimination, or extension. Repeals on           . Takes effect 12/31/2050. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Rentals For Public Land Leases.. Description: Authorizes the Board of Land and Natural Resources to approve rental reductions or waivers for lease rentals on public lands that require substantial demolition or infrastructure improvement costs in order for the lessee to utilize the premises. Takes effect 12/31/2050. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Penalties For Violations On Certain State Lands.. Description: Decriminalizes traffic infractions within natural area reserves, game management areas, wildlife sanctuaries, and public hunting areas. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Endangered Species Trust Fund.. Description: Expands the type of revenue that can be deposited into the Endangered Species Trust Fund. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Forest Stewardship.. Description: Clarifies the purpose of and inclusion of privately managed forests in the forest stewardship program and the conditions that must be met by applicants to receive funds under the program. Increases maximum payments from the forest stewardship fund available to landowners for assistance in developing and implementing an approved management plan. Effective 12/31/2050. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Certain Penalties For Violations Of Subtitle 4.. Description: Amends fines for destroying or harvesting trees or tree products, including koa, on state forest reserves lands to an amount up to $10,000 or three times the market value at the time and place of the violation for each tree, whichever is greater, in addition to any costs associated with restoration or replacement of the habitat and damages to public land or natural resources, or any combination thereof. Clarifies that any person violating any provision of part II (Forest Reserves) of chapter 183, Hawaii Revised Statutes, or any rule adopted pursuant thereto, other than section 183-17, Hawaii Revised Statutes, shall be guilty of a petty misdemeanor. Decriminalizes traffic infractions within forest reserves and sets fine amounts. Repeals the general penalty provision of section 183-4, Hawaii Revised Statutes. Takes effect 12/31/2050. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Use Permits For Small Boat Harbor Facilities.. Description: Amends the various fees the Department of Land and Natural Resources may charge for the usage of state small boat harbors. Amends the manner in which those fees are applied. (SB1257 HD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To State Boating Facilities.. Description: Allows the Board of Land and Natural Resources (Board) to lease any existing state boating facility in its entirety, and fast lands and submerged lands within any existing state boating facility, by public auction, request for proposals, or direct negotiation for private development, management, and operation after making a finding that the lessee has met certain community involvement requirements. Clarifies that legislative approval is not required to award a lease. Repeals fast lands and submerged lands lease requirements specific to Ala Wai Boat Harbor. Takes effect on 12/31/2050. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Mandatory Vessel Insurance Coverage.. Description: Requires owners of vessels originally manufactured at a length of 26 feet or more, or less than 26 feet if the vessel is grounded, who are required to be registered with the State or required to be documented by the United States Coast Guard, to obtain marine insurance. Specifies the type and minimum amount of marine insurance coverage required. Allows the Department of Land and Natural Resources to exempt certain transient vessels from the marine insurance requirement, under certain conditions. Authorizes the Department to adopt administrative rules concerning marine insurance. Takes effect 12/31/2050. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Interstate Wildlife Violator Compact.. Description: Authorizes the Department of Land and Natural Resources to enter into the Interstate Wildlife Violator Compact or similar agreement for mutual assistance in the enforcement of wildlife laws. (SD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Making An Emergency Appropriation To The Department Of Public Safety.. Description: Makes an emergency appropriation to provide funds for the Department of Public Safety to pay for the temporary housing of 248 inmates at a non-state facility for the remaining six months of fiscal year 2019, during work on capital improvements to the Halawa Correctional Facility, under DAGS Job No. Job No. 12-27-5644  security electronics and hardware repairs and improvements.
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Tax Reporting.. Description: Revises the manner in which persons authorized to collect rent provide information to the Department of Taxation and requires (as opposed to permits) them to report the total amount of rent collected under sections 237-30.5 and 237D-8.5, Hawaii Revised Statutes. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Department Of Taxation Fees.. Description: Changes the fees for certain permits and licenses issued pursuant to chapters 243, 244D and 245, Hawaii Revised Statutes, from specified amounts to reasonable fees to be established by Department of Taxation rule. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Taxation.. Description: Makes various technical amendments to chapters 231, 243, 244D, and 245, Hawaii Revised Statutes. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Motor Carrier Vehicle Safety Inspections.. Description: Expands the authority of the Director of Transportation over required motor carrier vehicle inspections. Authorizes the Director of Transportation to adopt administrative rules related to fees. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Motor Vehicle Registration.. Description: Amends the law relating to registration renewals and initial registrations of motor carrier vehicles of any motor carrier who has an outstanding federal out-of-service order. Adds a definition for "out-of-service order". (SB1277 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Courts.. Description: Raises the district courts' jurisdictional limit for civil actions involving specific performance. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To State Planning.. Description: Includes objectives and policies and implementation guidelines for planning for the lei of green in the Hawaii State Planning Act. Appropriates funds for costs associated with researching, compiling, and submitting the status report on the lei of green policy, including (1.0) FTE temporary planner position within the Office of Planning. Effective 12/31/2050. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Rooftop Solar Installation.. Description: Prohibits the issuance of building permits beginning on January 1, 2022, for new single-family dwellings, except for households with one hundred per cent or less of the area median income, that are part of a development of twenty or more dwellings and do not include a rooftop solar energy generation system, unless a variance is granted. Takes effect on 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Alternative Energy Research And Development Fund.. Description: Appropriates funds into and out of the Alternative Energy Research and Development Revolving Fund for the Hawaii Technology Development Corporation to provide grants. (SB1291 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To A Mutual Assistance Agreement.. Description: Authorizes the State to enter into a mutual assistance agreement with an out-of-state utility or other energy provider in order to restore power and utility service to the State, without regard to any regulatory law, in times of an emergency or natural disaster. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Kahoolawe Island Reserve Commission.. Description: Appropriates funds to the Department of Land and Natural Resources for support of the Kahoolawe Island Reserve Commission, including two full-time equivalent (2.0 FTE) permanent positions. Takes effect 12/31/2050. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Motor Vehicles.. Description: Requires an application for motor vehicle registration to include additional identifying information. Requires the counties to fine the legal or registered owner of an abandoned or derelict vehicle. Requires the legal or registered owner to have up-to-date motor vehicle registration and motor vehicle insurance prior to repossession of the abandoned vehicle. (SB1297 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Making An Appropriation For The Department Of Education To Study The Feasibility Of Combining The Resources And Organization Of The Department Of Accounting And General Services With The Department Of Education On The Islands Of Kauai, Maui, Molokai, Lanai, And Hawaii Island.. Description: Appropriates funds for the Department of Education to determine the feasibility of combining the resources and organization of the Department of Accounting and General Services with the Department of Education on the islands of Kauai, Maui, Molokai, Lanai, and Hawaii island. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Individual Housing Accounts.. Description: Establishes the individual housing accounts savings program, board, and administrative fund. Imposes a ten per cent penalty on certain distributions. Allows individual housing accounts for dependent children. Expands authorized uses of individual housing accounts. Appropriates funds. (SB1310 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Appliance Efficiency Standards.. Description: Establishes state appliance efficiency standards. (SB1323 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Prescription Drugs.. Description: Requires that if a proposed increase in the wholesale price of certain drugs would result in a 16% or more price increase over a 2year period, the drug manufacturer shall notify various drug insurance providers.
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Salary Of The Public Utilities Commissioners.. Description: Aligns the salary of the Public Utilities Commission chair with the highest pay tier of the First Deputy Attorney General. Aligns the salary of the other Public Utilities Commission commissioners with the lowest pay tier of the First Deputy Attorney General. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Procurement.. Description: Requires that past performance be considered in the bid selection of contractors for certain contracts. Requires procurement officers to consider past performance and conduct past performance evaluations and keep a record of the evaluations. Establishes an initial procurement working group to evaluate and make recommendations to the Legislature about the effectiveness of existing procurement methods. Appropriates funds. (SB1333 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Real Property Transactions.. Description: Requires a vulnerable coastal property purchaser statement to be executed by the purchaser or transferee with the sale or transfer of vulnerable coastal real estate. Takes effect 12/31/2050. (SD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Real Property Transactions.. Description: Requires that mandatory seller disclosures in real estate transactions include identification of residential real properties lying within the sea level rise exposure area as officially designated by the Hawaii Climate Change Mitigation and Adaptation Commission, subject to the availability of county maps designating the areas by tax map key. Effective 12/31/2050. (SD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Selective Service.. Description: Requires compliance with the federal Military Selective Service Act to be eligible for enrollment in a state-supported post-secondary institution, qualify for state financial assistance for post-secondary education, or be eligible for state or county employment or service. Provides exceptions. (SB1343 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Debt.. Description: Prohibits the imposition of restrictions on a person's ability to obtain or renew a driver's license or to register, renew the registration of, or transfer or receive title to a motor vehicle, as a consequence of unpaid monetary obligations. Does not affect driver's license suspensions related to excessive speeding, lack of motor vehicle insurance, or non-compliance with a child support order. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Weed And Seed Strategy.. Description: Appropriates funds to the Department of the Attorney General as a grant for Weed and Seed Hawaii, Inc., to maintain the weed and seed strategy, a collaborative effort to prevent crime and rebuild communities in targeted areas. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Hemp.. Description: Authorizes the Department of Agriculture to allow temporary inspectors to perform industrial hemp inspections and to deposit fees from inspections into the Certification Services Revolving Fund. Authorizes the Department of Agriculture to adopt an alternative method of sampling industrial hemp plants. (SB1351 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Agribusiness Development Corporation.. Description: Requires the Auditor to conduct a financial and management audit of the Agribusiness Development Corporation. Appropriates funds. (SB1359 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Conveyance Tax.. Description: Raises the conveyance tax rates for residential investment properties with a value of at least $2,000,000. Exempts affordable housing qualified by the Hawaii Housing Finance and Development Corporation from the conveyance tax. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Increasing The Office Of Hawaiian Affairs' Pro Rata Share Of Public Land Trust Funds.. Description: Establishes $          as the Office of Hawaiian Affairs' pro rata share of the public land trust. Transfers $          less certain funds to the Office of Hawaiian Affairs for underpayment of the public land trust funds for 7/1/2012 to 6/30/2019. Requires the Director of Finance to make up the difference between a specified minimum amount and an amount of public land trust receipts from an agency to the Office of Hawaiian Affairs by transferring the difference into the carry-forward trust holding account. Requires the Department of Land and Natural Resources to provide an annual accounting of receipts from lands described in section 5(f) of the Admission Act. Establishes a committee to recommend the annual amount of the income and proceeds from the public land trust that the Office of Hawaiian Affairs shall receive annually. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Collective Bargaining.. Description: Establishes a collective bargaining unit for graduate student assistants employed by the University of Hawaii. Takes effect on 1/1/2051. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Cesspools.. Description: Establishes a grant program to assist lessees on Hawaiian home lands with cesspool upgrade, conversion, or connection costs. Establishes that a recipient of a cesspool upgrade grant shall not be eligible for the cesspool upgrade, conversion, or connection income tax credit and vice versa. Appropriates moneys for the grant program. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Lay Nets.. Description: Prohibits the abandonment of lay nets used for fishing. Authorizes DLNR to issue permits for the use and possession of lay nets. Requires DLNR to establish a comprehensive, statewide lay net education and enforcement program. (SB1371 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Hawaii Retirement Savings Program.. Description: Establishes a Hawaii Retirement Savings Program for private sector employees. Establishes the Hawaii Retirement Savings Program Administrative Fund. Requires the Department of Budget and Finance to prepare an annual report detailing the Department's activities for the previous fiscal year to the Governor and Legislature. Appropriates funds. Exempts employers if they offered a qualified retirement plan to some or all of its employees within the last five years. (SB1374 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Sustainability.. Description: Requires the Office of Planning to update the Hawaii 2050 Sustainability Plan and submit the updated plan to the Legislature prior to the Regular Session of 2021 and every 10th session thereafter, using the goal and priority guidelines of the State Plan and the Hawaii Climate Change Mitigation and Adaptation Initiative as guiding principles. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Legislative Broadcast Program.. Description: Requires both chambers of the legislature to establish rules for livestreaming public hearings and informational briefings at the State Capitol to the public through audiovisual technology. Appropriates moneys. Requires the legislative broadcast program to make an audio or audiovisual recording of all public hearings and informational briefings held at the State Capitol and maintain an archive of the recordings to be made available to the public. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Board Of Health.. Description: Abolishes the board of health.
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Kaneohe Bay Regional Council.. Description: Requires the Department of Land and Natural Resources to provide administrative support to the Kaneohe Bay regional council. Requires that the chairperson be selected by the members on an annual and rotating basis. Requires the council to meet quarterly. Appropriates moneys to the Department for a 0.5 FTE staff position to assist the council during meetings. Effective 12/31/2050. (SD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Transit-oriented Development Zones.. Description: Authorizes the Hawaii Housing Finance and Development Corporation, at the request of the Hawaii Community Development Authority (HCDA), to establish and operate transit-oriented development infrastructure improvement zone subaccounts within the dwelling unit revolving fund for the benefit of infrastructure improvement projects within a transit-oriented development infrastructure improvement zone. Requires HCDA to develop a transit-oriented development infrastructure improvement zone program to foster infrastructure development by strategically investing in public facilities. Appropriates funds to HCDA for staff necessary to develop and manage the transit-oriented development infrastructure improvement zone program. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Housing.. Description: Appropriates funds for the State Rent Supplement Program. (SB1395 HD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Pharmacy Benefit Managers.. Description: Provides that a pharmacy benefit manager may not prohibit the sharing of an insured individual's cost share for a prescription drug and clinical efficacy of a more affordable alternative drug and prevents penalization of a pharmacy or pharmacist for sharing such information. (SB1401 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Marine Life Conservation Districts.. Description: Prohibits the issuance of more than 40 access permits for any marine life conservation district not accessible by land. Limits access to the district to no more than 50% of permit holders. Effective 12/31/2050. (SD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Emergency Services.. Description: Appropriates funds to expand the Kau Rural Health Clinic to improve access to urgent care and outpatient behavioral health services. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The University Of Hawaii.. Description: Requires the University of Hawaii to include as part of its capital improvement projects budget request, all long-term leases it enters into with the intent to purchase. (SB1419 HD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Law Enforcement.. Description: Specifies that police officers have the discretion to issue citations, in lieu of making a lawful arrest without warrant, for nonviolent class C felonies, misdemeanors, petty misdemeanors, and violations, subject to certain findings by the officer. (SB1422 HD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Transportation.. Description: Appropriates funds to the Department of Transportation for operations and staff positions to increase hours of operation of the Kuhio Highway contraflow on Kauai. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The County Surcharge On State Tax.. Description: Authorizes any county with a population equal to or less than 500,000 that adopts a county surcharge on state tax ordinance to use the surcharges received from the State for infrastructure and public safety. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Renewable Energy Technologies Tax Credits.. Description: Establishes an income tax credit for commercial seawater air conditioning systems connecting to a seawater air conditioning district cooling system. Requires the Hawaii state energy office to certify tax credits. Applies to eligible seawater air conditioning systems that are placed into service on or after 12/31/2020. Makes tax credit inapplicable for taxable years after 12/31/2030. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Taxation.. Description: Extends the period in which a county may adopt an ordinance to establish a surcharge on state tax, under certain conditions, from 3/31/2019 to 12/31/2019. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Agriculture.. Description: Requires the Department of Agriculture to conduct a feasibility study on the establishment of agricultural technology zones, or ag-tech zones, within the City and County of Honolulu. Appropriates funds to conduct the feasibility study. (SB1436 HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Hawaii Technology Development Corporation.. Description: Prohibits a company from receiving a grant in consecutive years under the manufacturing development program. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To State Holidays.. Description: Recognizes La Kuokoa, Hawaiian Recognition Day, as an official state holiday. (SB1451 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Intoxicating Liquor.. Description: Requires any express carrier company, common or contract carrier, or other person that transports liquor from outside the State for delivery in the State to prepare and file a monthly report with the liquor commission or liquor control adjudication board of each county in which deliveries are made. (SB1460 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Science.. Description: Requires the Governor to enter into negotiations with the United States Department of Energy to establish a national laboratory in Hawaii. (SB1461 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Address Confidentiality.. Description: Appropriates funds for two full-time equivalent (2.0 FTE) positions, operating costs, and equipment to support the Attorney General's Hawaii Criminal Justice Data Center in administering the Address Confidentiality Program. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Taxation.. Description: Replaces the environmental response, energy, and food security tax with a carbon emissions tax. Repeals state fuel taxes under the fuel tax law. Requires the Department of Business, Economic Development, and Tourism to submit an annual report to the Legislature. Takes effect 7/1/2050; provided that repeal of the fuel tax credit for commercial fishers takes effect on 1/1/2051 and shall apply to taxable years beginning after 12/31/2019. (SD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Judicial Proceedings.. Description: Establishes certain positions in the Department of the Attorney General and Judiciary responsible for the preparation, filing, defense, and adjudication of assisted community treatment petitions, related guardianship petitions, and other legal filings. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Treatment Insurance Benefits.. Description: Requires health insurance policies and plan contracts to cover certain expenses related to petitions and hearings for persons obtaining assisted community treatment. Establishes task force to study assisted community treatment benefit costs. (SB1465 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Capital Improvement Projects For The County Of Maui.. Description: Authorizes the Director of Finance to issue general obligation bonds to finance the planning of the Wailuku-Kahului Transit Corridor Master Plan in the county of Maui. (SB1471 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Taxation.. Description: Increases the general excise tax and use tax by 0.5% to provide a dedicated funding source for the department of education and the University of Hawaii. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Wages.. Description: Determines the procedures for when the foreperson classification shall be recognized in Hawaii's Davis-Bacon Act and the requirements in the collective bargaining agreement be followed when the basic hourly rate is established by a collective bargaining agreement. (SB1475 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Department Of Land And Natural Resources.. Description: Appropriates funds for operating expenses of the Department of Land and Natural Resources. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Actions For Quiet Title.. Description: Authorizes the Office of Hawaiian Affairs to intervene upon official action of the board of trustees in any action to quiet title in which any portion of the land claimed by the plaintiff is kuleana land. Takes effect 3/15/2094. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Water Circulation.. Description: Requires the Department of Health to collaborate with various agencies to research and develop a plan for a mechanism for increased water circulation in Pokai Bay. Requires the Department of Health to report its activities to the legislature. Takes effect 12/31/2050. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Department Of Hawaiian Home Lands.. Description: Appropriates funds to the Department of Hawaiian Home Lands to implement the cesspool compliance grant program. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Chairperson Of The Hawaiian Homes Commission.. Description: Adds the chairperson of the Hawaiian Homes Commission or the chairperson's designee to serve as an ex officio, voting member of the Commission on Water Resource Management.
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Taxation.. Description: Requires a tax return preparer to have a valid preparer tax identification number issued by the Internal Revenue Service. Requires the tax return preparer to furnish the preparer's tax identification number on any return or claim for refund as required by the Department of Taxation. Establishes penalties. Applies to tax returns filed after 12/31/2019. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Harbors.. Description: Authorizes the department of transportation to make harbor facilities temporarily available as a harbor of safe refuge when the National Weather Service forecasts a tropical storm or hurricane strength cyclones, unless specifically prohibited by the United States Coast Guard Captain of the Port. Establishes a working group to create a plan of action for small vessels during a tropical storm or hurricane strength cyclones and to examine the feasibility of making harbor facilities temporarily available as a harbor of safe refuge to small vessels. Requires the working group to report to the legislature. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Economy.. Description: Appropriates funds to plan for and hold a 2020 Hawaii  Philippines sister city trade show and economic outlook symposium. Takes effect 1/1/2051. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Creative Media.. Description: Requires the University of Hawaii, West Oahu campus, to offer a bachelor's of arts degree in creative media. Requires the University of Hawaii system and board of regents to finalize the degree by no later than May 1, 2019. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Education.. Description: Establishes the Hawaii three to six out-of-school program for grades kindergarten through twelve. Authorizes the department of education to contract with private providers to furnish out-of-school programs for grades kindergarten through twelve, conducted during after-school hours, on weekends, and during inter-sessions on the premises of the private providers. Specifies that the Hawaii three to six out-of-school program special fund is to be administered by the department of education. Makes appropriations. (SB1515 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Taxation.. Description: Establishes reduced taxpayer penalties for nonpayments and underpayments that are due to reasonable cause. Allows a taxpayer to post a bond to avoid penalties and interest. Assesses interest on a deficiency in state income taxes paid caused by a change in the taxable income reported on the taxpayer's federal tax return. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Pharmacy Benefit Managers.. Description: Establishes contract, cost disclosure, reimbursement, appeals, and information protection requirements for pharmacy benefit managers that contract with small, independent, and isolated pharmacies. Establishes enforcement jurisdiction in the Department of Commerce and Consumer Affairs. (SB1521 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To School-based Health Services.. Description: Formally establishes the Hawaii Keiki: Healthy and Ready to Learn Program and Special Fund within the Department of Education. Appropriates funds for positions and a vision screening and eye assessment tool, and to implement, expand, and sustain the program. (SB1522 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Conservation Enforcement.. Description: Appropriates funds for one DLNRTip app administrator position, software upgrades, and app enhancements to improve the DLNRTip app. (SB1526 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Hawaii Energy And Climate Change Office.. Description: Establishes the Hawaii state energy office. Establishes the deputy director of energy. Ends funding for the Hawaii clean energy initiative from the energy security special fund. Increases the distribution of tax revenue to the energy systems development special fund. Appropriates funds from the general fund for the Hawaii state energy office. Takes effect 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Taxation.. Description: Establishes the tax advisory commission to advise the department of taxation in making the tax system more user-friendly for the taxpayer and private sector. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Consumer Protection.. Description: Prohibits ticket sellers from disclosing ticket purchasing information to any third party unless the ticket seller has received consent from the ticket purchaser. Prohibits ticket sellers from disclosing ticket purchasers' personally identifiable information. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Related To Bail Hearings.. Description: Codifies the right to a prompt bail hearing upon formal charge and detention. Establishes right to counsel at the bail hearing. (SB1539 HD1)
In 2019, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To An Appropriation For A Kunia Wells Iv Exploratory Well.. Description: Appropriates funds to the Department of Land and Natural Resources for the Board of Water Supply to offset the design and construction costs for one of four exploratory wells proposed by the Board of Water Supply for the proposed Kunia wells IV pump station to meet future potable water requirements for growth, including diversified agriculture. Effective 12/31/2050. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Voting.. Description: Requires that any person who is eligible to vote and applies for a new or renewal motor vehicle driver's license, provisional license, or instruction permit, or a new, renewal, or duplicate identification card be automatically registered to vote if that person is not already registered to vote unless the applicant affirmatively declines to be registered to vote. Authorizes access to and electronic transmission of databases maintained or operated by the counties or the department of transportation containing driver's license or identification card information to election officials and the statewide voter registration system. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Ranked Choice Voting.. Description: Establishes ranked choice voting for special federal elections and special elections of vacant county council seats. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Uniform Employee And Student Online Privacy Protection Act.. Description: Establishes The Uniform Employee and Student Online Privacy Protection Act that adopts uniform laws on protecting the online accounts of employees, prospective employees, unpaid interns, applicants, students, prospective students, and independent contractors from employers and educational institutions. Effective 1/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Time Shares.. Description: Requires that a plan manager or board of directors keep an accurate and current list of the names, mailing addresses, and electronic mail addresses of board members and time share owners association members. Requires the list of board members and association members to be made available to owners under certain terms and for reasonable costs. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Medical Care For Minors.. Description: Permits minors to consent to medical care related to the diagnosis or treatment of HIV or the prevention of HIV. Takes effect 8/1/2026. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Rental Discrimination.. Description: Prohibits discrimination, including in advertisements for available real property, based on participation in a housing assistance program, or requirements related to participation in housing assistance programs, in real estate transactions and requirements. Takes effect on 6/18/2050. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Administration Of Justice.. Description: Amends the effect of finding a defendant charged with a misdemeanor or petty misdemeanor not involving violence or attempted violence unfit to proceed. Amends the requirements for fitness determination hearings, court-appointed examiners, and examination reports. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Liquor Law Violations.. Description: Establishes enhanced penalties for multiple violations of the same liquor law by licensees in a county with a population of 500,000 or more under certain circumstances.
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Public Lands.. Description: Clarifies that lands set aside to the HHFDC by the governor or leased to the corporation by other state departments and agencies are excluded from the definition of "public lands" and require approval from the legislature upon disposition. Requires that lands set aside by the governor or leased to the HHFDC be returned to the public trust or to the leasing agency if the HHFDC is no longer needed by the HHFDC. Effective date 6/18/2050. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Housing.. Description: Restricts any county from disapproving or imposing certain conditions on a housing development project for housing or an emergency shelter unless the county meets certain requirements. Takes effect 8/26/2050. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Board Members.. Description: Authorizes, until June 30, 2021, boards to exclude the public from the meeting locations where board members are physically present if the board meetings are held by interactive conference technology during a state of emergency due to a contagious illness. Permits two or more members of a board to attend state of the city, state of the county, state of the State, or state of the judiciary addresses. Requires meetings held by interactive conference technology to recess, rather than terminate, when audio communication cannot be maintained and may reconvene only when audio communication is reestablished. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Leasehold Condominiums On State Land.. Description: Authorizes the Hawaii housing finance and development corporation, Hawaii community development authority, and Hawaii public housing authority to sell leasehold units in residential condominiums located on state lands. Takes effect 6/18/2050. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Penal Code.. Description: Requires the Judicial Council to conduct a comprehensive review of the Hawaii Penal Code and to recommend proposed changes. Requires the Judicial Council to appoint an advisory committee to assist in the review, and allows the Council to also appoint a reporter and other staff as necessary. Requires the advisory committee to report to the Legislature. Makes an appropriation. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Time Sharing.. Description: Amends the information required to be in a time share disclosure statement, under certain circumstances. Amends the information required to be on a developer registration renewal application. Expands the information developers are not required to include on a developer registration renewal application. Limits the copies of documents developers are required to submit in a developer registration renewal application. Requires developers to submit copies of supplementary plan documents of the time share plan. Allows for submission of certain document in electronic form. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Industrial Hemp Derived Products.. Description: Establishes a regulatory framework for products containing cannabidiol that were manufactured legally through approved government programs. Clarifies that these products are not considered adulterated food, beverage, or cosmetic products. Prohibits manufacturers from making health-related claims. Requires product labeling for the products to be legally allowed in the State. Exempts industrial hemp products that are generally recognized as safe by the Food and Drug Administration from the new regulatory framework. Effective 7/31/2150. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Littering.. Description: Increases the maximum civil penalty for littering from $500 to $1,000. Increases the maximum fine for the offense of criminal littering from $1,000 to $5,000.
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Loan Forgiveness For Early Childhood Education Professionals.. Description: Adds early childhood education teachers, including public charter school teachers, to the Hawaii educator loan program and allows the education loans of participants to be forgiven after 5 years of teaching. Establishes a cap on the total loan forgiveness. Exempts existing program loans. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/2/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Infrastructure Improvement Districts.. Description: Specifies that the cost of regional infrastructure improvements made by the Hawaii housing finance and development corporation may be assessed against transit-oriented development projects specifically benefiting from the improvements. Requires the Hawaii interagency council for transit-oriented development to review and make recommendations on applications for subaccount funds for infrastructure projects related to transit-oriented development. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Post-secondary Education.. Description: Requires the University of Hawaii to collaborate with the department of education; the department of business, economic development, and tourism; and others to develop an interactive web tool to enable degree-seeking individuals to make better-informed decisions regarding their post-secondary education and career choices. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/2051. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Education.. Description: Gives a preference to students who live within the service area of a school or who enrolled in the school the previous school year who apply for participation in a career and technical education program offered by that school. Establishes enrollment in a career and technical education program as a new exception to the requirement to attend school within the service area in which a student resides. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Corporate Dividends Received Deduction.. Description: Repeals the threshold requirements of the income tax deduction for dividends received. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Well Abandonment.. Description: Establishes an income tax credit for taxpayers who are required to fill and seal abandoned wells on their real property. Clarifies the definition of the term "abandoned well". Requires sellers of real property to disclose the existence of wells on the property. Effective 7/1/2050. Tax credit applies to taxable years beginning after 12/31/2020. Tax credit sunsets on an unspecified date. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii enrolled a bill titled: Relating To Coastal Zone Management.. Description: Amends coastal zone management laws to further protect against impacts of sea level rise and coastal erosion. (HD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Conservation.. Description: Establishes the no child left inside grant program for the awarding of grants promoting outdoor education and recreation programs. Establishes the no child left inside grant program special fund. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/2051. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To After-school Programs.. Description: Establishes the Hawaii after school program for youth within the Department of education to provide after school programs for public school and public charter school students in grades six through eight. Establishes the Hawaii after school program for youth special fund. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/2051. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Schools.. Description: Establishes a Workforce Readiness Program within the Department of Education to allow students to graduate from an extended high school enrollment with an industry-recognized associate's degree to complement the student's high school diploma. Appropriates moneys to develop and implement the program, including (2.0) FTE Educational Specialist II staff positions and (7.0) FTE District Office Teachers. Effective 7/1/2051. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The General Fund.. Description: Provides a tax credit to taxpayers and makes deposits to the emergency and budget reserve fund and other post-employment benefits trust fund pursuant to article VII, section 6, of the Hawaii Constitution. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Renewable Energy.. Description: Requires the governor; DBEDT; and Hawaii state energy office to develop a strategic plan that outlines benchmarks to help achieve the statutory renewable portfolio standard goals and zero emissions clean economy target. Requires the Hawaii state energy office to submit the strategic plan before the Regular Session of 2022. Requires the chief energy officer to convene an advisory group. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Historic Preservation Reviews.. Description: Allows the Office of Hawaiian Affairs consultation with State Historic Preservation Division to delegate to the impacted counties the responsibility for historic preservation project reviews, provided that certain requirements are met. Effective 6/18/2050. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Environment.. Description: Establishes a tree planting program in the State. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Office Of The Auditor.. Description: Requires departments to submit their annual reports concerning their non-general fund accounts to the Auditor in addition to the Legislature. Requires departments to include the status of implementing any recommendations made by the Auditor, and if no action has been taken, to detail the reasons why any recommendation has not been implemented in their annual reports submitted regarding their non-general fund accounts. Requires the Auditor to submit an annual compilation report for annual non-general fund account reports. Requires the Auditor to include, in its annual report to the Legislature on special, revolving, and trust funds, an update on fund recommendations made within the past 5 years that have not been implemented. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To State Buildings.. Description: Establishes a pilot project to purchase, install, and maintain emergency evacuation chairs in multi-story state buildings. Requires a report to the Legislature. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Public Lands.. Description: Designates the fourth Saturday in September of each year as Public Lands Day. Effective 7/1/51. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Invasive Plant Species Control.. Description: Requires and appropriates funds for the University of Hawaii College of Tropical Agriculture and Human Resources to develop or identify substitutes for invasive plant species that are routinely used in landscaping. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Taxation.. Description: Clarifies that the definition of "resident person" under the Hawaii Real Property Tax Act does not include foreign partnerships, foreign limited liability partnerships, foreign limited partnerships, or foreign limited liability companies. Effective 7/1/2050. Applies to real estate dispositions that occur on or after 1/1/2021. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Behavior Analysis.. Description: Appropriates funds to the department of education to provide public school and public charter school students with behavior analysis services. Requires the department to seek any necessary approvals from the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services to amend the state Medicaid plan to include applied behavior analysis services for eligible students who have been diagnosed with an autism spectrum disorder. Effective 7/1/2051. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Department Of Accounting And General Services.. Description: Requires the comptroller's annual report to the governor and the legislature to include a list of all accounts that were closed by the comptroller and a list of accounts that are still open but that are still open but serving a lapsed program or initiative during the immediately preceding fiscal year. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Judicial Enforcement Of The Uniform Information Practices Act.. Description: Clarifies and expands procedural requirements for judicial review of an agency's denial of access to a government record. Provides procedural requirements and standards of review upon appeal. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Taxation.. Description: Amends the important agricultural land qualified agricultural cost tax credit by changing the cap amounts of the tax credit to unspecified amounts. Changes to unspecified amounts the percentage of qualified agricultural costs that may be claimed as a credit. Extends by 9 years the time period that the Department of Agriculture may certify important agricultural lands qualified agricultural costs. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Food Safety.. Description: Appropriates funds to the Department of Business, Economic Development, and Tourism to provide education and support to local businesses regarding compliance with the federal Food and Drug Administration's industry guidance on colored sea salt. Requires private industry businesses to collectively pay 50% of the cost to conduct and submit to the federal Food and Drug Administration any research, studies, or analysis required for federal Food and Drug Administration approval of color additives used in Hawaii sea salt. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Irrigation.. Description: Transfers to the Department of Agriculture operational authority over portions of the East Kauai Irrigation System operated and maintained by the East Kauai Water Users' Cooperative as of 7/1/2020. Provides a conditional extension to acquire required permits. Establishes staffing positions. Authorizes general obligation bonds for a statewide irrigation system capital improvement project. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/2150. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Taxation.. Description: Amends the excise tax rate on large cigars. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Executive Office On Aging.. Description: Requires EOA and all agencies and non-profits that receive funding through EOA, including the kupuna care program and kupuna caregivers program, to establish infection control protocols, establish emergency preparedness and response protocols, and implement COVID-19 testing at long-term care facilities. Requires the EOA executive director to request an allocation of funds from the governor's emergency proclamation. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Special License Plates.. Description: Authorizes the issuance of special number electric vehicle license plates to commemorate the Polynesian Voyaging Society. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Public Safety.. Description: Requires the sellers of residential real property to provide smoke alarms in the building.
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Highway Safety.. Description: Authorizes the examiner of drivers to accept driver's license renewal applications from civilian employees and contractors of the federal Department of Defense more than six months prior to the date of expiration under certain conditions.
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Child Passenger Restraints.. Description: Amends requirements for child passengers. Requires rear facing child safety seats for children under two years of age. Raises certain fines for violations. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Children.. Description: Requires the court and the prosecution to take appropriate action to ensure a prompt trial to minimize the length of time a child sexual offense or child abuse victim must endure the proceedings. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Child Protective Act.. Description: Requires the family court to appoint counsel to indigent parents in foster care cases and make every effort to do so at the first hearing attended by the parent. Effective 12/31/2059. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Chairperson Of The Hawaiian Homes Commission.. Description: Adds the chairperson of the Hawaiian Homes Commission or the chairperson's designee to serve as ex officio, voting members of the Commission on Water Resource Management. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Exemption Of Certain Income From The State General Excise Tax.. Description: Clarifies the application of the general excise tax law to the unrelated business taxable income of nonprofit organizations. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To District Court Judges.. Description: Establishes 1 additional district court judgeship in the District Court of the Second Circuit. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Discretionary Transfers To The Supreme Court.. Description: Allows child custody appeals to be transferred from the Intermediate Court of Appeals to the Supreme Court, except in cases brought under the Child Protective Act.
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Elections.. Description: Authorizes election officials to establish additional voter service centers. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Room Confinement Of Children At Detention And Shelter Facilities.. Description: Establishes conditions and time limits in which a child may be placed in room confinement in a detention or shelter facility. Effective 12/31/2059. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Gift Certificates.. Description: Clarifies that certain county-issued cards and certificates are not subject to the State's unfair and deceptive practices regulations related to gift certificates.
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Felonies.. Description: Includes as a class C felony the offense of interference with the operation of a public transit vehicle, system, or service resulting in serious bodily injury or death. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Fire Protection.. Description: Requires the builders of new dwellings to provide buyers with information on the benefits and costs associated with installing and maintaining a residential fire sprinkler system. Requires the State Fire Council and the Executive Director of the Office of Consumer Protection to develop a standard form for this purpose. Effective 1/2/2050. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Fire Protection.. Description: Authorizes the State Fire Council to administer and expend funds from the reduced ignition propensity cigarette program special fund to support statewide fire prevention and safety programs. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii enrolled a bill titled: Relating To The State Fire Code.. Description: Requires the state fire code to be adopted pursuant to Hawaii's open meetings laws, and exempted from the public hearings laws, to be consistent with the process for adopting other Hawaii state building codes. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Fire Protection.. Description: Establishes an income tax credit for the installation of an automatic fire sprinkler system in any new 1- or 2-family dwelling in a structure used only for residential purposes. Effective 7/1/2050. Applies to taxable years beginning after 12/31/2020. Sunsets 6/30/2030. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Vacancies.. Description: Amends the deadline for candidates to withdraw in order to fill a state legislative vacancy. Amends filing deadlines for candidates attempting to fill vacant state senate seats. Effective retroactively to 6/17/2020. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Taxation.. Description: Extends the period in which a county may adopt a surcharge on state tax, under certain conditions, from 3/31/2019 to 6/30/2021.
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Employees' Retirement System.. Description: Allows departments more time to comply with new ERS reporting standards. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Reports Of Candidate Committees.. Description: Provides that candidate committees may reimburse the candidate or other individuals for expenditures made on the candidate's behalf.
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Orders Of The Campaign Spending Commission.. Description: Provides that the right to a contested case hearing is deemed waived if a person does not request a hearing within 30 days of receipt of the commission's preliminary determination. Permits an order of the commission to be confirmed as a judgment in the circuit court, giving the order the same force and effect as any other judgment issued by the circuit courts; provided that there shall be no appeal from the judgment. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Campaign Finance Reports.. Description: Clarifies that preliminary primary and preliminary general reports are due 10 days before the primary or general election.
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Campaign Contributions.. Description: Provides that excess contributions by nonresident contributors shall be returned to a nonresident contributor of the candidate's, candidate committee's, or noncandidate's choosing within 30 days or else escheat to the Hawaii election campaign fund. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Violations Of Campaign Finance Law.. Description: Increases the amount of the fine that may be assessed against a noncandidate committee making only independent expenditures that has received at least one contribution of more than $10,000, or spent more than $10,000 in an election period, for campaign spending law violations. Allows the Campaign Spending Commission to order that payment of a fine assessed against a noncandidate committee, or any portion thereof, be paid from the personal funds of an officer of the noncandidate committee. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Electioneering Communications.. Description: Applies the electioneering communication section only to noncandidate committees. Amends the definition of "disclosure date" to mean the date on which the electioneering communication is publicly distributed. Expands the definition of "electioneering communication" to apply to advertisements sent by any mail rate and communications regarding expenditures of the organization. Makes a conforming statutory amendment relating to the determination of the date by which a person is deemed to have made a campaign expenditure. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Disorderly Conduct.. Description: Amends the offense of disorderly conduct to include engaging in conduct with intent to convey false or misleading information.
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Offenses Against Property Rights.. Description: Establishes the offense of unauthorized control of propelled vehicle in the second degree, which applies if a person recklessly or negligently exerts unauthorized control over another's propelled vehicle by operating the vehicle without the owner's consent or by changing the identity of the vehicle without the owner's consent. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Theft In The Second Degree.. Description: Amends the offense of theft in the second degree to include theft of property commonly used to store items of personal or monetary value, including any purse, handbag, or wallet.
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Sea Level Rise.. Description: Requires the Hawaii Climate Change Mitigation and Adaptation Commission to consider and make specific recommendations on sea level rise policies. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Traffic Safety.. Description: Requires vehicles going less than the speed limit on a two-lane highway, behind which a certain number of vehicles are formed in a line, to pull over where possible to let the trailing vehicles proceed when passing is unsafe. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Department Of The Prosecuting Attorney.. Description: Appropriates funds as a grant-in-aid to the Department of the Prosecuting Attorney for the City and County of Honolulu for the Career Criminal Prosecution Unit. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Executive Pardons.. Description: Establishes an application and notification process for the consideration of executive pardons. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Sexual Assault.. Description: Amends the offenses of sexual assault in the first and third degree, when perpetrated against someone who is mentally defective, to remove the standard of proof regarding knowledge that the other person was mentally defective, as that term is defined in section 707-700, Hawaii Revised Statutes.
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Abuse Of A Family Or Household Member.. Description: Amends the penal code to add abuse of a family or household member to felonies that qualify for repeat offender sentencing.
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Definition Of Property.. Description: Updates the definition of "property" to expressly include intellectual property for purposes of prosecuting property crimes. Defines "intellectual property." (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Violation Of Privacy.. Description: Excludes violations of privacy in the first degree and certain violations of privacy in the second degree, from qualifying for deferred acceptance of a guilty plea or nolo contendere plea. Limits the government use of facial recognition systems, except in certain circumstances. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Sex Trafficking.. Description: Includes coercion as a means of committing the offense of sex trafficking. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii enrolled a bill titled: Relating To Wildlife Offenses.. Description: Provides that all animal parts, products, or items containing prohibited animal parts or products involved in the commission of wildlife trafficking or certain hunting offenses shall be considered contraband to be forfeited to and disposed of by the State. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To A Water Storage And Distribution System For Certain Agricultural Land In Wahiawa, Oahu.. Description: Authorizes the issuance of general obligation bonds for the purpose of funding construction costs of a water storage and distribution system on agricultural lands owned by the Office of Hawaiian Affairs in Wahiawa, Oahu surrounding the Kukaniloko Birthing Stones site. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Hawaiian Expertise In Land Use And Resource Management.. Description: Prohibits council, board, and commission members from serving if the member has not completed, within the requisite time, the required training course related to native Hawaiian and Hawaiian traditional and customary rights, native Hawaiian and Hawaiian natural resource protection and access rights, and the public trust, including the State's trust responsibility. Requires that at least one member each of the board of land and natural resources and the state land use commission be appointed from a list submitted by the office of Hawaiian affairs. Effective 6/18/2050. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii enrolled a bill titled: Relating To Employment Discrimination.. Description: Limits the convictions that may be used in employment decisions, from all convictions in the most recent ten years, to felony convictions that occurred in the most recent seven years and misdemeanor convictions that occurred in the most recent five years. (HD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Important Housing Lands.. Description: Establishes procedures for the identification and designation of important housing lands. Defines important housing lands as public lands owned by the State that are located within 1.0 mile of any rail mass transit station and needed to promote the development of homes priced below market rates for Hawaii residents who are owner-occupants and own no other real property. Requires the State and counties to identify and designate important housing lands. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii enrolled a bill titled: Relating To Homelessness.. Description: Authorizes the Board of Land and Natural Resources to issue revocable month-to-month temporary permits for the temporary emergency sheltering of and facilities for homeless persons on state lands, under certain conditions. Repeals 90 days after the last day of the disaster emergency relief period specified in the Governor's final Supplementary Proclamation relating to the COVID-19 emergency, irrespective of any separate proclamation terminating the disaster emergency relief period in the Governor's final Supplementary Proclamation relating to the COVID-19 emergency. (HD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Inclusionary Zoning.. Description: Prohibits any law, ordinance, or rule from imposing an inclusionary zoning requirement on housing offered exclusively for sale in perpetuity to buyers who are residents of the State, are owner-occupants, and do not own any other real property. Requires each county to submit a report on inclusionary zoning requirements to the legislature every year until the regular session of 2025. Effective 6/18/2050 and repeals on 7/1/2025. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Housing.. Description: Requires state or county agencies to issue discretionary permits for housing development projects that meet certain requirements within sixty days of receipt of a permit application deemed to be complete by the receiving state or county agency. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Taxation.. Description: Establishes an empty homes conveyance tax against certain residential property owners who own a vacant residential unit in the State. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Health.. Description: Authorizes the issuance of general obligation bonds and appropriates moneys to finance structural improvements for Maui Memorial Medical Center. Requires matching private funds. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Electronic Smoking Products.. Description: Establishes the offense of unlawful shipment of tobacco products. Includes e-liquid and electronic smoking devices within the definition of "tobacco products", as used in the cigarette tax and tobacco tax law. Increases the license fee for persons engaged as a wholesaler or dealer of cigarettes and tobacco products. Increases the retail tobacco permit fee for retailers engaged in the retail sale of cigarettes and tobacco products. Allocates a portion of funds collected on excise taxes on tobacco products to fund health education, prevention, and nicotine cessation programs for youth, regarding the risks and dangers of the use of electronic smoking devices. Repeals certain statutory provisions relating to electronic smoking devices. Effective 6/18/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Flavored Products For Electronic Smoking Devices.. Description: Establishes the offense of unlawful shipment of e-liquid products. Beginning July 1, 2020, prohibits the sale of flavored products for electronic smoking devices, the mislabeling of e-liquid products containing nicotine, and the sale of tobacco products other than through retail sales via a direct, in-person exchange between a retailer and consumer. Establishes penalties. Includes e-liquid and electronic smoking devices containing e-liquid within the definition of "tobacco products", as used in the cigarette tax and tobacco tax law. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Commercial Motor Vehicles.. Description: Requires the examiner of drivers to disqualify any person from driving a commercial motor vehicle for life if that person uses a commercial motor vehicle in the commission of a felony involving an act or practice of severe forms of trafficking in persons. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Use Of Intoxicants While Operating A Vehicle.. Description: Lowers the threshold blood alcohol concentration for the offense of operating a vehicle while under the influence of an intoxicant.
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Use Of Intoxicants While Operating A Vehicle.. Description: Establishes a state drug and alcohol toxicology testing laboratory special fund, to be administered by the Department of Health. Deposits fines for repeat offenders, habitual offenders, and offenders who operate a vehicle after license and privilege have been suspended or revoked for operating a vehicle under the influence of an intoxicant into the special fund. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Intoxicating Liquor.. Description: Requires the liquor commission to record all complaints against any licensee, regardless of whether the complaint is filed during or after the occurrence of the violation. Requires the liquor commission to review the history of complaints against any applicant at the time of application for a new license or renewal of an existing license. Takes effect 6/18/2050. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Hawaii Civil Rights Commission.. Description: Clarifies the meaning of "program or activity receiving state financial assistance". Excludes cases within the scope of the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act from the jurisdiction of the Hawaii civil rights commission.
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Historic Preservation.. Description: Makes it a civil and administrative violation for any person to knowingly and intentionally engage in certain archaeological activities without obtaining the required permission or approval from the department of land and natural resources, use explosives in land development or alteration activities subject to historic review, and violate or fail to carry out any agreed upon mitigation condition or commitment. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Collective Bargaining.. Description: Amends bargaining unit (14). Retains state law enforcement officers under bargaining unit (14). Creates a separate bargaining unit (15) for state and county ocean safety and water safety officers.
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Teacher Rental Housing.. Description: Authorizes the Hawaii Public Housing Authority and Hawaii Housing Finance and Development Corporation to provide rental housing projects for teachers employed by the Department of Education and public charter schools. Appropriates funds for the Hawaii Public Housing Authority. Appropriates funds for deposit into the dwelling unit revolving fund. Requires the Department of Education to lease land and contract with private entities for the development, management, maintenance, or revitalization of teacher housing. Permits a project owner to lease teacher housing to other eligible tenants if occupancy of teacher housing falls below 95%. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Teacher Recruitment.. Description: Authorizes the Department of Education to provide incentives to enhance the recruitment and retention of public school and early education teachers. Authorizes the State Public Charter School Commission to provide incentives to enhance the recruitment and retention of public charter school teachers. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Education.. Description: Amends the minimum qualifications for nominees to the State Public Charter School Commission to require residency in the State. Provides that commission members may be reimbursed for necessary and reasonable travel expenses incurred in the conduct of official commission business.
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Schools.. Description: Establishes a workforce readiness diploma program within the department of education's community school for adults program or adult education program. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/2051. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii enrolled a bill titled: Relating To Civil Identification Cards.. Description: Repeals the minimum age requirement to obtain a civil identification card in the State.
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Taxation.. Description: Provides an income tax exclusion for certain public school teachers. Defines eligible teachers as full-time school teachers, special education teachers, school librarians, and school counselors employed by the Department of Education or a charter school. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii enrolled a bill titled: Relating To The Hawaii Teacher Standards Board.. Description: Amends the powers and duties of the Hawaii teacher standards board to authorize the issuance of certificates for teachers at private schools and extending the expiration dates for licenses, permits, and certificates when a state of emergency is declared under section 127A-14, Hawaii Revised Statutes. Allows the department of education and charter schools to employ emergency hires for more than three years if authorized by the Hawaii teacher standards board. (HD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Education.. Description: Broadens the scope of profit-making operations students can engage in at schools to include commercial enterprises. Allows students to receive either school credit or compensation when they engage in profit-making operations. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To School Lunch Reform.. Description: Increases the number of days by which students must apply for free or reduced lunch and replenish the student's meal fund. Prohibits serving an alternative meal to students solely for failure to pay within thirty days of the first semester of a school year or thirty days after the student's meal fund account reaches a zero or negative balance. Prohibits a school from publicly identifying or stigmatizing a student who is unable to pay for a school meal. Requires the department of education to use moneys from the special school lunch fund to provide school meals. Appropriates funds into and out of the special school lunch fund. Requires the department of education to report to the Legislature regarding the number of students who are denied meals based on the inability to pay. Effective 7/1/2051. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Hawaiian Homelands.. Description: Establishes the micro enterprise assistance program on Hawaiian home lands revolving fund to provide grants and loans through the implementation by the Department of Hawaiian Home Lands of the micro enterprise assistance program to qualified native Hawaiians, native Hawaiian-controlled homestead associations, homestead association community development corporations, and Native Hawaiian community organizations with a demonstrated ability and history of making and administering loans and providing support to qualified native Hawaiians. Authorizes the Department of Hawaiian Home Lands to enter into a memorandum of agreement with the Department of Business, Economic Development, and Tourism to implement the program. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/2051. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Sex Offenders.. Description: Prohibits a sex offender from residing within two thousand feet of the sex offender's former victim or the victim's immediate family members. Requires the covered offender to receive approval from the Attorney General prior to a change in address. Takes effect 8/26/2050. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Divorce.. Description: Grants exclusive original jurisdiction in matters of divorce to the family court of the circuit in which an applicant is domiciled at the time the application is filed. Repeals the requirement that a person be domiciled or physically present in the State for a continuous period of at least six months before completing a divorce. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Safety Equipment.. Description: Requires Department of Education school football programs to ensure that each non-new football and privately purchased football helmet and other safety equipment used in a football program is reconditioned and recertified at least once every two years. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Time Sharing.. Description: Provides purchasers of time shares with rescission rights if there is a material change to the information contained in the disclosure statement. Requires developers to provide notice to the purchaser regarding any pertinent or material change made to the disclosure statement. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii enrolled a bill titled: Relating To Notarial Acts.. Description: Updates the laws regarding notaries public to conform to the Revised Uniform Law on Notarial Acts (2018), the Hawaii Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, other state notary laws, and current notary practices. Effective 1/1/2021. (HD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Prescription Drugs.. Description: Requires drug manufacturers to notify the insurance commissioner, prescription drug benefit plans, and pharmacy benefit managers if a proposed increase in the wholesale price of certain drugs would result in a           per cent or more price increase over a twoyear period. Requires the drug manufacturer to identify and report to the insurance commissioner information on certain drugs whose wholesale acquisition cost increases by a certain amount during a specified time frame. Requires the insurance commissioner to post price information on the Department of Commerce and Consumer Affair's website. Imposes fines. Effective 1/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Health Insurance.. Description: Prohibits nonparticipating health care providers from balance billing patients in specific circumstances. Establishes rate calculation requirements for reimbursement of nonparticipating providers. Requires the insurance commissioner to refer certain disputes between insurers and non-participating providers to an independent dispute resolution entity for binding arbitration. Repeals 1/2/2025. Effective 1/2/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Affordable Housing.. Description: Extends the deadline for the Hawaii Housing Finance and Development Corporation to exercise its power of eminent domain to acquire the Front Street Apartments affordable housing project on Maui unless the ground lease is renegotiated or a new ground lease is issued. Amends the appropriation of rental housing revolving funds for the Lealii affordable housing project to an unspecified amount. Extends the deadline to obtain land use approvals for the Lealii affordable housing project on Maui. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Pharmacy Benefit Managers.. Description: Prohibits certain contracts for managed care entered into after June 30, 2020, from containing a provision that authorizes a pharmacy benefit manager to reimburse a contracting pharmacy on a maximum allowable cost basis, and voids any such provisions in existing managed care contracts. Prohibits pharmacy benefit managers from engaging in self-serving or deceptive business practices. Prohibits pharmacy benefit managers from engaging in unfair methods of competition or unfair practices. Prohibits pharmacy benefit managers from retaining any portion of spread pricing. Prohibits a pharmacy benefit manager from reimbursing a 340B pharmacy differently than any other network pharmacy. Prohibits a pharmacy benefit manager from reimbursing an independent or rural pharmacy an amount less than the rural rate for each drug under certain circumstances. Prohibits a pharmacy benefit manager from prohibiting a pharmacist to provide certain information to insureds. Increases pharmacy benefit managers' annual reporting requirements. Requires the insurance commissioner to file annual reports with the legislature. Increases pharmacy benefit manager registration and renewal fees. Makes certain violations of pharmacy benefit managers subject to the penalties provided in chapter 480 and chapter 481, Hawaii Revised Statutes. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Behavior Analysts.. Description: Makes permanent the regulation of behavior analysts. Exempts the behavior analysts licensing program from the auditor's sunset evaluation requirement. (HD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Agriculture.. Description: Establishes the agricultural enforcement program and agricultural enforcement special fund within the Department of Agriculture. Authorizes the Board of Agriculture and agricultural enforcement officers to exercise police powers. Extends to the agricultural enforcement program the applicability of certain statutory provisions relating to the law enforcement officer independent review board; possession of electric guns; the law enforcement standards board; emergency vehicles; and worker's compensation for volunteer emergency response personnel. Authorizes the use of funds in the agricultural development and food security special fund for protection of agricultural resources. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Health Care Insurance.. Description: Prohibits a health care insurer, mutual benefit society, or health maintenance organization from requiring an insured, subscriber, member, or enrollee diagnosed with stage two through stage four cancer to undergo step therapy prior to covering the insured for the drug prescribed by the insured's health care provider, under certain conditions, for health insurance policies and contracts issued or renewed after 12/31/2020. Requires Auditor to conduct impact assessment report on mandated health insurance coverage. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Taxation.. Description: For taxable years beginning after 12/31/2020, establishes a refundable tax credit equal to an unspecified percentage of eligible child care expenses paid by an employer for its employees' child care needs. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Education.. Description: Requires the Auditor to conduct an audit to determine whether the Department of Education is meeting requirements under the federal Individuals with Disabilities Act and the Rehabilitation Act of 1973 and the Americans with Disabilities Act as it pertains to individuals with the type of disability covered by the Individuals with Disabilities Act. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Taxation.. Description: Amends the income brackets of the tax credit for expenses for household and dependent care services necessary for gainful employment. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Service-learning.. Description: Requires the department of education to implement a servicelearning curriculum to develop student character, values, selfesteem, civic responsibility, and knowledge of local community issues and concerns though community service volunteer work. Effective 7/1/2051. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Education.. Description: Requires the Department of Education's existing Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) working group to create a state plan to make completion of the FAFSA or an opt-out waiver a statewide graduation requirement by the 2022-2023 school year. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Litter Control.. Description: Increases the cigarette excise tax imposed on each cigarette sold in the State and allocates the increase in tax revenues to a cigarette litter abatement special fund. Provides that the cigarette litter abatement special fund shall be used to cover the costs of collecting and removing cigarette litter and providing outreach and education to curb improper cigarette litter disposal. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Wahiawa Dam And Reservoir.. Description: Requires the department of land and natural resources engineering division to develop an emergency intervention plan for the Wahiawa dam and reservoir. Requires the department of land and natural resources to study the feasibility of the State acquiring the Wahiawa dam and reservoir. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Domestic Abuse.. Description: Provides that a court may not grant continuances of an order to show cause hearing in domestic abuse cases, absent a finding of good cause. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Proof Of Domestic Or Sexual Violence Victim Status.. Description: Makes consistent the types of documents accepted as proof of domestic or sexual violence victim status.
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To State Procurement Of Wifi And Internet Services.. Description: Requires all state and state funded facilities, with certain exceptions, to have internet computer and wireless access filters to restrict access to pornography sites. Exempts state-owned housing and dormitories. Effective 1/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Sexual Exploitation Of Children.. Description: Establishes within the Department of Human Services a sexually exploited children statewide coordinator and program and a commercial sexual exploitation of children steering committee to address the needs of sexually exploited children. Requires the commercial sexual exploitation of children steering committee to provide reports to the Legislature. Establishes within each county a commercial sexual exploitation of children multidisciplinary team to facilitate the sharing of information and to immediately respond to cases of child sex trafficking. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Taxation.. Description: Makes the state earned income tax credit refundable and permanent. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Child Support.. Description: Requires certain amounts of child support moneys collected by the Department of Human Services (DHS) for public assistance of a child to pass through to the family receiving public assistance. Requires DHS to disregard passed through child support payments when calculating the income of an applicant for or recipient of public assistance. Increases the maximum fine for an employer who discharges from employment, refuses to employ, or takes disciplinary action against any noncustodial parent subject to income withholding or who fails to comply with an order of assignment of future income to pay child support. Appropriates funds. Effective 6/18/2050. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Campus Safety.. Description: Strengthens campus safety and accountability procedures and protocols, including those relating to sexual harassment, sexual assault, domestic violence, dating violence, stalking, and related issues, at the University of Hawaii. Takes steps to extend those procedures and protocols to private institutions of higher education in Hawaii. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Employment Practices.. Description: Prohibits an employer from requiring an employee to enter into a nondisclosure agreement pertaining to sexual harassment or sexual assault. Prohibits an employer from retaliating against an employee for disclosing or discussing sexual harassment or sexual assault. (HD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Sexual Assault Evidence Collection Kits.. Description: Extends the deadline for each county police department to adopt and utilize an electronic tracking system for sexual assault evidence collection kits.
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Childhood Sexual Abuse.. Description: Amends statutory limitations on the time period in which a survivor of childhood sexual abuse may file a civil suit. Permits the court to order restorative justice measures, if deemed appropriate and requested by the victim. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Certificates Of Participation.. Description: Prohibits the Director of Finance from issuing or approving any certificate of participation that exceeds $10 million. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To School Buses.. Description: Requires certain school bus contracts entered into after 1/1/2050 to require contracted-for vehicles to be propelled by electric power or a non-fossil fuel and to be equipped with seat belt assemblies. Requires the Department of Education to submit a report regarding certain aspects relating to implementation of the requirements of section 302A-407(b), HRS. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Microbeads.. Description: Beginning 7/1/2021: bans the manufacture of a personal care product, except a non-prescription drug, that contains synthetic plastic microbeads. Beginning 7/1/2022: bans the sale or offer for sale of a personal care product, except a non-prescription drug, that contains synthetic plastic microbeads and bans the manufacture of a non-prescription drug that contains synthetic plastic microbeads. Beginning 7/1/2023: bans the sale or offer for sale of a non-prescription drug that contains synthetic plastic microbeads. Specifically exempts rinse-off cosmetics and rinse-off cosmetics that are also non-prescription drugs regulated by the federal Microbead-Free Waters Act of 2015. Effective on 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Ignition Interlock Devices.. Description: Requires proof of compliance with ignition interlock laws to be eligible for a driver's license. Requires any person operating a vehicle with an ignition interlock to have valid government-issued photo identification in their immediate possession. Amends the sentencing requirements for certain offenses involving driving during a suspension or revocation period and circumventing or tampering with ignition interlock devices. Prohibits a person who is restricted to driving a vehicle equipped with an ignition interlock device from knowingly obscuring a camera lens associated with the device. Effective 7/1/2021. (HD3)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Special Purpose Revenue Bonds To Assist Keahole Fbo I Llc.. Description: Authorizes the issuance of special purpose revenue bonds to assist Keahole FBO I LLC with planning, designing, constructing, equipping, and operating facilities for aviation services and aviation-related services at Ellison Onizuka Kona International Airport at Keahole. Lapses 6/30/2025. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Long Term Care.. Description: Requires the Executive Office on Aging to assess progress toward the policy goals identified by the Long Term Care Commission and to formulate recommendations on how the State can meet these goals. Requires a report to the Legislature. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Healthy Aging Partnership Program.. Description: Appropriates funds for the healthy aging partnership program to further the program's role in improving the health and well-being of Hawaii's kupuna. Effective 12/31/2059. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Long-term Care Insurance.. Description: Requires the thirty-day lapse or termination notices for long-term care policies to be sent by certified mail, priority mail, or commercial delivery service, or other method of delivery requiring proof of delivery. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Making An Appropriation For The Office Of The Long-term Care Ombudsman Program.. Description: Appropriates funds to the office of the long-term care ombudsman for an unspecified number of ombudsman specialist positions. Appropriates funds. Effective 12/31/2059. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Alzheimer's Disease And Related Dementia.. Description: Requires the executive office on aging to convene a working group to update the state plan on Alzheimer's disease and related dementias by identifying the best practices and standards of dementia training in care facilities. Requires report to the legislature. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Alzheimer's Disease.. Description: Establishes an outreach program in the department of health to inform physicians and appropriate non-physician practitioners participating in medicare that comprehensive care planning services for those with Alzheimer's disease and related dementias is a covered benefit under medicare. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Kupuna Caregivers Program.. Description: Appropriates funds for the proper implementation of the kupuna caregivers program. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Minors.. Description: Expands the provisions for a minor to consent to no-cost emergency shelter and related services to include requiring a provider to be licensed and in compliance with zoning and safety regulations. Requires DHS to make every effort to have a shelter for minors on each island. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Children And Family Of Incarcerated Individuals.. Description: Requires the department of human services to work with the department of public safety to establish a pilot visitation and family resource center at Waiawa correctional facility. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Temporary Restraining Orders, Protective Orders, And Injunctions.. Description: Clarifies that the effective period of a protective order, temporary restraining order, or injunction restraining any party from contacting, threatening, or physically abusing a minor may extend to a date after the minor has reached 18 years of age.
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Bullying.. Description: Requires public middle school principals to select public middle school teachers to attend evidence-informed or evidence-based and culturally relevant bullying intervention training sessions. Requires the selected public middle school teachers to provide training on bullying intervention to other public school and public charter school employees in the teacher's respective school district. Appropriates moneys. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Criminal Justice.. Description: Requires all state correctional facilities to allow family members to engage in contact visitation with inmates at any state correctional facility during official visiting hours. Provides that the correctional facility shall provide each inmate with the opportunity for a minimum of two in-person, contact visits per week, with each visit lasting at least one hour. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Health.. Description: Establishes a task force within the Department of Health to identify therapies and home- and community-based care services that may benefit persons having fetal alcohol spectrum disorders, including therapies and treatments that may benefit them as adults. Requires the task force to recommend any necessary policy changes, rule changes, or legislation to increase access to these therapies and services. Requires a report to the Legislature. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Deceptive Practices.. Description: Prohibits a person from advertising or conducting a live musical performance through the use of deceptive affiliation under certain conditions. Enables action against deceptive practices by imposing penalties and private right of action. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Hawaiian Homes Commission Act.. Description: Requires the Department of Hawaiian Home Lands to digitize its applicant, beneficiary, and lessee records. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/50. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Kalaupapa Month.. Description: Designates January as "Kalaupapa Month." Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Cesspools.. Description: Requires the Sea Grant College Program, with the Department of Health, to develop and conduct a two-year comprehensive statewide outreach program that provides science-based information and understanding of sewage contamination sources in nearshore marine areas; increases understanding of sewage capacity needs; and informs all stakeholders of appropriate solutions for cesspool conversion. Requires the Water Resources Research Center to research wastewater system technologies to determine the most cost-effective way to upgrade cesspools in Hawaii and reduce their impact on drinking water and groundwater. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Shoreline Setbacks.. Description: Establishes greater shoreline setback requirements. Effective 12/31/33. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Less Than Lethal Force.. Description: Requires the department of public safety to review and update, at least annually, its policies and procedures governing the use of force, weapons, and equipment. Requires the law enforcement standards board to review the department's use of force training. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii enrolled a bill titled: Relating To Motor Vehicles.. Description: Authorizes any vehicle involved in a motor vehicle accident that cannot be moved under its own power or is otherwise disabled to be towed away at the expense of the registered owner. Specifies the applicable requirements and fees for towing motor vehicles involved in accidents under certain circumstances. Exempts certain automobile clubs or towing companies from motor vehicle towing and storage requirements. Effective 9/1/2020. (HD2)
In 2020, Hawaii enrolled a bill titled: Relating To Waste Management.. Description: Prohibits any waste or disposal facility from being located in a conservation district except in emergency circumstances to mitigate significant risks to public safety and health. Requires no less than a one-half mile buffer zone around residences, schools, and hospitals for the construction, modification, or expansion of a waste or disposal facility. Specifies that "waste or disposal facility" excludes individual, state certified, non-industrial redemption centers. (HD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Hawaiian Homes Commission.. Description: Allows the Hawaiian homes commission or the department of Hawaiian home lands to retain independent legal counsel as needed. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Health.. Description: Appropriates funds for imi hoola student stipends or for other imi hoola student support programs at the discretion of the department of Native Hawaiian health of the John A. Burns school of medicine. Effective 7/1/2051. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Employees' Retirement System.. Description: Authorizes a court to order the forfeiture of Employees' Retirement System benefits of an ERS member, former member, or retirant upon conviction of the individual for a felony related to the State or county employment of the individual. Authorizes designated beneficiaries to receive ERS benefits upon the death of the ERS member, former member, or retirant convicted of the felony. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Explosion Detection Technology.. Description: Requires the police department of each county having a population of more than five hundred thousand to establish a working group to study the feasibility of purchasing and deploying explosion detection technology for the purpose of assisting in locating and responding to explosions caused by the illegal use of firearms and fireworks. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Composition Of The State Council On Mental Health.. Description: Requires the State Council on Mental Health to include an unspecified number of members with demonstrated knowledge of or work experience involving native Hawaiian concepts of well-being, culturally grounded mental health methodologies, or traditional healing or health practices. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Down Payments.. Description: Establishes within the Hawaii Housing Finance and Development Corporation a current and returning resident down payment program to provide matching funds for the down payment on a primary residence. Appropriates funds. Effective July 1, 2050. (SD3)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Office Of Hawaiian Affairs.. Description: Amends ballot requirements to display candidates for the office of Hawaiian affairs, board of trustees, by residency and non-residency requirements and to randomize the order of candidate names within those groupings. Takes effect 6/18/2050. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Sustainability.. Description: Requires the department of land and natural resources to recognize that game mammals and game birds provide a food source and play a role in native Hawaiian traditional and customary practices and that striking the right balance between the management of game mammal and game bird populations and sustainability of their natural habitats to reduce negative impacts to important watershed areas is a priority and that the State's unique relationship with the ocean requires careful consideration and management of land and ocean activities that prioritize the public trust responsibilities of the State. Requires each department, office, or agency of the State to update its rules and policies to integrate the local hunting and fishing industries into any food security or sustainability strategies that department, office, or agency employs. Requires reports to the legislature. Effective 7/1/2051. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Manslaughter.. Description: Authorizes manslaughter prosecutions of persons who cause the death of another person by recklessly operating a motor vehicle with .08 or more grams of alcohol per two hundred ten liters of breath or .08 or more grams of alcohol per one hundred milliliters or cubic centimeters of blood. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii enrolled a bill titled: Relating To Condominium Associations.. Description: Repeals the sunset provision of Act 195, Session Laws of Hawaii 2018, permanently codifying the amendments to sections 514B105, 514B-146, and 667-94, Hawaii Revised Statutes. Effective retroactively to 6/29/2020. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Roofing Contractors.. Description: Prohibits roofing contractors from offering to pay, in any monetary form, an insured's insurance deductible as an incentive to encourage the insured to hire the contractor. Allows insureds to rescind contracts with roofing contractors within five business days of receiving notification from an insurer that all or any part of a claim or contract is not a covered loss under the insured's insurance policy. Allows the Contractors License Board to revoke, suspend, or refuse to renew a contractor's license if the contractor performs as a public adjuster without a public adjuster license. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Medical Service Billing.. Description: Establishes billing requirements for unanticipated medical billing and unanticipated coverage gaps of patients for out-of-network emergency services received from non-participating providers. Requires the Insurance Commissioner to refer certain disputes between insurers and non-participating providers to an independent dispute resolution entity for binding arbitration. Effective 1/1/2021. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Practice Of Medicine.. Description: Clarifies the definition of the practice of medicine to provide uniformity of practice for both medical physicians and osteopathic physicians. (HD2)
In 2020, Hawaii enrolled a bill titled: Relating To Condominiums.. Description: Repeals the sunset provision of Act 196, Session Laws of Hawaii 2018, making permanent the amendments to sections 514B-71(a), 514B-72(a), and 514B-161, Hawaii Revised Statutes. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Medical Cannabis.. Description: Allows primary caregivers, qualifying out-of-state patients, and caregivers of a qualifying out-of-state patient to access the restricted access area within a medical cannabis retail dispensary. Clarifies violations related to medical cannabis dispensaries. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Health.. Description: Extends the state-funded medical assistance provided to pregnant women for up to twelve months post-pregnancy in certain circumstances. Allows additional medicaid insurance coverage to women and their newborn children for health-related issues because of tobacco, alcohol, or opioid use during pregnancy. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Climate Change Mitigation And Adaptation.. Description: Establishes and appropriates funds for a Climate Change and Human Health Adaptation Coordinator within the Department of Health. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Cable Television.. Description: Amends the factors the director of commerce and consumer affairs must consider when determining whether cable service should be made available upon a new application of a cable franchise. Requires that the director require cable operators to provide cable service to residences in their service area where there is a minimum density of at least twenty-five homes per linear mile, with certain exceptions. Authorizes the director to grant waivers. Effective 1/2/2050. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Motor Vehicles.. Description: Addresses the disposition of salvaged motor vehicles by authorizing the county directors of finance to issue certificates of ownership and salvage certificate to expedite the disposal of the vehicles under specified circumstances. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Health Insurance.. Description: Requires health insurers, mutual benefit societies, and health maintenance organizations to provide coverage for the cost of auto-injectable epinephrine based on appropriate weight-based dosage for insured persons eighteen years of age or younger, beginning 1/1/2021. Requires an impact assessment report. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The President Of The University Of Hawaii System.. Description: Prohibits the President of the University of Hawaii from serving concurrently as a campus chancellor. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Screen Time Awareness.. Description: Requires the behavioral health services administration of the department of health to convene a working group to compile resources to inform and educate the public about the impacts of excessive digital image screen time on the mental health and relationships of children and teenagers and report to the legislature. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Medicaid Benefits.. Description: Makes an appropriation to restore certain adult dental benefits to medicaid enrollees. Requires maximization of federal matching funds and pursuit of all known funding sources prior to expending general revenue funds appropriated. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Transitions Clinic Network Pilot Program.. Description: Requires the Department of Human Services to procure the services of a master contractor. Requires the master contractor to implement and operate a transitions clinic network pilot program. Appropriates moneys. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Qualified Community Rehabilitation Programs.. Description: Allows community rehabilitation programs for persons with disabilities to be considered qualified under the State's procurement code without requiring federal and state certification that authorizes the payment of a subminimum wage to workers in their program. Requires a qualified community rehabilitation program to maintain a certain disabled to non-disabled employee ratio. Effective 1/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Human Services.. Description: Appropriates funds for the Department of Human Services to purchase, staff, and operate mobile clinics to serve homeless persons; provided that an unspecified number of the mobile clinics shall be allocated to the county with the largest land mass. Requires matching funds. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Guide Dogs.. Description: Appropriates funds for the planning and design of a professional training facility for guide dogs and other professionally trained career dogs on a designated portion of the state animal quarantine facility in Halawa valley on Oahu. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Little Fire Ants.. Description: Authorizes the Department of Agriculture to identify best practices for the treatment of little fire ants in conjunction with the Hawaii Ant Lab. Requires the Department of Agriculture to post on its website best practices for the treatment of little fire ants. Allows the Pest Control Board to revoke, suspend, or refuse to renew any license for violation of any best practice identified by the Department of Agriculture. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Health.. Description: Authorizes naturopathic physicians with the same authority as physicians and advanced practice registered nurses in regards to providing written certifications to qualified patients for the medical use of cannabis. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Protective Orders.. Description: Establishes a Hawaii hope card program within the department of the attorney general to issue cards verifying a person's long-term protective order. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Education.. Description: Establishes in the Department of Education an education research and development revolving fund to support the research and development of innovative curriculum, instructional materials, and related technologies. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Education.. Description: Broadens the purposes for which indirect costs incurred by the department of education, state public charter school commission, or a charter authorizer from federal grants may be reimbursed. Effective 7/1/2051. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii enrolled a bill titled: Relating To Education Data.. Description: Requires the department of education to establish a standardized data collection process; collect and analyze data relating to, among other things, student discipline, seclusion, and restraint, school climate, and student achievement; and annually report certain information to the board of education, legislature, and the public. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Teacher Compensation.. Description: Appropriates funds for teacher compensation as negotiated and executed in a memorandum of understanding between the superintendent of education and the exclusive representative of collective bargaining unit (5) for an experimental modernization project to address compensation equity issues and make discretionary salary adjustments; additional teacher pay for special education, hard-to-staff geographic locations, and Hawaiian language immersion programs; or some combination. Appropriates funds for classroom teacher shortage differentials for charter schools and fringe benefit costs for teacher compensation. Effective January 1, 2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Forestry.. Description: Appropriates funds for the forest stewardship program of the Department of Land and Natural Resources to increase plant stocks, invest in public outreach, and renovate the equipment and facilities of the state tree nursery. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Hawaii Retirement Savings Program.. Description: Establishes the retirement savings task force to secure a consultant to assess the feasibility of a Hawaii retirement savings program; assess the viability of current state retirement savings programs in other states; determine the feasibility of joining a multi-state, state-facilitated retirement savings program; research the implications of the federal SECURE Act; draft an implementation plan for the retirement savings program; and submit a report to the legislature. Appropriates funds. Sunsets the task force on 6/30/2021. Effective 1/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Family Leave.. Description: Provides family leave insurance benefits and extends period of family leave to 16 weeks for businesses that employs one or more employees who meet the hourly qualifications. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Hawaii Technology Development Corporation.. Description: Appropriates funds to the Hawaii Technology Development Corporation for the Hawaii Small Business Innovation Research Program, Manufacturing Assistance Program, and Excelerator Program. Establishes and appropriates funds for a working group to develop a strategic plan for a climate innovation technology park to be located at Coconut Island and to recommend other opportunities for the State to invest in technology to combat climate change. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Child Abuse Reporting.. Description: Adds members of the clergy, commercial computer technicians, commercial film and photographic print or image processors, and persons employed by organizations that have direct contact with or supervision of children to the categories of persons who are required to report child abuse and neglect to the Department of Human Services or to police. Provides a "safe harbor" through December 31, 2020, for reporting by clergy of known or suspected child abuse that was previously unreported and that did not arise during a penitential communication. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Individual Wastewater Systems.. Description: Establishes the time of transfer individual wastewater system inspection program to oversee the inspection and repair of any individual wastewater system at the time of the property's sale or transfer. Excludes certain sales or transfers. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Transition Of The Oahu Regional Health Care System From The Hawaii Health Systems Corporation Into The Department Of Health.. Description: Commences the transfer of the Oahu Regional Health Care System in its entirety from the Hawaii Health Systems Corporation to the Department of Health, beginning with the transfer of the Oahu Regional Health Care System's budget into the Department of Health. Establish a working group of the Oahu Regional Health Care System, Department of Health, and other stakeholders that shall be responsible for managing and implementing the processes required to effectuate the completion of the transition. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Health.. Description: Requires and appropriates funds for the Department of Health to repurpose unused state facilities to provide short-term residential beds to allow the stabilization, triage, and assessment of patients in need of services for mental health conditions and/or substance use, which may include homelessness. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Mental Health And Substance Abuse Special Fund.. Description: Authorizes the mental health and substance abuse special fund to be used for certain capital improvements. Requires the Department of Health to identify, among other things, capital improvement projects that should be made with moneys from the mental health and substance abuse special fund to improve the continuum of care for behavioral health and submit a report to the Legislature. Repeals on 6/30/2025. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Statewide Traffic Code.. Description: Replaces the term "accident" with collision for purposes of certain provisions of the statewide traffic code. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Veterinary Medicine.. Description: Prohibits the owner of an animal, and the owner's employees, from performing any surgical procedure on the animal without being licensed as a veterinarian. Makes intentionally or knowingly performing any surgical procedure on a pet animal by any person not licensed as a veterinarian a class C felony. Specifies that accepted veterinary practices and cropping or docking as customarily practiced shall not be considered cruelty to animals in the first degree if performed by a licensed veterinarian. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Animal Cruelty.. Description: Includes use of a castration band to inhumanely neuter a dog, cat, or other pet animal, excluding caged birds, under the offense of cruelty to animals in the second degree. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Penal Code.. Description: Establishes the criminal offense of trespassing on critical electrical infrastructure property. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Firearms.. Description: Prohibits the manufacture, possession, sale, barter, trade, gift, transfer, or acquisition of detachable ammunition magazines with a capacity in excess of ten rounds, regardless of the type of firearm with which the magazine is compatible, except for magazines that was legally possessed prior to this Act. Prohibits the sale, barter, trade, gift, transfer, or acquisition, except by means of inheritance, of such large-capacity magazines. Makes an exception for possession and use by law enforcement agencies and officers. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Correctional Facilities.. Description: Establishes procedures for the use of administrative and disciplinary segregation in correctional facilities. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii enrolled a bill titled: Relating To Public Safety.. Description: Requires the Department of Public Safety to expend certain appropriated funds during fiscal year 2020-2021 solely for the community-based work furlough program for female inmates. Effective retroactively to 6/30/2020. (HD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Broadband Service Infrastructure.. Description: Establishes the broadband infrastructure grant program within DBEDT to award grants to applicants to extend deployment of infrastructure used to provide broadband service to unserved and underserved areas of the State. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Composting.. Description: Establishes a class of artisan-scale composting operations exempt from department of health regulations to divert organic materials from Hawaii's landfills. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Access To Public Property.. Description: Prohibits the obstruction of access to beaches and beach parks. Creates a $100 penalty for the first conviction of obstructing access to public property. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Youth Vaping Epidemic.. Description: Bans the sale of flavored tobacco products. Prohibits mislabeling of e-liquid products containing nicotine. Establishes fines and penalties for violations. Authorizes a court to impose, as a penalty on a person eighteen to twenty-one years of age who is convicted of possession of a tobacco product or electronic smoking device, the requirement to complete a tobacco education program, complete a tobacco use cessation program, or perform community service instead of paying a fine. Requires a parent or guardian of a minor to select from among the penalties for a minor convicted of possession of a tobacco product or electronic smoking device. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Health Care.. Description: Requires health insurers, mutual benefit societies, and health maintenance organizations to provide coverage for a comprehensive category of reproductive health services, drugs, devices, products, and procedures. Prohibits discrimination in the provision of reproductive health care services. Effective 1/2/2021. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Massage Therapists.. Description: Beginning July 1, 2022, requires massage therapy licensees to complete twelve hours of continuing education within the two-year period preceding the renewal date, two hours of which shall include first aid, cardiopulmonary resuscitation, or emergency related courses. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The General Excise Tax Exemptions.. Description: Beginning 1/1/2021, exempts medical services provided by physicians and advanced practice registered nurses acting in the capacity of a primary care provider from the general excise tax. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Medical Cannabis.. Description: Prohibits an employer from discriminating against a person in hiring, termination, or term or condition of employment based on the person's status as a medical cannabis cardholder, under certain conditions. Specifies that an employer may use a fit for duty test as a tool for medical cannabis users in potentially dangerous occupations. Exempts certain occupations. Effective 1/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Acupuncture.. Description: Establishes a working group to consider and make recommendations on the scope of practice for acupuncturists. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Tax Credits.. Description: Changes the aggregate cap amount of the tax credit for research activities to an unspecified amount. Effective 7/1/2050. Applies to taxable years beginning after 12/31/2020. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Marine Debris.. Description: Appropriates funds to the Department of Land and Natural Resources to create and implement a marine debris collection pilot program. Appropriates funds to the University of Hawaii for research and development of specialized equipment for the effective and efficient removal of plastic marine debris from beaches and shorelines. Effective 7/1/2030. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Public Health.. Description: Requires employers to educate employees regarding seizure first aid with information provided by department of labor and industrial relations. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Consumer Protection.. Description: Requires retailers of household appliances to conspicuously display on certain household appliances that appear in the retailer's showroom floor available energy efficiency rebates funded by the public benefits fee and Hawaii-specific energy operation costs based on a statewide average residential electricity cost for the prior calendar year. Requires the public benefits fee administrator to provide a template for the signage or text containing the information to retailers no later than 7/1/2021 and to update the signage or text at least once every five years. Effective 10/1/2020. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The University Of Hawaii Board Of Regents.. Description: Requires all public meetings of the board of regents to be recorded in live digital audio format by May 1, 2021, for standing committee meetings, and webcast live by September 1, 2021, for all regular board of regents meetings. Requires all recording to be archived and made available to the public. Requires the Board of Regents to determine its accessibility obligations pursuant to the Americans with Disabilities Act and comply with those obligations. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Reimbursements For State Contributions.. Description: Specifies exemptions for the University of Hawaii from sections 87A-39 and 88-125, Hawaii Revised Statutes, to enhance transparency and accountability regarding fringe benefit reimbursement exemptions under the cost-sharing agreement between the University of Hawaii and Department of Budget and Finance. Effective 1/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Health.. Description: Authorizes advanced practice registered nurses, in addition to physicians, to practice medical aid in dying in accordance with their scope of practice and prescribing authority. Authorizes psychiatric mental health nurse practitioners, in addition to psychiatrists, psychologists, and clinical social workers, to provide counseling to a qualified patient. Reduces the mandatory waiting period between oral requests from twenty days to fifteen days. Waives the mandatory waiting period for those terminally ill individuals not expected to survive the mandatory waiting period. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Dental Assistants.. Description: Establishes the dental assistant task force within DCCA. Requires a report to the legislature. Effective 6/18/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Medical Cannabis.. Description: Permits qualifying patients to be reimbursed by health insurers, mutual benefit societies, and health maintenance organizations for amounts spent on medical cannabis and manufactured cannabis products. Limits the monthly amount of reimbursement. Requires the auditor to conduct impact assessment reports. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Consumer Protection.. Description: Establishes regulatory framework for small dollar lenders in article 9 of chapter 412, HRS. Specifies various consumer protection requirements for small dollar loans. Beginning 1/1/2022, requires licensure for small dollar lenders that offer small dollar loans to consumers. Specifies licensing requirements for small dollar lenders. Authorizes the division of financial institutions to appoint 2.0 FTE examiner positions, funded via the compliance resolution fund, to carry out the purposes of the small dollar installment loan program. Requires check cashers to be registered with DCCA and to offer a voluntary payment plan to customers under certain circumstances. Establishes the terms of voluntary payment plans. Clarifies that a customer may only have one outstanding deferred deposit transaction from any source. Amends notices to customers required of check cashers. Removes the exemption for persons engaged in the bona fide retail sale of goods or services. Requires the Auditor to conduct an analysis of the regulation of payday lenders and deferred deposit agreements in the State. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Estate Tax Inflation Adjustment.. Description: Requires Hawaii's estate tax applicable exclusion amount to be calculated by utilizing the federal Internal Revenue Service inflation adjustment mechanism. Applies to decedents dying and taxable transfers occurring after 12/31/2020. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Family Courts.. Description: Amends provisions relating to criteria and procedures in family court determinations regarding custody and visitation rights. Clarifies that a parent's felony conviction for a violent or sexual offense in which the victim was a minor, or requirement to register as a sex offender, raises a rebuttable presumption that custody or visitation by that parent is not in the best interest of the child. Requires courts to consider registration as a sex offender a presumption of risk that affects the burden of producing evidence. Requires courts to state reasons for findings in writing or on the record, including specific findings that there is no risk to the child's health, safety, and welfare. Effective 12/31/2059. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Elections.. Description: Includes agents of candidates listed on ballots among the persons prohibited from providing voting assistance at voter service centers and in the use of absentee ballots. Takes effect 1/1/2021. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii enrolled a bill titled: Relating To Sports Officials.. Description: Allows a court to enjoin a defendant convicted of committing certain assault or terroristic threatening offenses against a sports official from attending any sports event of the type at which the sports official was engaged in the lawful discharge of the sports official's duties. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Housing Development.. Description: Exempts affordable housing units, additions to existing dwelling units, accessory dwelling units, ohana dwelling units, and affordable housing projects developed by the Hawaii public housing authority from 50 per cent of school impact fee requirements. Effective 7/1/2025. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Emergency Services.. Description: Appropriates an unspecified sum to the Hawaii health systems corporation to expand the Kau Rural Health Clinic to improve access to urgent care and outpatient behavioral health services. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Ambulances.. Description: Appropriates funds to the Department of Health for the purchase of one advanced life support ambulance based in Makalei in the county of Hawaii, and related equipment and personnel costs. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Making An Appropriation To The Office Of The Prosecuting Attorney For Hawaii County.. Description: Appropriates funds as a subsidy to the Office of the Prosecuting Attorney for Hawaii County for the career criminal prosecution unit. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Land Use.. Description: Authorizes county land use decision-making authorities to amend district boundaries involving land areas greater than fifteen acres, except non important agricultural land or rural land areas greater than fifteen acres but no more than twenty-five acres if the land areas are proposed for reclassification to the urban district and at least sixty per cent of the land areas will be dedicated for the development of affordable housing. Effective 12/31/33. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Invasive Species.. Description: Appropriates funds to the department of land and natural resources division of forestry and wildlife for invasive species technician positions in the county of Hawaii to address invasive plants and animals. Effective 12/31/33. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Coffee Berry Borer.. Description: Extends the sunset date for the Coffee Berry Borer Pesticide Subsidy Program until 6/30/2025, for the purchase of pesticides containing Beauveria bassiana to combat the coffee berry borer. Extends the program manager position to 6/30/2026. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Low-income Household Renters Credit.. Description: Creates income brackets for the low-income renter tax credit. Provides for adjustment of the tax credit amount based on the consumer price index. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Housing.. Description: Establishes an Affordable Homeownership Revolving Fund within the Hawaii Housing Finance and Development Corporation to provide loans to nonprofit housing development organizations, and community development financial institutions for the development of affordable homeownership housing projects. Makes an appropriation into and out of the Affordable Homeownership Revolving Fund. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Tax Credits.. Description: Increases the amount of the tax credit for individuals and households and the adjusted gross income eligibility cap for the income tax credit for low-income household renters using tax brackets for individuals and different categories of households and providing for annual increases based on the consumer price index. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii enrolled a bill titled: Relating To The Environment.. Description: Prohibits, after 6/30/2020, the approval of a new or renewed power purchase agreement for electricity generated from coal. Prohibits, after 6/30/2020, the modification of a coal power purchase agreement that proposes to extend the term or increase the amount of generation that is allowed to be produced under the existing agreement. Prohibits, after 12/31/2022, the issuance or renewal of covered source air permits for coal-burning electricity generation facilities. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Monetary Obligations.. Description: Prohibits the imposition of restrictions on a person's ability to obtain or renew a driver's license or to register, renew the registration of, or transfer or receive title to a motor vehicle, as a consequence of unpaid monetary obligations. Does not affect driver's license suspensions related to excessive speeding, lack of motor vehicle insurance, or non-compliance with a child support order. Effective 9/1/2020. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Mental Health Of Defendants.. Description: Authorizes the courts to enter into agreements with the parties where there is reason to believe the defendant has a physical or mental disease, disorder, or defect that will or has become an issue in the criminal case. Requires either one psychiatrist or one psychologist to be appointed in felony cases requiring three examiners. Requires an examination for penal responsibility to be conducted within fifteen days after a finding of fitness to proceed. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Penal Code.. Description: Establishes the offense of unauthorized attachment of an object to a fence, gate, wall, or other structure, which is committed when a person knowingly attaches an object to a fence, gate, wall, or other structure or barrier without the owner's permission. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Firearms Ammunition.. Description: Prohibits any person from selling ammunition or shell casings for any firearm without proof from purchaser of registration of the appropriate firearm. Authorizes registered owners of firearms to designate an alternate person to purchase ammunition. Requires the licensing of sellers of ammunition. Regulates ammunition in the same manner as firearms. Requires the attorney general to update firearm registration forms. Effective 7/1/2021. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Gender Equity.. Description: Requires publicly held domestic and foreign corporations to includes certain numbers of females among their boards of directors. Authorizes administrative fines for noncompliance. Takes effect 6/18/2050. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Children's Health.. Description: Requires the department of health to establish, implement, and evaluate a statewide program for early identification of, and intervention for, lead poisoning in children. Requires all children be tested for lead poisoning. Requires primary care providers to test children under their care for lead poisoning. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii enrolled a bill titled: Relating To Domestic Violence.. Description: Part I: Establishes a petty misdemeanor offense of abuse of family or household members. Clarifies the penalties for violations. Allows a deferred acceptance of guilty plea for misdemeanor and petty misdemeanor abuse of family or household members offenses. Establishes a probationary period for abuse of family or household members. Part II: Makes consistent the types of documents accepted as proof of domestic or sexual violence victim status. Part III: Requires the judiciary to submit annual reports on the number and outcome of abuse cases. Part I sunsets 6/30/2026. Effective 1/1/2021. (HD3)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Towing.. Description: Clarifies meaning of existing statute relating to towing of abandoned vehicles by adding definitions; requires tow and storage companies to accept credit cards; includes penalties consistent with unfair practices per chapter 480, Hawaii Revised Statutes. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Workers' Compensation.. Description: Adjusts the method of calculating average weekly wages for workers' compensation claims. Effective 7/1/51. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Housing.. Description: Creates the position of the state housing coordinator. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Sex Trafficking.. Description: Includes coercion as a means of committing the offense of sex trafficking. Removes the criminal statute of limitations for sex trafficking and promoting prostitution. Specifies that sex trafficking of a minor is a strict liability offense. Repeals the offense of solicitation of a minor for prostitution. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Hawaii Public Housing Authority.. Description: Establishes the landlord incentive program special fund to reimburse land owners who participate in the section 8 housing choice voucher program for repair costs of tenant-caused property damage when the repair costs exceed the tenant's security deposit. Makes an appropriation. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Public Lands.. Description: Clarifies that lands set aside to the Hawaii housing finance and development corporation by the governor or leased to the corporation by other state departments and agencies are exempt from the definition of "public lands". Requires the Hawaii housing finance and development corporation to dispose of public lands pursuant to chapter 171, Hawaii Revised Statutes. Clarifies that lands set aside by the governor or leased to the Hawaii housing finance development corporation from other state agencies are subject to legislative approval prior to the sale or gift of those lands. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Tour Aircraft.. Description: Amends section 261-12 to require tour aircraft operations permit applicants to have aircraft that are outfitted with FAA approved safety devices. Prohibits tour aircraft permit holders from allowing the noise footprint of their aircraft to enter any occupied property. Requires denial of permit or rescission of permit if requirements are not met. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Housing.. Description: Amends section 201H-38 of the Hawaii Revised Statutes to clarify that the section does not require income restrictions for projects that are built for Hawaii residents, who will be owner-occupants in perpetuity, and who own no other property. Effective 6/18/2050. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Counties.. Description: Clarifies that the request for dedication for infrastructure is to connect an eligible affordable housing's infrastructure to the county's infrastructure. Authorizes a licensed private building inspector, contracted by the state or county, to certify compliance with county standards. Effective 06/18/2050. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Utility Transmission Lines.. Description: Exempts a public utility from seeking approval from the public utilities commission to place, construct, erect, or build a high-voltage electric transmission system under certain circumstances. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Environmental Impact Statement Law.. Description: Requires a supplemental environmental assessment or supplemental environmental impact statement after the passage of 15 years from the date of the determination of a finding of no significant impact or the acceptance of the statement, if the proposed action is not implemented. Exempts actions involving a renewable energy project from this requirement. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Board Of Education.. Description: Requires the board of education to hold no less than six community forums annually, with at least one forum in each county. Requires the board to include an open forum for public comments on non-agenda items. Requires a report to the Legislature on implementing open forums. Effective 7/1/2051. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Child Support Enforcement.. Description: Establishes that every judgment for child support is enforceable until paid in full.
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Land Conservation Fund.. Description: Increases the percentage of the land conservation fund that may be used for costs related to the operation, maintenance, and management of lands acquired by the fund. Increases the maximum dollar amount of the conveyance tax distribution to the land conservation fund. Appropriates funds from the land conservation fund for resource land acquisition. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Real Property Transactions.. Description: Requires a vulnerable coastal property purchaser statement to be executed by the purchaser or transferee with the sale or transfer of vulnerable coastal real estate. Effective 12/31/33. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Real Property Transactions.. Description: Requires that mandatory seller disclosures in real estate transactions include identification of residential real properties lying within the sea level rise exposure area. Effective 11/1/2020. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Crosswalks.. Description: Requires a vehicle approaching a crosswalk from the opposite direction of another vehicle stopped at that crosswalk to yield and not proceed until a pedestrian, if any, has crossed the roadway.
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Intercollegiate Athletics.. Description: Establishes the right of postsecondary student athletes in intercollegiate athletics to receive compensation for the use of their name, image, or likeness. Takes effect 6/18/2050. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Special Immigrant Juvenile Status.. Description: Specifies that the family court has jurisdiction in proceedings concerning the custody or guardianship of an immigrant child pursuant to a motion for Special Immigrant Juvenile factual findings requesting a determination that the child was abused, neglected, or abandoned before the age of 18.
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Sea Level Rise.. Description: Requires the Hawaii Climate Change Mitigation and Adaptation Commission to further address and make recommendations regarding sea level rise. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Taxation.. Description: Increases the amount of the rental motor vehicle surcharge tax from $5 to $8 for any county with a resident population of more than 125,000, but less than 195,000. Sets aside the revenue from the increased surcharge tax for capacity projects in that county. With regards to the County of Maui, prioritizes funds collected pursuant to this Act to be used for the Honoapiilani highway realignment project. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Important Agricultural Land Qualified Agricultural Cost Tax Credit.. Description: Extends the time that the department of agriculture may certify important agricultural lands qualified agricultural costs from 2021 to 2030. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The University Of Hawaii.. Description: Establishes, and appropriates funds for, a network improvement community task force to develop a K-12 science, technology, engineering, and mathematics teacher education degree for the University of Hawaii. Appropriates funds for the University of Hawaii Maui college's office of international and regional partnerships for study abroad programs. Effective 7/1/2051. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Teacher Education.. Description: Establishes a network improvement community task force to develop a K-12 science, technology, engineering, and mathematics (STEM) teacher education degree at the University of Hawaii. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Na Wai Eha Watershed.. Description: Appropriates money out of the land conservation fund for the acquisition of a portion of the Na Wai Eha watershed in Wailuku, Maui. Requires the County of Maui to provide matching funds for the land acquisition or for the purchase of the associated water systems and easements. Effective 7/1/2051. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Low-income Housing Tax Credit.. Description: Changes tax credit allocation for partnerships and corporations. Makes inoperative at-risk and passive activity loss rules with respect to certain low-income buildings. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Housing.. Description: Creates the housing incentive fund to be administered by the Hawaii Public Housing Authority. Allows the fund to be seeded with general obligation bonds. Establishes an income tax credit for individuals or corporations who contribute to the fund. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Green Fees.. Description: Requires the office of planning to conduct a study assessing the current plans and programs to achieve the Aloha+ Challenge natural resource management 2030 goals. Requires the office of planning to make recommendations in achieving those goals. Makes an appropriation. Effective 12/31/2033. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Taxation Of Real Estate Investment Trusts.. Description: Disallows dividends paid deduction for real estate investment trusts, except for real estate investment trusts that provide affordable housing in the State. Effective 7/1/2050. Applies to taxable years beginning after 12/31/2020. Sunsets 12/31/2023. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii enrolled a bill titled: Relating To Agricultural Buildings.. Description: Grants county agencies the right to enter property to investigate agricultural buildings for violations of and compliance with building permit and building code exemption requirements. (HD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Agriculture.. Description: Temporarily authorizes the Board of Agriculture to decide on a case-by-case basis which entities qualify for a non-agricultural park lease. Establishes conditions and qualifications for a lease. Includes reporting requirements. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Agriculture.. Description: Creates a grant program and appropriates funds for a program to assist beginning farmers or ranchers to start commercial farm or ranch operations. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Sustainable Agriculture.. Description: Establishes a cover crop reimbursement pilot program to provide up to one hundred per cent cost reimbursement to farming operations in the State for acquiring cover crop seeds or green manure. Establishes a cover crop reimbursement pilot program manager position within the Department of Agriculture to administer the program. Requires a report to the Legislature. Makes an appropriation. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Agricultural Lands.. Description: Amends certain land subdivision and condominium property regime laws related to agricultural land, as recommended pursuant to Act 278, Session Laws of Hawaii 2019, to ensure condominium property regime projects within the agricultural district are used for agricultural purposes. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Agricultural Enterprises.. Description: Authorizes the Department of Agriculture to plan, design, construct, operate, manage, maintain, repair, demolish, and remove infrastructure on any lands under the jurisdiction of the department, to support and promote agriculture. Establishes the agricultural enterprise program. Establishes the Agricultural Enterprise Special Fund. Requires the Board of Agriculture to annually report an accounting of non-agricultural park lessees to the Legislature. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Agriculture.. Description: Makes an appropriation to fund one full-time equivalent (1.0 FTE) agricultural appraiser position within the Department of Agriculture. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Agriculture.. Description: Appropriates funds to the University of Hawaii to establish a foreign agriculture small equipment pilot program. Requires a report to the Legislature. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Agriculture.. Description: Updates the laws on agricultural cooperative associations and consumer cooperative associations with regard to, among other things, operations as resale agents, and conversions. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Biosecurity.. Description: Establishes the Invasive Species Rapid Response Trust Fund for rapid responses to invasive species emergencies. Requires the Invasive Species Council to include an accounting of moneys expended in its annual report to the Legislature. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Shark Protection.. Description: Establishes an offense of knowingly capturing, possessing, abusing, entangling, or killing a shark in state marine waters, along with penalties and fines. Provides certain exemptions. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Sexual Assault Of An Animal.. Description: Amends the Penal Code to establish the crime of sexual assault of an animal. Provides that the sexual assault of an animal is a class C felony or a class B felony if the offense subjects a minor to sexual contact with an animal or is committed in the presence of a minor. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Department Of Agriculture.. Description: Appropriates funds to the Department of Agriculture to work in collaboration with the Department of Land and Natural Resources to increase feral pig control. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Procurement.. Description: Prohibits the expenditure of state funds by state agencies for the purchase of beverages in plastic bottles or rigid plastic containers, except under certain circumstances. Amends Chapter 342H, Hawaii Revised Statutes. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Deposit Beverage Container Program.. Description: Requires the department of health to implement the auditor's recommendations for the deposit beverage container program, including developing a risk-based selection process to select reports submitted by distributors and redemption centers for audit. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To A Food Hub Pilot Program.. Description: Requires the Department of Agriculture to establish a 5-year food hub pilot program to increase access to local food. Provides for the award of grant funding to qualified applicants wishing to establish or expand a food hub. Requires reports to the Legislature. Makes an appropriation. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Agriculture.. Description: Requires GoFarm Hawaii to provide the chairperson of the board of agriculture with an annual report of the program's goals and a semi-annual report outlining program outputs and outcomes. Establishes a five-year beginning farmer training program to be administered by the University of Hawaii West Oahu sustainable community food systems program. Appropriates funds for the GoFarm Hawaii program and the beginning farmer training program. Effective 7/1/2150. Repeals the beginning farmer training program on 6/30/2025. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Lead-based Paint.. Description: Prohibits the use of lead-based paint on outdoor structures after 12/31/2021. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Deposit Beverage Containers.. Description: Exempts a beverage dealer who is located in a high density population area from operating a redemption center if the dealer is located within 1 mile of a certified redemption center operated independently of the dealer. Requires the department of health to adjust the handling fees for the deposit beverage container program at least annually to an amount not less than the handling fee in the prior calendar year as adjusted by percentage changes in the Consumer Price Index for the Honolulu area. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To ulu.. Description: Appropriates funds for the research, development, marketing, and conservation of ulu. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Bottled Water.. Description: Repeals the requirement that noncarbonated bottled water be transported, stored, processed, or bottled through lines or equipment through which only water is passed.
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The University Of Hawaii College Of Tropical Agriculture And Human Resources.. Description: Makes an appropriation to the University of Hawaii college of tropical agriculture and human resources for ornamental and landscape entomology specialist, plant pathologist extension specialist, and pesticide extension specialist positions. Effective 7/2/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Theft.. Description: Establishes the offense of theft of catalytic converter as a class C felony. Defines "catalytic converter." Requires scrap dealers to follow the same requirements regarding a written statement for the purchase of palladium, platinum, rhodium, and a scrap catalytic converter from which some or all of the catalyst metals have been removed as is required for the purchase of copper, beer kegs, and urns. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Residential Landlord-tenant Act.. Description: Allows a landlord or landlord's agent to charge an application screening fee as part of the applicant screening process for renting residential property. Limits the amount that may be charged for an application screening fee. Requires the landlord or landlord's agent to return any unauthorized fee amounts to the applicant.
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Pueo Research.. Description: Appropriates funds to the Department of Land and Natural Resources to collaborate with the University of Hawaii College of Tropical Agriculture and Human Resources on a state-wide species assessment of pueo populations. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Trails.. Description: Requires government entities that engage in search and rescue operations to seek reimbursement when the rescued person required search and rescue efforts because that person acted in disregard of that person's safety, including intentionally disregarding a warning or notice. Creates a penalty for restricting public access to a trail. Creates a penalty for entering or remaining unlawfully on a trail or state land that has been closed to public use. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Sports Medicine.. Description: Provides a limited exemption from state licensure requirements to out-of-state physicians who accompany a sports team to a specific sporting event in Hawaii or are invited to provide services at a national sport training center, event, or competition in Hawaii, if certain conditions are met. Requires out-of-state physicians to provide notice to the Hawaii medical board.
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Payments Of Support.. Description: Includes tips or gratuities paid directly to an individual by a customer of the employer and reported or declared to the employer under the definition of income withheld by employers for payments of child or spousal support. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Fuel Tank Advisory Committee.. Description: Requires the fuel tank advisory committee to meet twice within a same calendar year at least six months apart.
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Environment.. Description: Directs the Department of Health to require the Clean Water Branch to perform water quality testing during brown water advisories, inform the public of health risks associated with water runoff during brown water advisories, and establish an Environmental Management Division Oversight Advisory Board. Requires and appropriates funds to the Auditor to conduct a performance and management audit of the Environmental Management Division. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Environmental Council.. Description: Establishes the environmental council special fund. Dedicates a portion of the environmental response, energy, and food security tax revenue to the environmental council special fund. Appropriates funds to the environmental council special fund from the environmental response revolving fund. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Offshore Drilling.. Description: Prohibits offshore drilling for oil or natural gas in state marine waters. Prohibits issuance of permits for or in connection with the development or operation of any facility or infrastructure associated with offshore drilling for oil or natural gas in state waters.
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Litter Control.. Description: Prohibits the intentional release of balloons inflated with a gas that is lighter than air.
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To School Meals.. Description: Requires the Department of Education to establish a plant-based food and beverage program to award funds to participating public schools who serve meals that include plant-based food options or plant-based milk options, under certain conditions. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Registration Fees.. Description: Reduces the annual vehicle registration fee by fifty per cent for disabled veterans who are fifty per cent or more disabled but less than one hundred per cent disabled. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Agriculture.. Description: Makes an appropriation to the University of Hawaii College of Tropical Agriculture and Human Resources for research and prevention of the spread of ornamental ginger pathogens. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Medical Cannabis.. Description: Authorizes the department of health to issue permits to medical cannabis dispensaries for the delivery of medical cannabis and manufactured cannabis products to qualifying patients or primary caregivers if certain conditions are met. Authorizes the department of health to issue medical cannabis transporter licenses in specific situations. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Disaster Relief.. Description: Extends the lapse date of the appropriations made by Act 12, Session Laws of Hawaii 2018, as amended by Act 35, Session Laws of Hawaii 2019, to June 30, 2023, for flooding disaster relief for Kauai and other areas of the State. Effective 6/29/2020. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Drug Offenses.. Description: Establishes a new misdemeanor offense of promoting a dangerous drug in the fourth degree, to include possession of dangerous drugs in amounts under two grams. Limits the class C felony offense of promoting a dangerous drug in the third degree to include possession of dangerous drugs in an amount of two grams or more. Takes effect 8/1/2020. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Elections.. Description: Effective 1/1/21: Makes housekeeping amendments to Hawaii's elections laws to clarify and improve the administration of elections by mail; prohibits agents of a candidate from providing voting assistance; changes the deadline to file nomination papers to the first Tuesday in May. Effective upon approval: Allows for the criminal referral of campaign finance law violations in addition to any administrative determination; increases the disqualification period for a person convicted of certain criminal election offenses from holding elective public office; repeals the exclusion of certain persons from criminal prosecution. (HD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Address Confidentiality.. Description: Appropriates funds for one full-time equivalent (1.0 FTE) position, operating costs, and equipment to support the Office of the Lieutenant Governor in administering the Address Confidentiality Program. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Kalaupapa Memorial.. Description: Appropriates funds for the design, plans, and construction of the Kalaupapa memorial. Effective 7/1/2051 (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Transportation Network Companies.. Description: Establishes rules, regulations, and permitting procedures for transportation network companies operating in the State. Makes permanent insurance requirements for transportation network companies and transportation network drivers. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Transit-oriented Development.. Description: Authorizes the director of finance to issue general obligation bonds to the department of business, economic development, and tourism for certain transit-oriented development projects. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Agricultural Lands.. Description: Clarifies that agriculture activities in non-agricultural park lands may include the care and production of pasture lands. Requires the transfer of certain lands from DLNR to DOA. Requires DLNR to accept and return to its land inventory, any parcel or portion thereof, transferred pursuant to this Act that the DOA has determined to be unsuitable or unnecessary for agricultural use. Requires reports to the Legislature on implementing the land transfers, addressing the concerns about stewardship, and compliance with the land transfers. Requires DLNR and DOA to identify potentially transferable lands whose land use classification is at dispute and petition the land use commission for a determination. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/2051. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Hilo Medical Center.. Description: Makes an appropriation for the equipment and construction of a second full-time catheterization laboratory at the Hilo medical center in the Hawaii health systems corporation east Hawaii region. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Waste.. Description: Requires cooperative housing corporations and unit owners' associations of high-rise condominium properties to provide at least one waste cooking oil receptacle in an easily accessible location on the property to allow residents to deposit grease and waste cooking oil. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Renewable Energy.. Description: Requires the Public Utilities Commission to contract with HNEI to conduct an independent renewable gas study. Appropriates funds from the Public Utilities Commission Special Fund. Amends the definition of renewable portfolio standard to be a percentage of electrical energy generation, rather than sales. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii enrolled a bill titled: Relating To Renewable Energy.. Description: Amends the requirements for each solar energy system to claim the renewable energy technologies income tax credit. (HD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Renewable Energy Tax Credits.. Description: Increases the cap amount of the renewable energy technologies income tax credit for solar water heating systems installed and placed in service for multi-family residential property. Beginning 1/1/2025, eliminates the renewable energy technologies income tax credit for solar energy systems for which the primary purpose is not to heat water. Preserves the tax credit for solar energy systems installed and placed in service pursuant to a power purchase agreement for commercial properties that was approved by the Public Utilities Commission prior to 12/31/2019. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Agriculture.. Description: Appropriates moneys to the Department of Agriculture for 3 full time equivalent (3.0 FTE) inspectors to perform meat inspection services. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Hawaiian Homes Commission Act.. Description: Requires DHHL to develop and implement a loan servicing manual. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Recordation Transaction Fees.. Description: Expands the uses of the transaction fee for recordings in the bureau of conveyances and land court authorized under Act 120, SLH 2009. Applies the fee to all services rendered by the bureau pursuant to chapters 501 and 502, HRS. Repeals the transaction fee upon the earlier of the effective date of adoption of rules by the Department of Land and Natural Resources or 7/1/2023. Effective 7/1/2051. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Water.. Description: Specifies in the State Water Code that fire safety use is a beneficial use of fresh water. Requires the department of land and natural resources, in consultation with the Hawaii emergency management agency, to cooperate with the counties and reservoir owners to develop protocols and agreements for the use of reservoir waters for fire safety purposes. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Access Hawaii Committee.. Description: Gives agencies more flexibility and online options to provide enhanced digital services to the public in order to better serve the public and businesses. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Information Technology Steering Committee.. Description: Preserves the continuity of the information technology steering committee to properly administer section 27-43, Hawaii Revised Statutes, while redefining the composition of the committee. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Making An Emergency Appropriation To The Stadium Authority.. Description: Makes an emergency appropriation to provide funds for the Stadium Authority for payroll, various repair and maintenance costs, contracts for services, and operating equipment. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Emergency Procurement.. Description: Revises emergency procurement laws to add equipment failures, repairs to public property to protect against further loss of, or damage to, public property, to prevent or minimize serious disruption in continued functioning of government services. Replaces approval by chief procurement officer with an accounting report to the Legislature within 60 days after the procurement is made. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Procurement.. Description: Changes the amounts to be posted for a protest bond from a flat fee for contracts under $1,000,000 to a percentage of the estimated value of the contract. Increases the percentage for contracts with estimated value of $1,000,000 or more. Repeals the cap on the maximum amount of the protest bond. Adds a sunset provision. Effective 1/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Making Appropriations For Claims Against The State, Its Officers, Or Its Employees.. Description: Makes appropriations and approves payments for claims against the State, its officers, and its employees. Effective retroactive to 6/30/2020. (HD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Law Enforcement Standards Board.. Description: Clarifies membership and certain powers and duties of the law enforcement standards board. Establishes deadlines for the completion of board responsibilities. Appropriates funds to enable the board to accomplish its mission. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Housing Loan And Mortgage Program.. Description: Increases the Hula Mae Multifamily Revenue Bond authorization ceiling amount to continue financing affordable rental housing statewide. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Compensation For The Purposes Of The Employees' Retirement System.. Description: Clarifies how compensation is calculated for the purposes of retirement benefits. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Brownfields Cleanup Revolving Loan Fund.. Description: Enables use of funds for environmental site assessments and for sub-grants to eligible entities for assessment and cleanup of brownfields sites. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Making Emergency Appropriations For Public Employment Cost Items.. Description: Makes emergency appropriations for collective bargaining cost items for the members of Unit (2) and their excluded counterparts, including the cost of salary adjustments negotiated between the State and the bargaining unit's exclusive representative, for fiscal biennium 20192021. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Making Emergency Appropriations For Public Employment Cost Items.. Description: Makes emergency appropriations for collective bargaining cost items for the members of Unit (3) and their excluded counterparts, including the cost of salary adjustments negotiated between the State and the exclusive representative, for fiscal biennium 20192021. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Public Employment Cost Items.. Description: Provides appropriations for collective bargaining cost items for the members of Unit (4) and their excluded counterparts, including the cost of salary adjustments negotiated between the State and the bargaining unit's exclusive representative, for fiscal biennium 20192021. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Public Employment Cost Items.. Description: Provides appropriations for collective bargaining cost items for the members of Unit (7) and their excluded counterparts, including the cost of salary adjustments negotiated between the State and the bargaining unit's exclusive representative, for fiscal biennium 2019-2021. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Making Emergency Appropriations For Public Employment Cost Items.. Description: Makes emergency appropriations for collective bargaining cost items for the members of Unit (8) and their excluded counterparts, including the cost of salary adjustments negotiated between the State and the bargaining unit's exclusive representative, for fiscal biennium 20192021 (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Making Emergency Appropriations For Public Employment Cost Items.. Description: Makes emergency appropriations for collective bargaining cost items for the members of Unit (9) and their excluded counterparts, including the cost of salary adjustments negotiated between the State and the bargaining unit's exclusive representative, for fiscal biennium 20192021. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Making Emergency Appropriations For Public Employment Cost Items.. Description: Makes emergency appropriations for collective bargaining cost items for the members of Unit (13) and their excluded counterparts, including the cost of salary adjustments negotiated between the State and the exclusive representative, for fiscal biennium 20192021. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Public Employment Cost Items.. Description: Provides appropriations for collective bargaining cost items for the members of Unit (14) and their excluded counterparts, including the cost of salary adjustments negotiated between the State and the bargaining unit representative, for fiscal biennium 20192021. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii enrolled a bill titled: Relating To The Hawaii Employer-union Health Benefits Trust Fund Employee-beneficiary Monthly Contributions.. Description: Requires newly retired employees and surviving employee-beneficiaries to pay their share of health benefits premiums through monthly electronic deductions from their employees' retirement system pension or their financial institution. Requires monthly contributions not electronically withheld, deducted, or transmitted to be paid directly to the employees' retirement system fund by the first day of each month. (HD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Qualified Domestic Relations Orders.. Description: Amendments to clarify benefits to alternate payees, advisory review determinations of Hawaii Domestic Relations Orders and the priority of multiple orders. Effective date 7/1/51. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Professional And Vocational Licensing Trust Funds.. Description: Allows the contractors license board and real estate commission to adjust recovery fund and education fund fees to maintain a reasonable relation between the fees generated and the cost of services rendered by the funds. Caps the funds at amounts determined biennially by the contractors license board and real estate commission. Applies retroactively to 7/1/2020. Supersedes contrary amendments made by Act 29, Session Laws of Hawaii 2019. (HD3)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Contractors Recovery Fund.. Description: Increases the monetary amount an injured homeowner may recover from the Contractors Recovery Fund. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Hurricane Preparedness.. Description: Establishes the Safe Home Program to provide matching and nonmatching grants for installation of wind resistive devices to single-family, owner-occupied, residential property owners upon certain circumstances. Creates one temporary position within the Insurance Division of the Department of Commerce and Consumer Affairs to implement and administer the Safe Home Program. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Mixed Martial Arts.. Description: Allows mixed martial arts promoters to pay fighters with cash. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Insurance.. Description: Institutes various consumer protections with regard to public adjusters, including requiring contractual terms and disclosures and granting a right to rescind. Imposes a standard of conduct on various entities. Authorizes the Insurance Commissioner to waive or modify certain fees by order. Reinstates the right to an administrative hearing and appeal from an order. Amends the Hawaii joint underwriting plan board of governors. Clarifies that rewards under wellness programs do not qualify as prohibited rebates. Makes various housekeeping amendments. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii enrolled a bill titled: Relating To Mental Health Counselors.. Description: Clarifies that the practicum internship experience requirement is to be included with the course work in counseling requirement for mental health counselors. Clarifies that the supervised mental health practicum intern experience requirement is a total of 300 hours of supervised client contact across two academic terms. Permits applicants to fulfill all or part of their face-to-face clinical supervision requirement by a videoconference service. (HD2)
In 2020, Hawaii enrolled a bill titled: Relating To Massage Therapy.. Description: Requires the board of massage therapy to adopt and enforce sanitation rules for massage therapy establishments. Repeals existing statutory language that classifies unlicensed activity as a petty misdemeanor in favor of existing statutes that treat unlicensed activity as a misdemeanor. Increases the fines for violations of the laws regulating massage therapy. (HD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Mortgage Loan Recovery Fund.. Description: Expands the pool of persons eligible to receive restitution from the mortgage loan recovery fund. Authorizes the director of commerce and consumer affairs to issue orders for restitution. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To State Service Fees.. Description: Applies section 92-28, Hawaii Revised Statutes, to all fees collected by the Department of Commerce and Consumer Affairs. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Peer Review Oversight Committee.. Description: Clarifies the role of the Board of Public Accountancy in selecting members to serve on the Board's Peer Review Oversight Committee.
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Cemetery Authority Exemption.. Description: Clarifies that churches granted an exemption under section 441-22.1, Hawaii Revised Statutes, are exempt from all requirements of chapter 441, Hawaii Revised Statutes, and that other exempted entities shall comply with any provision of this chapter upon order of the director of commerce and consumer affairs. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Public Utilities Commission Special Fund Carryover Balance.. Description: Increases the balance that may be retained in the public utilities commission special fund at the end of each fiscal year from $1,000,000 to $3,000,000. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Hawaii Emergency Management Agency.. Description: Establishes and appropriates funds from the hazard mitigation special fund. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Hawaii Emergency Management Agency.. Description: Converts the public information officer, civil defense administrative officer, branch chiefs, and emergency operations center state warning point personnel in the Hawaii Emergency Management Agency from civil service status to exempt status. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Emergency Management.. Description: Establishes a long-term recovery authority to work with the state disaster recovery coordinator to enhance the capacity of the government, relevant agencies, and the community to recover from the impacts of disasters and build resilience and sustainability in the State. Appropriates moneys. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Statewide Interoperable Public Safety Communications.. Description: Establishes a statewide interoperable communications executive committee for public safety communications, statewide interoperable communications technical subcommittee to provide technical advice to the executive committee, and the position of the statewide interoperable communications coordinator. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Office Of Youth Services.. Description: Establishes the office of youth services revolving fund. Requires the office of youth services to provide commercial enterprise vocational programs, including the sale of goods and services, to young adults to promote self-sustainability. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Reports Of Child Abuse.. Description: Adds immunity from civil and criminal liability for individuals who provide information or assistance in child abuse investigations. Effective 6/30/2020. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii enrolled a bill titled: Relating To Chronically Homeless.. Description: Amends the definition of "chronically homeless individual" to provide clarity and improve the delivery and development of homeless services. (HD2)
In 2020, Hawaii enrolled a bill titled: Relating To Child Care.. Description: Clarifies certain requirements regarding licensure of child care facilities, including exemptions from licensure, health and safety standards, and investigations of violations. (HD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Marriage License Fees.. Description: Amends the marriage license statute to support the Hawaii Birth Defects Program, modernization of the vital statistics system, and operating costs of marriage license agents. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Public Notices.. Description: Allows government agencies to publish public notice on their official website as an alternative to the newspaper. Effective 1/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Medicare Civil Monetary Penalty Special Fund.. Description: Repeals the spending ceiling for moneys in the civil monetary penalty special fund for use by the Department of Health for Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services-approved compliance activities. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Newborn Hearing Screening.. Description: Amends the newborn hearing screening statute to mandate reporting of diagnostic audiologic evaluation results to improve hearing follow-up of infants. Updates definitions and terminology. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Hearing And Vision Program.. Description: Amends the hearing and vision program statute to increase the early identification of children with hearing or vision loss by establishing consistent protocols for hearing and vision screening and follow-up, screener training, and data collection for quality improvement. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Flavored Tobacco Products.. Description: Bans the sale of flavored tobacco products. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Payment Of Debt Service On The Turtle Bay Reimbursable General Obligation Bonds.. Description: Requires the Board of Land and Natural Resources to expend $1,500,000 per fiscal year from the Land Conservation Fund to be used for the reimbursement of debt service on the Turtle Bay reimbursable general obligation bonds. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Boating Reports.. Description: Requires the fire chief and ocean safety director of each county, in addition to the director of public safety and police chief of each county, to transmit to the department of land and natural resources a copy of every report relating to boating accidents or the theft, loss, or recovery of vessels. Requires all reports submitted to be unredacted. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Ocean Recreation Commercial Permits.. Description: Authorizes the Department of Land and Natural Resources to issue new ocean recreation commercial permits by public auction. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Lifeguard Services At State Park Beaches.. Description: Allocates transient accommodations tax revenues to the Department of Land and Natural Resources to cover lifeguard service expenses incurred at state park beaches. Appropriates funds from the state parks special fund for lifeguard services at state beach parks. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Electronic Prescription Accountability System.. Description: Allows advanced practice registered nurses, pharmacists serving customers, authorized employees of the department of human services med-QUEST division, and licensed health care providers or delegates of the providers employed by the United States Department of Veterans Affairs to access information stored in the electronic prescription accountability system. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Electronic Prescription Accountability System.. Description: Requires that the dispensing of a pharmacist-prescribed opioid antagonist be reported to the State's electronic prescription accountability system. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Conformity To The Internal Revenue Code.. Description: Conforms Hawaii income and estate and generation-skipping transfer tax laws to the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended as of 3/27/2020, with special provisions to conform to parts of federal Public Law 116-136, the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act, which took effect on 3/27/2020. Conforms Hawaii estate and generation-skipping transfer tax laws to the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended as of 12/31/2019. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Withholding Tax.. Description: Amends the due date for employers to file the wage and tax statement from the last day of February to January 31 following the close of the calendar year. Imposes a penalty on employers that fail to timely furnish and file, or file electronically if required, the wage and tax statement. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Transient Accommodations Tax.. Description: Amends the transient accommodations tax law to repeal the misdemeanor penalty for failing to register and replace it with a civil fine structure. Makes various technical amendments. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Tax Administration.. Description: Allows the Department of Taxation to mandate the electronic filing of partnership and S-corporation returns if the taxpayer's gross receipts exceed $250,000. Requires certain tax return preparers to file returns electronically. Amends the rules for electronic funds transfer to remove the authorization to require electronic funds transfer or electronic filing if the federal government required that person to file or pay electronically. Removes the timeliness requirement from the electronic funds transfer penalty. Removes the authority of the department to charge for certified copies of tax clearances. Amends the statute that mandates tax clearances for liquor license holders. Clarifies the interest rate for payments made to taxpayers out of the litigated claims fund. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Payment For Airport Charges.. Description: Authorizes the use of debit cards and online electronic payment systems to pay for certain airport charges. Allows the airport or purchaser to pay for processing fees and charges. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Aquatic Biosecurity.. Description: Appropriates funds to the Department of Land and Natural Resources for staffing and operating expenditures for aquatic biosecurity. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Crimes On Agricultural Lands.. Description: Imposes extended terms of imprisonment for certain offenses against property rights committed on agricultural lands. Takes effect 6/18/2050. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Stadium Development District.. Description: Establishes the stadium development special fund. Defines "stadium development district" and "district". Establishes general development guidance policies for the stadium authority's actions in the stadium development district. Requires the stadium authority to submit annual comprehensive status reports to the legislature. Broadens the powers and duties of the stadium authority that includes authorizing the stadium authority to acquire and hold title to real property. Exempts land to which the stadium authority holds title from the definition of "public lands". Transfers authority to issue leases of lands within the stadium development district from the Hawaii community development authority to the stadium authority, including expenditure of general funds and issuance of revenue and general revenue bonds proceeds provided by Act 268, SLH 2019. Authorizes the stadium authority, with approval from the governor, to delegate to other state agencies implementation of capital improvement projects, under certain conditions. Repeals part IX of chapter 206E, HRS, relating to the stadium development district. Broadens the representation of the stadium authority by adding two members to its membership. Makes the financial disclosures of members of the stadium authority public records pursuant to section 84-17(d), HRS. (HD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Education.. Description: Requires the Department of Education to establish and administer an ocean safety and stewardship education program for all fourth grade students. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Homelessness.. Description: Allows the governor's coordinator on homelessness, in conjunction with the Hawaii interagency council on homelessness, to develop plans for the city and county of Honolulu and the counties of Hawaii, Kauai, and Maui to coordinate the services and shelter facilities of public agencies and nonprofit organizations to meet the concerns of communities impacted by homelessness and the needs of the homeless population within each county. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Housing.. Description: Establishes the ALOHA homes program to develop low-cost homes on state-owned and county-owned land in urban redevelopment sites to be sold in leasehold by the Hawaii Housing Finance and Development Corporation (HHFDC) to qualified residents. Exempts certain land from the definition of public lands. Requires HHFDC to gain legislative approval before disposing of certain lands. Requires HHFDC to transfer a number of ALOHA homes units to the Department of Hawaiian Home Lands or Office of Hawaiian Affairs. Provides for the disposition of lands acquired by HHFDC, but no longer needed for the ALOHA homes program. Requires HHFDC to develop an ALOHA homes demonstration project by July 1, 2025. Appropriates funds. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Short-term Rental Assistance.. Description: Establishes the short-term rental assistance fund and short-term rental assistance program. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Housing.. Description: Appropriates funds to the Hawaii Public Housing Authority for the state rent supplement program. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Vessels.. Description: Makes clarifications regarding removal of unauthorized vessels on state property or in the waters of the State. Makes clarifications regarding the definition of an abandoned vessel. Changes the time limit to claim an unauthorized vessel that is impounded by the department of land and natural resources from thirty days to ten working days. Changes the time limit to claim an abandoned vessel that is impounded by a state or county agency from twenty days to ten working days. Makes abandonment of a vessel on waters of the State or public property a petty misdemeanor. Makes clarifications to auction requirements regarding abandoned vessels. Allows DLNR to charge an impound storage fee. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Coffee Labeling.. Description: Includes Hawaii-grown green coffee, cherry coffee, and parchment coffee in the coffee labeling requirements. Requires coffee blend labels to disclose geographic origins and regional origins and per cent by weight of the blended coffees. Prohibits using geographic origins of coffee in labeling or advertising for roasted coffee, instant coffee, Hawaii-grown green coffee, cherry coffee, or parchment coffee that contains less than a certain percentage of coffee by weight from that geographic origin, phased in to a minimum of 51 per cent on or after 7/1/2022. Prohibits use of the term "All Hawaiian" in labeling or advertising for roasted coffee, instant coffee, Hawaii-grown green coffee, cherry coffee, or parchment coffee not produced entirely from green coffee beans grown and processed in Hawaii. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/2150. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Wages.. Description: Makes general contractors entering into or under contracts in the State for work on buildings, structures, or other private works liable for debt incurred by subcontractors for wages due to claimants for performance of labor in the contract between the general contractor and owner. Effective 7/1/51. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Intoxicating Liquor.. Description: Exempts applications for a class 1 license on land designated as agricultural by state or county zoning laws and for which the majority of the agricultural commodities used in the manufacturing of the liquor are grown and produced in the State by the license holder from the automatic refusal provision that may be invoked by a majority of nearby voters or real estate owners. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Loan Repayment For Health Care Professionals.. Description: Appropriates funds for the health care provider loan repayment program. Effective 7/1/3000. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Veterinarians.. Description: Provides veterinarians who provide emergency care to an animal immunity from civil liability in the absence of gross negligence. Provides veterinarians who render emergency treatment when there is no veterinarian-client-patient relationship, immunity from civil liability in the absence of gross negligence. Requires veterinarians to report to law enforcement events of animal injury, death, or abuse where there is reasonable cause to believe that it relates to dog fighting or animal abuse and gives veterinarians immunity from civil liability for making the reports. Effective 7/31/2150. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Campaign Finance.. Description: Allows candidates seeking election to use campaign funds for child care costs, under certain conditions. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Motorcycles.. Description: Permanently authorizes the Department of Transportation under certain conditions to designate shoulders upon which the Department may authorize the driving of motorcycles.
In 2020, Hawaii enrolled a bill titled: Relating To Commercial Driver's Licenses.. Description: Aligns the commercial driver's license qualification standards with federal regulations by repealing language related to medical waivers due to diabetes. Makes conforming amendments to Code of Federal Regulations citations. Effective 9/1/2020. (HD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Highway Safety.. Description: Establishes the Photo Red Light Imaging Detector Systems Program (Program). Authorizes counties to administer the Program. Requires proceeds of fines to be expended in the county from which they were collected for operation of the Program. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Electric Foot Scooters.. Description: Establishes a framework for the regulation of electric foot scooters by the State and counties. Amends definitions of "moped" to exclude electric foot scooters. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Landlord-tenant Code.. Description: Prohibits landlords from recovering possession of a dwelling unit from tenants if it is uninhabitable. Sets a tenant's liability for rent if it is uninhabitable. Provides remedies for retaliatory evictions. Takes effect 8/26/2050. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Partition Actions.. Description: Requires commissioners in partition actions to file reports with the court and fully inform all interested parties of any intended applications to be filed with any department, state agency, or county to carry out the partition or division of real property, including water meter permits. Requires commissioners to provide interested parties the right to object to the report and be heard at a hearing. Requires commissioners to file a report with the court including proposed language of any deed of partition or of sale.
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Tax Credits.. Description: Requires the Department of Business, Economic Development, and Tourism to make a public disclosure identifying the names of the taxpayers who are receiving tax credits and the total amount of tax credit received for specific economic activities. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Measurement Standards.. Description: Exempts hydrogen fuels from measurement requirements of petroleum products. (HD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The State Of Hawaii Museum Of Monarchy History.. Description: Appropriates funds for the purposes of restoration, repair, maintenance, operation, and one full-time equivalent (1.0 FTE) permanent park caretaker II for Iolani Palace and nearby structures on palace grounds. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Education.. Description: Establishes criteria for industry certification awards to public high schools and appropriates funds to the department of education to incentivize public high schools to encourage students to obtain industry-recognized certifications. Requires the department to submit an annual report containing specified information about the progress of the incentivization. Effective 7/1/2051. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To On-site Early Childhood Facilities.. Description: Establishes an income tax credit for employers who create onsite early childhood facilities. Establishes and appropriates funds for 1.0 FTE on-site early childhood facility coordinator position. Effective 7/1/2051. Applies to taxable years beginning after 12/31/2020. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Procurement.. Description: Makes an appropriation to the Department of Accounting and General Services for the purposes of funding training, development, and consulting services for innovative project delivery. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Psychologists.. Description: Requires the board of psychology to establish a pilot program to grant prescriptive authority to qualified psychologist applicants in counties with a population of less than 100,000 persons. Repeals on 8/31/2025. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Taxation.. Description: Establishes the ocean sciences research tax credit. Effective 7/1/2051. Applies to taxable years beginning after 12/31/2020. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Renewable Energy Technologies Tax Credits.. Description: Repeals the renewable energy technologies income tax credit for solar energy systems installed and placed in service for commercial properties that require a power purchase agreement (PPA) approved by the PUC, except for certain solar energy systems. Increases the renewable energy technologies income tax credit cap amount for multi-family residential properties. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Charter Schools.. Description: Amends the performance framework requirements for charter schools. Amends authorizers' reporting and audit requirements. Amends authorizers' responsibilities in reviewing charter applications. Effective 7/1/2051. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Taro.. Description: Excludes up to $100,000 of income derived from taro production from the state income tax. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Pesticides.. Description: Establishes a glyphosate task force to assess the impact of glyphosate on Hawaii's natural environment, human health, and agriculture. Effective 7/31/2150. Repeals 6/30/2022. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Agriculture.. Description: Extends the deadline for submitting the strategic plan required by Act 151, Session Laws of Hawaii 2019. Extends the lapse date for funds appropriated by the Act to 6/30/2021. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Invasive Species.. Description: Appropriates funds to the Department of Agriculture for its efforts to mitigate and control two-lined spittlebug infestations in the State. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Offenses Against Health Care Security Professionals.. Description: Classifies the offense of assault in the second degree of a health care security professional as a class C felony. Effective January 2, 2050. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Penal Liability For Business Entities.. Description: Requires a court to order the charter of a corporation forfeited and the certificate authorizing a foreign corporation to do business in the State revoked upon a felony or misdemeanor conviction of the corporation or its high managerial agent that is related to its business affairs. Repeals the requirement for findings for a court to order forfeiture of a charter or revocation of a certificate. Requires similar penalties for various partnership entities and limited liability companies and their foreign counterparts convicted of a felony or misdemeanor. Permits the winding up of the business. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii enrolled a bill titled: Relating To Firearm Registration.. Description: Requires every person who permanently moves firearms out of the State to contact the county police department where the firearms are registered to notify that police department that the firearms have been moved out of State within five days of their removal from the State. Imposes a fine of $100 per firearm for violations. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Mopeds.. Description: Prohibits a retailer from selling or offering for sale combustion engine-powered mopeds beginning January 1, 2022. Effective 6/18/2050. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Technology Transfer At The University Of Hawaii.. Description: Provide a three-year extension of the sunset provision in Act 38, Session Laws of Hawaii 2017. Effective 7/1/2051. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The University Of Hawaii.. Description: Repeals the sunset provision in Act 39, Session Laws of Hawaii 2017. Effective 7/2/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Campaign Finance.. Description: Increases the maximum amount of public funds available in each election to certain state candidates by 10% annually. Increases the amount of voluntary state income tax check-off contributions that may be designated for the Hawaii election campaign fund beginning on 1/1/2021. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Hawaii Community Development Authority.. Description: Amends the nominating authority of the representatives of the Heeia community development district, Kalaeloa community development district, and Kakaako community development district on the Hawaii Community Development Authority. Provides that the Hawaii Community Development Authority shall not have jurisdiction over the development of lands under the Stadium Authority's jurisdiction. Repeals provisions relating to the stadium development district. Amends Act 268, SLH 2019, by making the Stadium Authority responsible for expending the appropriations made by that Act and authorizing the Stadium Authority, rather than the Hawaii Community Development Authority, to issue the revenue bonds authorized by that Act. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Conveyance Tax.. Description: Removes the dollar amount cap to be paid into the rental housing revolving fund from state conveyance tax revenues. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii enrolled a bill titled: Proposing An Amendment To Article Ix, Section 5, Of The Constitution Of The State Of Hawaii.. Description: Proposes an amendment to article IX, section 5, of the Constitution of the State of Hawaii, to require the State to place housing for its residents among its highest priorities and to implement this provision by statute. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Prince Jonah Kuhio Kalanianaole.. Description: Requires certain public buildings on Hawaiian home lands to display portraits of Prince Jonah Kuhio Kalanianaole. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Campaign Finance.. Description: Increases the maximum amount of public funds available to certain state candidates in each election. Increases the amount of voluntary state income tax check-off contributions that may be designated for the Hawaii election campaign fund beginning on 1/1/2021.
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Emergency Management.. Description: Requires the Hawaii emergency management agency to inventory all designated emergency shelters and their ability to withstand a category one hurricane or higher. Requires Hawaii emergency management agency to provide a list of shelters and their respective hurricane ratings to the legislature. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To World War Ii Commemoration.. Description: Appropriates funds for programs, ceremonies, and activities commemorating the 75th anniversary of the end of World War II. Effective 7/1/51. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The State Building Code Council.. Description: Appropriates funds to establish one full-time equivalent (1.0 FTE) program director position and one full-time equivalent (1.0 FTE) staff member position, and to provide for employee training, materials and supplies, other costs associated with the state building code council, and any costs necessary to establish a full-time office. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Appropriations For Public Employment Cost Items.. Description: Appropriates funds for public employment cost items of and cost adjustments for employees of various legislative agencies. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The Judiciary.. Description: Appropriates supplemental funds for the Judiciary for the fiscal biennium beginning 7/1/2019, and ending 6/30/2021. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Solid Waste Management.. Description: Establishes a solid waste management goal of reducing the State's solid waste stream prior to disposal by 70% by 2030. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Interscholastic Athletic Associations.. Description: Designates the official interscholastic athletic associations for each county in the State. Excludes these interscholastic athletic associations from the standards and conditions related to the receipt of funds contained in Chapter 42F, HRS. Appropriates funds to support the continued operations of the official interscholastic athletic association for each county in the State. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Department Of Business, Economic Development, And Tourism.. Description: Appropriates funds for various positions in the DBEDT creative industries division for fiscal year 2020-2021. Makes a housekeeping, technical amendment to the Hawaii film and creative industries special fund and makes an appropriation out of that special fund. Effective 07/01/2051. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Agriculture.. Description: Establishes an agricultural production tax credit. Applies to taxable years beginning after 12/31/2020. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Emergency Medical Services.. Description: Enables the Hawaii medical board to certify emergency medical responders other than emergency ambulance service personnel. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To State Holidays.. Description: Reestablishes La Kuokoa, Hawaiian Recognition Day, as an official state holiday. Effective 7/1/2051. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Climate Change.. Description: Implements the recommendations of the Hawaii Sea Level Rise Vulnerability and Adaptation Report issued by the Hawaii Climate Change Mitigation and Adaptation Commission. Makes an appropriation to the Department of Health to conduct a sea level rise mitigation review and report to the Legislature. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Sustainable Development Goals.. Description: Codifies sustainable development goals based on the United Nations' Sustainable Development Goals and indicators. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii enrolled a bill titled: Relating To A School Facilities Agency.. Description: Establishes the school facilities agency to be responsible for all public school development, planning, and construction, related to capital improvement projects assigned by the legislature, governor, or board of education. Places management of school impact fees with the agency. (HD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Land Development.. Description: Establishes a residential leasehold program within the Hawaii Housing Finance and Development Corporation. Exempts from the definition of public lands, lands set aside by the Governor or leased by any state department or agency to the Hawaii Housing Finance and Development Corporation, for the primary purposes of developing affordable housing. Requires the Hawaii Housing Finance and Development Corporation to submit a report to the Legislature that identifies all state lands that may be developed for multi-unit dwellings. Requires the Hawaii Housing Finance and Development Corporation to submit a report to the Legislature that addresses various housing concerns, including the steps necessary to end the State's housing shortage. Authorizes the issuance of $275,000,000 in general obligation bonds, with the proceeds used for the establishment of infrastructure to support the development of housing. Appropriates $500,000 for 3 full-time equivalent (3.0 FTE) project manager positions. Authorizes a person to petition the appropriate county land use decision-making authority, rather than the Land Use Commission, for a change in the boundary of a district involving land areas between 15 acres and 25 acres where the majority of the development will be for affordable housing. Authorizes the State Historic Preservation Division to delegate the responsibility of historic preservation project reviews to the impacted county. Establishes the Office of the Housing Advocate. Removes the existing statutory cap on the amount of conveyance tax revenues that are deposited into the rental housing revolving fund each fiscal year. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Property.. Description: Prohibits nonresident aliens and businesses and trusts that are significantly controlled by nonresident aliens from acquiring certain residential property in the State, except as otherwise provided by law. Effective 12/31/50. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Electric Vehicles.. Description: Defines "alternative fuel vehicle" for the purpose of annual vehicle registration surcharge fees. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Agricultural Leases.. Description: Gives preference rights for an agricultural park lot and a non-agricultural park land lease to lessees who have made a significant improvement to the land that furthers commercial agricultural operations. Adds the same preferences for a non-agricultural park land lease as those for an agricultural park lot lease. Requires the department of agriculture to define "agricultural improvement" in administrative rules. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii enrolled a bill titled: Relating To Homelessness.. Description: Extends the emergency department homelessness assessment pilot program and medical respite pilot program to 06/30/2021. Clarifies the lapse date for encumbered resources for the pilot programs that were previously appropriated pursuant to Act 209, SLH 2018. Effective retroactively to 06/29/2019. (HD2)
In 2020, Hawaii enrolled a bill titled: Relating To Statutory Revision: Amending Or Repealing Various Provisions Of The Hawaii Revised Statutes Or The Session Laws Of Hawaii For The Purposes Of Correcting Errors And References, Clarifying Language, Or Deleting Obsolete Or Unnecessary Provisions.. Description: Amends or repeals various provisions of the Hawaii Revised Statutes or the Session Laws of Hawaii for the purposes of correcting errors and references, clarifying language, or deleting obsolete or unnecessary provisions. (SB3119 HD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Health.. Description: Requires the state council on developmental disabilities to convene a working group to study the design and implementation of a program for providing home- and community-based services to individuals with intellectual or developmental disabilities who are found, through assessment, to be at risk of institutionalization. Requires a report to the legislature. Effective 12/31/2059. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Taxation.. Description: Changes the income tax rates for taxable years beginning after 12/31/2020. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Prisons.. Description: Establishes a working group within the department of public safety to study the feasibility of a pilot program to reduce recidivism, focusing on providing inmates with vocational training, in addition to business, entrepreneurial, and financial literacy education. Requires a report to the legislature. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Housing.. Description: Removes limit on costs eligible for exemption from general excise tax for development costs of affordable rental housing certified by the Hawaii Housing Finance and Development Corporation. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Legal Services For Low-income Immigrants.. Description: Appropriates funds to the Department of Labor and Industrial Relations, Office of Community Services to contract with nonprofit service providers for legal counsel to assist and represent lowincome immigrants in immigration proceedings and immigrant status issues. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Issuance Of Special Purpose Revenue Bonds To Assist Pueo Development, Llc.. Description: Authorizes the issuance of special purpose revenue bonds for a master planned development proposed by Pueo Development, LLC. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Procurement.. Description: Requires the State Procurement Office and the Public Works Division of the Department of Accounting and General Services to develop a ten-year pilot program to enable innovative methods of procurement. Establishes an exempt innovative project delivery officer position within the Public Works Division. Makes an appropriation. Repeals 7/1/2031. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Grants For Local Recycling Facilities.. Description: Requires the office of solid waste management to establish a recycled products manufacturing grant program to support recycled products manufacturers or bioconversion or compositing businesses in the State. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/2050. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Taxation.. Description: Amends the environmental response, energy, and food security tax to address carbon emissions. Increases the tax rate to effectively set a price of an unspecified amount per metric ton of carbon dioxide emissions in 2021. Incrementally increases the tax rate over time so that, in 2030, the tax rate shall be equivalent to a carbon price of an unspecified amount per metric ton of carbon emissions. Establishes a refundable tax credit for lower-income individuals. Effective 7/1/2050. Tax credit applies to taxable years beginning after 12/31/2021. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Equal Access To Public Conveniences.. Description: Requires that restrooms and toilet facilities of public amusement facilities constructed, renovated, retrofitted, or installed after 1/1/2021 have 2 female-use toilets for each male-use toilet or urinal.
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Environmental Impact Statements.. Description: Defines "cultural assessment" and "cultural impact assessment". Requires cultural assessments to be available for public review and comment in connection with draft environmental assessments. Requires a cultural impact assessment if an agency determines a proposed action may have a significant effect on the environment. Takes effect 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Animal Cruelty.. Description: Beginning 12/31/2025, prohibits the confinement of specified farm animals in a cruel manner and prohibits business owners and operators from selling certain products made from those animals. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Education.. Description: Establishes a statewide transition success network for high school students with disabilities starting fiscal year 20212022, with a pilot project to begin in fiscal year 20202021. Appropriates funds. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii enrolled a bill titled: Relating To Motor Vehicles.. Description: Prohibits intentionally or knowingly manufacturing, importing, installing, reinstalling, distributing, selling, or offering for sale any counterfeit supplemental restraint system component, nonfunctional air bag, or air bag that does not meet federal safety requirements, with the intent that such device replace an air bag in any air-bag-required motor vehicle. Prohibits intentionally or knowingly selling, offering for sale, installing, or reinstalling in an air-bag-required motor vehicle any device that causes the air-bag-required motor vehicle's diagnostic systems to fail to warn that an air bag is not installed or the air-bag-required motor vehicle is equipped with a counterfeit supplemental restraint system component or nonfunctional air bag, as applicable. (HD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The State Surfing Commission.. Description: Establishes the State Commission on Surfing within the Hawaii Tourism Authority. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The Green Environment.. Description: Adds objectives, policies, and implementation guidelines for planning for the lei of green to the Hawaii State Planning Act. Requires a report to the Legislature and appropriates funds for costs associated with researching, compiling, and submitting the report. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD2)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Transportation.. Description: Increases the minimum and potential maximum fine for violating Hawaii Revised Statutes sections 291-22, 291-24, and 291-24.5, which prohibit the installation and sale of noisy mufflers.
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To The State Health Insurance Assistance Program.. Description: Appropriates funds for the state health insurance assistance program. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Relating To Motor Vehicle Registration.. Description: Provides that any authorization by a county director of finance for an electronic method of motor vehicle registration, including the acceptance of any supplemental documents in electronic form, shall extend to all types of motor vehicles and intermodal equipment. Takes effect 1/1/2021. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Making An Emergency Appropriation To The State Public Charter School Commission.. Description: Makes an emergency appropriation to provide funds for the state public charter school commission to pay the claim and settlement amount pursuant to Miller-Potter v. State of Hawaii, et al., Civil No. 16-1-0385K. Effective 7/1/2050. (SD1)
In 2020, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Committee Membership Of The House Of Representatives Of The Thirtieth Legislature.. Description: Relating To Committee Membership Of The House Of Representatives Of The Thirtieth Legislature.
In 2020, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Honoring And Celebrating The Co-founders And Board Members Of The Polynesian Football Hall Of Fame And The Organizing Committee Of The Polynesian Bowl.. Description: Honoring And Celebrating The Co-founders And Board Members Of The Polynesian Football Hall Of Fame And The Organizing Committee Of The Polynesian Bowl.
In 2020, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Commending The Kalihi Palama Culture And Arts Society For Their Service To Our Keiki And The Native Hawaiian Culture.. Description: Commending The Kalihi Palama Culture And Arts Society For Their Service To Our Keiki And The Native Hawaiian Culture.
In 2020, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Recognizing James T. Funaki, Esq. For His Exemplary Career And Extraordinary Contributions To The House Of Representatives And The State Of Hawaii.. Description: Recognizing James T. Funaki, Esq. For His Exemplary Career And Extraordinary Contributions To The House Of Representatives And The State Of Hawaii.
In 2020, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting That The Wall Street Journal Include Hawaiian Airlines In The Newspaper's Future Rankings Of The Best And Worst Airlines In The United States.. Description: Requesting That The Wall Street Journal Include Hawaiian Airlines In The Newspaper's Future Rankings Of The Best And Worst Airlines In The United States.
In 2020, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Recognizing The 15th Anniversary Of The Legacy Land Conservation Program.. Description: Recognizing The 15th Anniversary Of The Legacy Land Conservation Program.
In 2020, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Commending Duane Desoto And Malia Kaaihue For Their Commitment And Outstanding Involvement In The Native Hawaiian Community.. Description: Commending Duane Desoto And Malia Kaaihue For Their Commitment And Outstanding Involvement In The Native Hawaiian Community.
In 2020, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Honoring And Commending Melody Kapilialoha Mackenzie For Being The 2020 Native Hawaiian Caucus Outstanding Kupuna.. Description: Honoring And Commending Melody Kapilialoha Mackenzie For Being The 2020 Native Hawaiian Caucus Outstanding Kupuna.
In 2020, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Recognizing The 200th Anniversary Of Christianity In Hawaii.. Description: Recognizing The 200th Anniversary Of Christianity In Hawaii.
In 2020, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Honoring Kamehameha Schools As The 2020 Hawaiian Affairs Caucus Outstanding Organization.. Description: Honoring Kamehameha Schools As The 2020 Hawaiian Affairs Caucus Outstanding Organization.
In 2020, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Establishing The Select House Committee On Covid-19 Economic And Financial Preparedness.. Description: Establishing The Select House Committee On Covid-19 Economic And Financial Preparedness.
In 2020, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Congratulating The Lahainaluna Lunas On Winning The 2019 Division Ii Football Championship.. Description: Congratulating The Lahainaluna Lunas On Winning The 2019 Division Ii Football Championship.
In 2020, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Recognizing And Congratulating The 2019 Hawaii Healthcare Heroes For Delivering Outstanding And Exemplary Care To Patients And Their Families Across The State.. Description: Recognizing And Congratulating The 2019 Hawaii Healthcare Heroes For Delivering Outstanding And Exemplary Care To Patients And Their Families Across The State.
In 2020, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Recognizing Peter Apo For His Outstanding Service And Contribution To The State Of Hawaii And The Native Hawaiian People.. Description: Recognizing Peter Apo For His Outstanding Service And Contribution To The State Of Hawaii And The Native Hawaiian People.
In 2020, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Governor To Address The Legislature Assembled In Joint Session.. Description: Requesting The Governor To Address The Legislature Assembled In Joint Session.
In 2020, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Congratulating The Kauai County Planning Department For Their Plan, Kauai Kakou: Kauai County General Plan.. Description: Congratulating The Kauai County Planning Department For Their Plan, Kauai Kakou: Kauai County General Plan.
In 2020, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Recognizing The State Of Hawaii Office Of Planning And The Hawaii Housing Finance And Development Corporation For Their Award-winning Hawaii Strategic Plan For Transit-oriented Development.. Description: Recognizing The State Of Hawaii Office Of Planning And The Hawaii Housing Finance And Development Corporation For Their Award-winning Hawaii Strategic Plan For Transit-oriented Development.
In 2020, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Celebrating The National And World Accomplishments Of Hawaii's Women Surfers.. Description: Celebrating The National And World Accomplishments Of Hawaii's Women Surfers.
In 2020, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Honoring Robert Lopaka Kapanui For His Dedication And Passion To Perpetuating Hawaii's Rich Cultural Legacy And History Through The Art Of Storytelling.. Description: Honoring Robert Lopaka Kapanui For His Dedication And Passion To Perpetuating Hawaii's Rich Cultural Legacy And History Through The Art Of Storytelling.
In 2020, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Congratulating The Saint Louis Crusaders On Winning The 2019 Division I-open Football Championship.. Description: Congratulating The Saint Louis Crusaders On Winning The 2019 Division I-open Football Championship.
In 2020, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Recognizing Kapena For Their Lifelong Achievements And Profound Impact On Island Music.. Description: Recognizing Kapena For Their Lifelong Achievements And Profound Impact On Island Music.
In 2020, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Amending The Rules Of The House Of Representatives To Temporarily Allow Remote Participation.. Description: Amending The Rules Of The House Of Representatives To Temporarily Allow Remote Participation.
In 2020, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Authorizing And Empowering The Speaker To Perform And Carry Out Any Official Legislative Business During The Interim Between The 2020 And 2021 Regular Sessions.. Description: Authorizing And Empowering The Speaker To Perform And Carry Out Any Official Legislative Business During The Interim Between The 2020 And 2021 Regular Sessions.
In 2020, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Informing The Senate And The Governor That The House Of Representatives Is Ready To Adjourn Sine Die.. Description: Informing The Senate And The Governor That The House Of Representatives Is Ready To Adjourn Sine Die.
In 2020, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Strongly Urging The United States Department Of Housing And Urban Development And The United States Congress To Provide Additional Federal Funds For Native Hawaiian Housing Block Grants Under The Native American Housing Assistance And Self-determination Act And Identify And Secure Other Forms Of Direct Assistance To Address The Affordable Housing Needs Of The Native Hawaiian Population And Urging The Department Of Hawaiian Home Lands To Assist And Train Individual Hawaiian Homesteads On The Technical Aspects And Processes Involved In Expending And Utilizing Native Hawaiian Housing Block Grants.. Description: Strongly Urging The United States Department Of Housing And Urban Development And The United States Congress To Provide Additional Federal Funds For Native Hawaiian Housing Block Grants Under The Native American Housing Assistance And Self-determination Act And Identify And Secure Other Forms Of Direct Assistance To Address The Affordable Housing Needs Of The Native Hawaiian Population And Urging The Department Of Hawaiian Home Lands To Assist And Train Individual Hawaiian Homesteads On The Technical Aspects And Processes Involved In Expending And Utilizing Native Hawaiian Housing Block Grants.
In 2020, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting That The Department Of Human Services Provide An Estimate Of The Budget Appropriation And Legislative Action Necessary To Fund An Expansion Of Med-quest Coverage To All Post-partum Women For A Period Of Twelve Months Following Childbirth.. Description: Requesting That The Department Of Human Services Provide An Estimate Of The Budget Appropriation And Legislative Action Necessary To Fund An Expansion Of Med-quest Coverage To All Post-partum Women For A Period Of Twelve Months Following Childbirth.
In 2020, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging Congress To Pass The Clinical Treatment Act To Amend Title Xix Of The Social Security Act To Require Medicaid To Cover The Routine Costs Of Care For Patients With Life-threatening Conditions Who Are Enrolled In Clinical Trials.. Description: Urging Congress To Pass The Clinical Treatment Act To Amend Title Xix Of The Social Security Act To Require Medicaid To Cover The Routine Costs Of Care For Patients With Life-threatening Conditions Who Are Enrolled In Clinical Trials.
In 2020, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Department Of Health To Expand And Improve Hawaii's Home Visiting Program.. Description: Urging The Department Of Health To Expand And Improve Hawaii's Home Visiting Program.
In 2020, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The State To Ban Single-use Plastic Goods And Plastic Bags And To Set A Sustainability Example By Eliminating The Use Of Single-use Plastic Tableware At State Department Meetings And Functions.. Description: Urging The State To Ban Single-use Plastic Goods And Plastic Bags And To Set A Sustainability Example By Eliminating The Use Of Single-use Plastic Tableware At State Department Meetings And Functions.
In 2020, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Hawaii Emergency Management Agency To Provide To The Senate A Formal Plan And Monthly Accounting For Federal Funds Allocated To The Agency To Address The Coronavirus Pandemic.. Description: Requesting The Hawaii Emergency Management Agency To Provide To The Senate A Formal Plan And Monthly Accounting For Federal Funds Allocated To The Agency To Address The Coronavirus Pandemic.
In 2020, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Transportation And Kauai Department Of Public Works To Conduct A Study To Identify And Recommend Methods To Alleviate Traffic Congestion At Certain Intersections Along The Kaumualii Highway.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Transportation And Kauai Department Of Public Works To Conduct A Study To Identify And Recommend Methods To Alleviate Traffic Congestion At Certain Intersections Along The Kaumualii Highway.
In 2020, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Hawaiian Home Lands, In Conjunction With The County Of Hawaii Department Of Water Supply, To Provide A Progress Report Regarding The Development Of The Kau Water System.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Hawaiian Home Lands, In Conjunction With The County Of Hawaii Department Of Water Supply, To Provide A Progress Report Regarding The Development Of The Kau Water System.
In 2020, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Transportation To Study The Feasibility Of Using Recycled Plastic To Repair Roadways.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Transportation To Study The Feasibility Of Using Recycled Plastic To Repair Roadways.
In 2020, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Governor To Recognize And Commemorate August 26, 2020, As Women's Equality Day, Celebrating The Centennial Of, And Honoring Hawaii's Role In, The Women's Suffrage Movement.. Description: Requesting The Governor To Recognize And Commemorate August 26, 2020, As Women's Equality Day, Celebrating The Centennial Of, And Honoring Hawaii's Role In, The Women's Suffrage Movement.
In 2020, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Department Of Hawaiian Home Lands To Convene A Task Force With The Department Of Land And Natural Resources, Department Of Agriculture, Invasive Species Council, And Other Interested Parties To Develop A Comprehensive Mitigation Plan With Short And Long Term Solutions To Address The Spread Of And Eradicate Gorse On Hawaii Island.. Description: Urging The Department Of Hawaiian Home Lands To Convene A Task Force With The Department Of Land And Natural Resources, Department Of Agriculture, Invasive Species Council, And Other Interested Parties To Develop A Comprehensive Mitigation Plan With Short And Long Term Solutions To Address The Spread Of And Eradicate Gorse On Hawaii Island.
In 2020, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Business, Economic Development, And Tourism To Work In Conjunction With The Legislature To Create One Hundred Thousand Permanent Jobs In The State By 2022.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Business, Economic Development, And Tourism To Work In Conjunction With The Legislature To Create One Hundred Thousand Permanent Jobs In The State By 2022.
In 2020, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Human Resources Development To Convene A Task Force To Review The Functions And Operations Of The State Government And Identify, And Make Recommendations Regarding, Any Functions Or Operations That Can Be Modified In A Cost-effective Manner To Meet The Changing Needs Of The Public.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Human Resources Development To Convene A Task Force To Review The Functions And Operations Of The State Government And Identify, And Make Recommendations Regarding, Any Functions Or Operations That Can Be Modified In A Cost-effective Manner To Meet The Changing Needs Of The Public.
In 2020, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Convening A Restaurant Reopening Task Force To Assist In The Safe Reopening Of Restaurants Throughout The State That Were Closed Due To The Covid-19 Pandemic.. Description: Convening A Restaurant Reopening Task Force To Assist In The Safe Reopening Of Restaurants Throughout The State That Were Closed Due To The Covid-19 Pandemic.
In 2020, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging Restaurants Throughout The State To Adopt The Recommended Best Practices And Safety Guidelines Developed By The United States Food And Drug Administration And National Restaurant Association In Response To The Covid-19 Pandemic.. Description: Urging Restaurants Throughout The State To Adopt The Recommended Best Practices And Safety Guidelines Developed By The United States Food And Drug Administration And National Restaurant Association In Response To The Covid-19 Pandemic.
In 2020, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Department Of Hawaiian Home Lands, Department Of Transportation Highways Division, And Hawaii County To Collectively Develop A Plan To Improve Mealani Road And Establish A Protocol To Use Mealani Road As An Emergency Bypass Route When Mamalahoa Highway Is Inaccessible.. Description: Urging The Department Of Hawaiian Home Lands, Department Of Transportation Highways Division, And Hawaii County To Collectively Develop A Plan To Improve Mealani Road And Establish A Protocol To Use Mealani Road As An Emergency Bypass Route When Mamalahoa Highway Is Inaccessible.
In 2020, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Transportation To Provide Funding To Water Carriers For The Purpose Of Providing Financial Assistance To Maintain Routes And Lines Of Services Within The State And To Convene A Working Group To Recommend Mid- And Long-term Solutions To Ensure Continuous Water Carrier Service Throughout The State.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Transportation To Provide Funding To Water Carriers For The Purpose Of Providing Financial Assistance To Maintain Routes And Lines Of Services Within The State And To Convene A Working Group To Recommend Mid- And Long-term Solutions To Ensure Continuous Water Carrier Service Throughout The State.
In 2020, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Hawaiian Home Lands To Conduct An Analysis And Provide Data On The Number Of Department Of Hawaiian Home Lands Beneficiaries Who Have Applied For And Need Housing In Each County, By Income Classification And Unit Type.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Hawaiian Home Lands To Conduct An Analysis And Provide Data On The Number Of Department Of Hawaiian Home Lands Beneficiaries Who Have Applied For And Need Housing In Each County, By Income Classification And Unit Type.
In 2020, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Hawaiian Homes Commission To Improve Access To Hawaiian Home Lands And Other Trust Assets To Its Native Hawaiian Beneficiaries.. Description: Urging The Hawaiian Homes Commission To Improve Access To Hawaiian Home Lands And Other Trust Assets To Its Native Hawaiian Beneficiaries.
In 2020, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Hawaii Department Of Education To Develop A Strategy To Implement A Reopening Plan For The Upcoming School Year Based On Guidelines Established By The Centers For Disease Control And Prevention.. Description: Requesting The Hawaii Department Of Education To Develop A Strategy To Implement A Reopening Plan For The Upcoming School Year Based On Guidelines Established By The Centers For Disease Control And Prevention.
In 2020, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Governor To Create A Color-coded Advisory System To Address The Rapidly Changing Threat Of Covid-19.. Description: Urging The Governor To Create A Color-coded Advisory System To Address The Rapidly Changing Threat Of Covid-19.
In 2020, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Transportation To Formalize And Make Mandatory The Submission Of The Order For Self-quarantine, Safe Travels Application, And Interisland Declaration Forms.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Transportation To Formalize And Make Mandatory The Submission Of The Order For Self-quarantine, Safe Travels Application, And Interisland Declaration Forms.
In 2020, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Transportation, In Collaboration With The Hawaii Tourism Authority, To Develop A Travel Restriction Notification Procedure For Adoption By Any Passenger Airline Operating In The State.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Transportation, In Collaboration With The Hawaii Tourism Authority, To Develop A Travel Restriction Notification Procedure For Adoption By Any Passenger Airline Operating In The State.
In 2020, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting All Executive Branch Departments And Attached Agencies To Inform The Senate And House Of Representatives When Implementing Their Plans And Procedures Relating To The Covid-19 Pandemic.. Description: Requesting All Executive Branch Departments And Attached Agencies To Inform The Senate And House Of Representatives When Implementing Their Plans And Procedures Relating To The Covid-19 Pandemic.
In 2020, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Requesting The Governor To Establish Advance Travel Quarantine And Statewide Stay-at-home Orders To Ensure Rapid And Effective Response To Any Resurgence Of The Coronavirus Disease 2019 In Hawaii.. Description: Requesting The Governor To Establish Advance Travel Quarantine And Statewide Stay-at-home Orders To Ensure Rapid And Effective Response To Any Resurgence Of The Coronavirus Disease 2019 In Hawaii.
In 2020, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Recess Days For The Regular Session Of 2020.. Description: Relating To Recess Days For The Regular Session Of 2020.
In 2020, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Urging The Board Of Land And Natural Resources To Expedite The Disposition Of The Long-term Water Rights Leases For Hawaiian Electric's Non-consumptive Water Use Along The Wailuku River.. Description: Urging The Board Of Land And Natural Resources To Expedite The Disposition Of The Long-term Water Rights Leases For Hawaiian Electric's Non-consumptive Water Use Along The Wailuku River.
In 2020, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Establishing The Senate Special Investigating Committee On Covid-19.. Description: Establishing The Senate Special Investigating Committee On Covid-19.
In 2020, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Authorizing The Issuance Of A Term, Non-exclusive Easement Covering A Portion Of State Submerged Lands At Kaneohe, Koolaupoko, Oahu, For The Existing Pier, And For Use, Repair, And Maintenance Of The Existing Improvements Constructed Thereon.. Description: Authorizing The Issuance Of A Term, Non-exclusive Easement Covering A Portion Of State Submerged Lands At Kaneohe, Koolaupoko, Oahu, For The Existing Pier, And For Use, Repair, And Maintenance Of The Existing Improvements Constructed Thereon.
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting That The Wall Street Journal Include Hawaiian Airlines In The Newspaper's Future Rankings Of The Best And Worst Airlines In The United States.. Description: Requesting That The Wall Street Journal Include Hawaiian Airlines In The Newspaper's Future Rankings Of The Best And Worst Airlines In The United States.
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Urging The Board Of Land And Natural Resources To Dispose Of The Long-term Water Rights Leases For Hawaiian Electric's Non-consumptive Water Use Along The Wailuku River By Direct Negotiation And Provide Guidance On Determining The Value Of The Annual Water Lease Rent.. Description: Urging The Board Of Land And Natural Resources To Dispose Of The Long-term Water Rights Leases For Hawaiian Electric's Non-consumptive Water Use Along The Wailuku River By Direct Negotiation And Provide Guidance On Determining The Value Of The Annual Water Lease Rent.
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Strongly Urging The United States Department Of Housing And Urban Development And The United States Congress To Provide Additional Federal Funds For Native Hawaiian Housing Block Grants Under The Native American Housing Assistance And Self-determination Act And Identify And Secure Other Forms Of Direct Assistance To Address The Affordable Housing Needs Of The Native Hawaiian Population And Urging The Department Of Hawaiian Home Lands To Assist And Train Individual Hawaiian Homesteads On The Technical Aspects And Processes Involved In Expending And Utilizing Native Hawaiian Housing Block Grants.. Description: Strongly Urging The United States Department Of Housing And Urban Development And The United States Congress To Provide Additional Federal Funds For Native Hawaiian Housing Block Grants Under The Native American Housing Assistance And Self-determination Act And Identify And Secure Other Forms Of Direct Assistance To Address The Affordable Housing Needs Of The Native Hawaiian Population And Urging The Department Of Hawaiian Home Lands To Assist And Train Individual Hawaiian Homesteads On The Technical Aspects And Processes Involved In Expending And Utilizing Native Hawaiian Housing Block Grants.
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Land And Natural Resources To Adopt Administrative Rules That Better Protect Historic Resources And To Create A Task Force.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Land And Natural Resources To Adopt Administrative Rules That Better Protect Historic Resources And To Create A Task Force.
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting That The Department Of Human Services Provide An Estimate Of The Budget Appropriation And Legislative Action Necessary To Fund An Expansion Of Med-quest Coverage To All Post-partum Women For A Period Of Twelve Months Following Childbirth.. Description: Requesting That The Department Of Human Services Provide An Estimate Of The Budget Appropriation And Legislative Action Necessary To Fund An Expansion Of Med-quest Coverage To All Post-partum Women For A Period Of Twelve Months Following Childbirth.
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Urging Congress To Pass The Clinical Treatment Act To Amend Title Xix Of The Social Security Act To Require Medicaid To Cover The Routine Costs Of Care For Patients With Life-threatening Conditions Who Are Enrolled In Clinical Trials.. Description: Urging Congress To Pass The Clinical Treatment Act To Amend Title Xix Of The Social Security Act To Require Medicaid To Cover The Routine Costs Of Care For Patients With Life-threatening Conditions Who Are Enrolled In Clinical Trials.
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Human Services, In Collaboration With The Department Of Health, To Convene A Task Force To Establish Safe And Effective Discipline For All Children In Hawaii.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Human Services, In Collaboration With The Department Of Health, To Convene A Task Force To Establish Safe And Effective Discipline For All Children In Hawaii.
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Urging The Department Of Health To Expand And Improve Hawaii's Home Visiting Program.. Description: Urging The Department Of Health To Expand And Improve Hawaii's Home Visiting Program.
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Urging The State To Ban Single-use Plastic Goods And Plastic Bags And To Set A Sustainability Example By Eliminating The Use Of Single-use Plastic Tableware At State Department Meetings And Functions.. Description: Urging The State To Ban Single-use Plastic Goods And Plastic Bags And To Set A Sustainability Example By Eliminating The Use Of Single-use Plastic Tableware At State Department Meetings And Functions.
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Approving The Sale Of The Leased Fee Interest In 41-613 Inoaole Street, Waimanalo, Hawaii.. Description: Approving The Sale Of The Leased Fee Interest In 41-613 Inoaole Street, Waimanalo, Hawaii.
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Approving The Sale Of The Leased Fee Interest In 95-033 Kuahelani Avenue, No. 133, Mililani, Hawaii.. Description: Approving The Sale Of The Leased Fee Interest In 95-033 Kuahelani Avenue, No. 133, Mililani, Hawaii.
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Approving The Sale Of The Leased Fee Interest In 94-942 Meheula Parkway, No. 244, Mililani, Hawaii.. Description: Approving The Sale Of The Leased Fee Interest In 94-942 Meheula Parkway, No. 244, Mililani, Hawaii.
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Authorizing The Issuance Of A Term, Non-exclusive Easement Covering A Portion Of State Submerged Lands At Kaalawai, Honolulu, Oahu, For The Existing Seawall, And For Use, Repair, And Maintenance Of The Existing Improvements Constructed Thereon.. Description: Authorizing The Issuance Of A Term, Non-exclusive Easement Covering A Portion Of State Submerged Lands At Kaalawai, Honolulu, Oahu, For The Existing Seawall, And For Use, Repair, And Maintenance Of The Existing Improvements Constructed Thereon.
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Authorizing The Issuance Of A Term, Non-exclusive Easement Covering A Portion Of State Submerged Lands At Waimanalo, Koolaupoko, Oahu, For The Existing Pier, Seawall, And Steps, And For Use, Repair, And Maintenance Of The Existing Improvements Constructed Thereon.. Description: Authorizing The Issuance Of A Term, Non-exclusive Easement Covering A Portion Of State Submerged Lands At Waimanalo, Koolaupoko, Oahu, For The Existing Pier, Seawall, And Steps, And For Use, Repair, And Maintenance Of The Existing Improvements Constructed Thereon.
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Authorizing The Issuance Of A Term, Non-exclusive Easement Covering A Portion Of State Submerged Lands At Kaneohe, Koolaupoko, Oahu, For The Existing Pier, And For Use, Repair, And Maintenance Of The Existing Improvements Constructed Thereon.. Description: Authorizing The Issuance Of A Term, Non-exclusive Easement Covering A Portion Of State Submerged Lands At Kaneohe, Koolaupoko, Oahu, For The Existing Pier, And For Use, Repair, And Maintenance Of The Existing Improvements Constructed Thereon.
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Authorizing The Issuance Of A Perpetual, Non-exclusive Easement Covering A Portion Of State Submerged Lands At Maunalua, Honolulu, Oahu, For The Existing Storm Drain, And For Use, Repair, And Maintenance Of The Existing Improvements Constructed Thereon.. Description: Authorizing The Issuance Of A Perpetual, Non-exclusive Easement Covering A Portion Of State Submerged Lands At Maunalua, Honolulu, Oahu, For The Existing Storm Drain, And For Use, Repair, And Maintenance Of The Existing Improvements Constructed Thereon.
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Authorizing The Issuance Of A Perpetual, Non-exclusive Easement Covering A Portion Of State Submerged Lands At Kaneohe, Koolaupoko, Oahu, For The Existing Storm Drain, And For Use, Repair, And Maintenance Of The Existing Improvements Constructed Thereon.. Description: Authorizing The Issuance Of A Perpetual, Non-exclusive Easement Covering A Portion Of State Submerged Lands At Kaneohe, Koolaupoko, Oahu, For The Existing Storm Drain, And For Use, Repair, And Maintenance Of The Existing Improvements Constructed Thereon.
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Authorizing The Issuance Of A Term, Non-exclusive Easement Covering A Portion Of State Submerged Lands At Napili 2 And 3, Lahaina, Maui, For An Existing Walkway, And For Use, Repair, And Maintenance Of The Existing Improvements Constructed Thereon.. Description: Authorizing The Issuance Of A Term, Non-exclusive Easement Covering A Portion Of State Submerged Lands At Napili 2 And 3, Lahaina, Maui, For An Existing Walkway, And For Use, Repair, And Maintenance Of The Existing Improvements Constructed Thereon.
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Authorizing The Issuance Of Term, Non-exclusive Easements Covering Portions Of State Submerged Lands At Waiohuli-keokea, Wailuku, Maui, For The Existing Seawall, And For The Use, Maintenance, And Repair Of The Existing Improvements Constructed Thereon.. Description: Authorizing The Issuance Of Term, Non-exclusive Easements Covering Portions Of State Submerged Lands At Waiohuli-keokea, Wailuku, Maui, For The Existing Seawall, And For The Use, Maintenance, And Repair Of The Existing Improvements Constructed Thereon.
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Authorizing The Issuance Of A Term, Non-exclusive Easement Covering A Portion Of State Submerged Lands At Waiohuli-keokea Homesteads, Kihei, Maui, For The Existing Seawall, Rock Revetment, And Concrete Steps, And For Use, Repair, And Maintenance Of The Existing Improvements Constructed Thereon.. Description: Authorizing The Issuance Of A Term, Non-exclusive Easement Covering A Portion Of State Submerged Lands At Waiohuli-keokea Homesteads, Kihei, Maui, For The Existing Seawall, Rock Revetment, And Concrete Steps, And For Use, Repair, And Maintenance Of The Existing Improvements Constructed Thereon.
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Authorizing The Issuance Of A Term, Non-exclusive Easement Covering A Portion Of State Submerged Lands At Waiohuli-keokea Homesteads And Beach Lots, Kihei, Maui, For The Existing Seawall And Rock Revetment, And For Use, Repair, And Maintenance Of The Existing Improvements Constructed Thereon.. Description: Authorizing The Issuance Of A Term, Non-exclusive Easement Covering A Portion Of State Submerged Lands At Waiohuli-keokea Homesteads And Beach Lots, Kihei, Maui, For The Existing Seawall And Rock Revetment, And For Use, Repair, And Maintenance Of The Existing Improvements Constructed Thereon.
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Office Of The Lieutenant Governor To Establish A Multi-stakeholder Task Force To Advance State Procurement Of Locally Produced Food.. Description: Requesting The Office Of The Lieutenant Governor To Establish A Multi-stakeholder Task Force To Advance State Procurement Of Locally Produced Food.
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Transportation And Kauai Department Of Public Works To Conduct A Study To Identify And Recommend Methods To Alleviate Traffic Congestion At Certain Intersections Along The Kaumualii Highway.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Transportation And Kauai Department Of Public Works To Conduct A Study To Identify And Recommend Methods To Alleviate Traffic Congestion At Certain Intersections Along The Kaumualii Highway.
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Strongly Urging Various Government Agencies To Take Appropriate Actions To Protect The Wahi Pana Of Waimakaohiiaka And Preserve The Traditional And Customary Practice Of Making Salt Beds And Gathering Paakai (salt) In Hanapepe, Kauai.. Description: Strongly Urging Various Government Agencies To Take Appropriate Actions To Protect The Wahi Pana Of Waimakaohiiaka And Preserve The Traditional And Customary Practice Of Making Salt Beds And Gathering Paakai (salt) In Hanapepe, Kauai.
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Hawaiian Home Lands, In Conjunction With The County Of Hawaii Department Of Water Supply, To Provide A Progress Report Regarding The Development Of The Kau Water System.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Hawaiian Home Lands, In Conjunction With The County Of Hawaii Department Of Water Supply, To Provide A Progress Report Regarding The Development Of The Kau Water System.
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Department Of Transportation To Study The Feasibility Of Using Recycled Plastic To Repair Roadways.. Description: Requesting The Department Of Transportation To Study The Feasibility Of Using Recycled Plastic To Repair Roadways.
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Governor To Recognize And Commemorate August 26, 2020, As Women's Equality Day, Celebrating The Centennial Of, And Honoring Hawaii's Role In, The Women's Suffrage Movement.. Description: Requesting The Governor To Recognize And Commemorate August 26, 2020, As Women's Equality Day, Celebrating The Centennial Of, And Honoring Hawaii's Role In, The Women's Suffrage Movement.
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Authorizing The Issuance Of A Term, Non-exclusive Easement Covering A Portion Of State Submerged Lands For A Rubble Rock Revetment, Rock Wall, And Two Concrete Stairways, And For Use, Maintenance, Repair, Replacement, And Removal Of The Existing Improvements Constructed Thereon.. Description: Authorizing The Issuance Of A Term, Non-exclusive Easement Covering A Portion Of State Submerged Lands For A Rubble Rock Revetment, Rock Wall, And Two Concrete Stairways, And For Use, Maintenance, Repair, Replacement, And Removal Of The Existing Improvements Constructed Thereon.
In 2020, Hawaii engrossed a bill titled: Requesting The Attorney General To Submit Reports On The Reporting, Investigation, And Prosecution Of Hate Crimes In The State.. Description: Requesting The Attorney General To Submit Reports On The Reporting, Investigation, And Prosecution Of Hate Crimes In The State.
In 2020, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The Recess Of The Thirtieth Legislature, Regular Session Of 2020.. Description: Relating To The Recess Of The Thirtieth Legislature, Regular Session Of 2020.
In 2020, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To An Additional Date Of Recess For The Regular Session Of 2020.. Description: Relating To An Additional Date Of Recess For The Regular Session Of 2020.
In 2020, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To The Recess Of The Thirtieth Legislature, Regular Session Of 2020.. Description: Relating To The Recess Of The Thirtieth Legislature, Regular Session Of 2020.
In 2020, Hawaii passed a bill titled: Relating To Additional Dates Of Recess For The Regular Session Of 2020.. Description: Relating To Additional Dates Of Recess For The Regular Session Of 2020.
